Annual Report 2021/2022
Strategic Report




                          Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                           Stock code: 823




      GROWING
      Beyond
About Link
Link Real Estate Investment Trust is
one of the world’s largest real estate
investment trusts in terms of market
capitalisation. With a diversified portfolio,
we aim to deliver sustainable growth and
create long-term value for our Unitholders
and all our stakeholders.


About this Report
This report covers our performance from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022.
In this report, we will discuss our gradual development along the path
we outlined in previous years, highlight the interactions among financial,
environmental, social and governance factors, and underline their influence
on our long-term sustainable development. The information reported here is
also consistent with indicators used for our internal management and Board
reports and are comparable with our previous reports.


Materiality
This report has been structured according to Link’s Vision 2025 and
Value Creation Process. The Board believes that Vision 2025 represents the
strategy and opportunities that will drive value creation for our stakeholders.


Complete 2021/2022
Reports and Presentations
Strategic Report
Our Strategic Report, compiled according to the International Integrated
Reporting Council’s International <IR> Framework, presents a
comprehensive, but concise, overview of how we create value for different
stakeholders and the progress we have made on Vision 2025.


Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements
This report contains our detailed governance, disclosures and financial
statements. The governance and disclosures sections are prepared in
accordance with the REIT Code, applicable provisions of the Listing Rules,
and other relevant laws and regulations, while the consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong
Financial Reporting Standards, the requirements of the Trust Deed and
the relevant disclosure requirements of the REIT Code and audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers.


Valuation Report
This report summarises the market value of Link’s individual properties as
valued by Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited.


ESG Compliance
•   Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide
    (ESG Reporting Guide) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
•   Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards
    (GRI Standards) – Core Options
•   United Nations Global Compact
•   Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
•   International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) Exposure Draft
    IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures


Sustainability Compendium
The Sustainability Compendium, which does not form
part of, but which is intended to complement our
Integrated Annual Report, provides more details
on our Sustainability Strategy, as well as approach and        Access the Sustainability
performance in each of our Sustainability Focus Areas.         Compendium here
                                                                                           The Cabot   Link Square
                                                                                           London      Shanghai
                                                  Contents
                                         Inside   Introduction
                                          front

                                                  Overview
                                             2    2021/2022 Highlights
                                             4    Link at a Glance

                                             6    Chairman’s Statement
                                             8    Chief Executive Officer’s Report
                                            11    Board of Directors


                                                  Our Strategic Approach
                                            12    Our Value Creation Process
                                            14    Vision 2025 Update
                                            18    Megatrends
                                            20    Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks


                                                  Performance and Outlook
                                                  Across Our Capitals
                                            24    Financial
                                            26    Portfolio
                                            28    Talent
                                            30    Natural
                                            32    Social & Relationship
                                            34    Innovation


                                                  Operational Highlights
                                            36    Hong Kong Portfolio
                                            42    Mainland China Portfolio
                                            45    Overseas Portfolio
                                            47    Asset Enhancement
                                            48    Valuation Review
                                            50    Capital Management


                                            53    Definitions and Glossary
                                         Inside   Corporate Information
Queen Victoria Building   The Quayside     back
               Sydney      Hong Kong
Overview | 2021/2022 Highlights




2021/2022 Highlights
Our key performance indicators reflect resilient business performance
despite the ongoing macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties.




Financial                                            Portfolio                                             Talent
    Page 24                                              Page 26                                               Page 28




97.7%                                                Investments in                                        Staff Diversity


Hong Kong Retail Occupancy
+0.9% YoY
                                                     17  properties(2)                                     52%
                                                                                                           Female
                                                     Active Portfolio Management


5.4%                                                                                                       48%
                                                     3 Asset
DPU Growth (YoY)
                                                                                                           Male


22.0%                      (1)

                                                     enhancement                                           Over
Gearing Ratio
                                                     projects
2.30%                                                Completed in Hong Kong and
                                                     Mainland China. A total capex of
                                                                                                           26,310
                                                                                                           Training Hours



                                                                                                           7
Average Borrowing Cost                               HK$86 million and RMB286 million
-36 basis points YoY                                 were spent in Hong Kong and
                                                     Mainland China, respectively.

                                                                                                           Awards and Recognitions

Strong Credit Ratings


A/Stable                                                                                                   Days Working From Home



                                                                                                           55
Standard and Poor’s


A2/Stable                                                                                                  Hong Kong
Moody’s


A/Stable
Fitch
                                                                                                           23
                                                                                                           Mainland China

Notes:
(1) After adjusting for the impact of the acquisition of 50% interests in a Sydney retail portfolio announced on 7 November 2021, the acquisition of
    49.9% interests in a joint venture that owns interests in 5 prime office properties in Sydney and Melbourne announced on 10 February 2022 and
    completed on 1 June 2022, the acquisition of three logistics properties in Mainland China announced on 12 May 2022, and the final distribution
    declared, the gearing ratio of Link as at 31 March 2022 will increase to 24.9%.
(2) Refers to investments announced from April 2021 to date.


2        Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                            Overview | 2021/2022 Highlights




Natural                             Social & Relationship                 Innovation
    Page 30                            Page 32                               Page 34




                                    ~220                                  Sustainable
Net Zero Carbon Emissions by
2035 – Two Interim Targets by

                                                                          Finance
2025/2026



-5%
                                    Tenant Support Scheme (HK$ million)
                                                                          Launched Sustainable
                                                                          Finance Framework
Electricity
Intensity                           Upward

-25%
                                    Mobility
                                    Promote Local Employment via
                                    Upward Social Mobility Programme
                                                                          127properties
                                                                          Implemented FMIT Solutions
Carbon Emissions                                                          for Property Management in
Intensity                                                                 Hong Kong


                                    13.1%
47properties
Expanded Solar Panel Installation
                                    Hong Kong Retail Overall
                                    Rent-to-Sales Ratio Stayed
                                    in an Affordable Range

Roadmap in Hong Kong




                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022   3
Overview | Link at a Glance




Link at a Glance

Our Vision,                              Vision                                  Mission                                 Values
Mission                                  To be a world class real                Building relationships with             Managing our
                                         estate investor and                     our stakeholders through                business with
and Values                               manager, serving and                    providing value and quality             Respect
                                         improving the lives of                  services, partnering with               Excellence
                                         those around us                         local communities delivering            Integrity
                                                                                 sustainable growth                      Teamwork




Investment
in Brief (1)
Our portfolio includes retail
facilities, car parks and
related business, offices and
logistics properties across
Hong Kong, major cities in


                                         129                                     12                                     10
Mainland China, Australia
and the United Kingdom.
These multiple segments
form a solid and diversified             Hong Kong                               Mainland China                          Australia &
platform to create sustainable           Retail, office and car parks            Retail, office                          United Kingdom
                                                                                                                         Retail and offices in
value for our stakeholders.              and related business                    and logistics
                                                                                                                         Sydney, Melbourne
                                                                                                                         and London


Portfolio Value


                                                                    74.8% 53.9 17.6 3.3
                                                                    Hong Kong                       Retail
                                                                                                              %              %
                                                                                                                    Car park(3)    Office
                                                                                                                                            %



            HK$
                     228B                                           17.4% 13.1 3.0
                                             (2)

                                                                                                              %              %    1.3%
                  Portfolio Value                                   Mainland China                  Retail          Office         Logistics




                                                                    7.8%
                                                                    Australia &
                                                                                                   1.4% 6.4%
                                                                                                    Retail          Office
                                                                    United Kingdom
Notes:
(1) Including three retail properties in Sydney (announced on 7 November 2021), five prime office properties in Sydney and Melbourne (announced on
    10 February 2022 and completed on 1 June 2022) and three logistics properties in Jiaxing and Changshu (announced on 12 May 2022).
(2) As at 31 March 2022, total valuation of investment properties, plus 50% property value of Qibao Vanke Plaza, plus the agreed property value of
    50% interest in three retail properties in Sydney, which was announced on 7 November 2021, the agreed property value of 49.9% interest in a
    joint venture that owns interest in 5 prime office properties in Sydney and Melbourne, which was announced on 10 February 2022 and completed
    on 1 June 2022, and the agreed property value of the acquisition of Mainland China logistics properties which was announced on 12 May 2022, on
    a pro-forma basis.
(3) Car parks and related business includes two car park/car service centres and godown buildings in Hong Kong.


4        Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                                        Overview | Link at a Glance




Reasons for
Investing in Link


                  No.    1
                  Largest REIT
                                                                 17 years
                                                                 Consistent track record
                                                                                                         Resilient
                                                                                                         Non-discretionary retail,
                                                                                                         car parks and related
                  in Asia                                        of growing DPU                          business, prime grade
                                                                                                         offices and logistics


                  100%
                  Free float
                                                                 Only      1
                                                                 Only internally-
                                                                                                         25%
                                                                                                         Board comprises female
                                                                 managed REIT in Asia                    directors contributing
                                                                                                         to diversity and strong
                                                                                                         corporate governance




2021/2022
Financial Highlights


                                                         11,602 8,776
We are pleased to present another set
of robust results despite unprecedented
challenges. We are committed to
providing Unitholders prudent growth                     Revenue (HK$ million)             Net Property Income (HK$ million)
and steadily increasing DPU.                             +8.0% YoY                         +6.5% YoY
As we pursue Vision 2025, we will


                                                         305.67 77.10
continue our diversification strategy
and grow our portfolio in markets
where suitable opportunities arise.
                                                         Distribution per Unit (HK¢)       Net Asset Value per Unit (HK$)
                                                         +5.4% YoY                         +1.1% YoY




Occupancy Rates                                                                            Reversion Rates
Retail                                                    Logistics                        Retail

97.7% 92.3%(1) 95.5%(2) 100%                                                               4.8%             8.8%
Hong Kong         Mainland China Overseas                 Mainland China                   Hong Kong        Mainland China

Office                                                                                     Office

96.6%(3) 97.0%                      100%                                                   -8.1%
Hong Kong         Mainland China Overseas                                                  Mainland China

Notes:
(1) Excluding Happy Valley Shopping Mall in Guangzhou.
(2) As at end of April 2022.
(3) Committed occupancy as of 17 May 2022.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022        5
Overview | Chairman’s Statement




Chairman’s
Statement



While clearly clouds loom on the
horizon – continued market volatility
and geopolitical instability, inflation,
and supply chain disruptions –
our activities over this past year
leave us well positioned to build
and transform our portfolio to
meet the challenges.




As I pen this statement to you reporting on our progress over           acutely to this latest wave, keeping health and safety as
this past year, I can look ahead with confidence in Link’s              priorities and financial impact to a minimum. Our Business as
sustainable enterprise development. While clearly clouds loom           Mutual mindset once again proved instrumental in our
on the horizon – continued market volatility and geopolitical           collaboration with partners across our value chain to support
instability, inflation, and supply chain disruptions – our activities   tenants, business associates, staff and the community.
over this past year leave us well positioned to build and
                                                                        I am pleased to report overall stable and improving performance
transform our portfolio to meet the challenges.
                                                                        for the year, with some bold moves taken to diversify and
One thing we learned during this past year was how to be                strengthen Link’s sustainable portfolio growth. We continued to
resilient to disruption. Few could have predicted that the COVID        maintain strong occupancy across all markets with revenue up
pandemic would continue for so long and with such dire                  8.0% and total distributable amount up 6.8%. Our asset
consequences. Most global economies were caught on the back             enhancement programme has extended to Mainland China,
foot with a return of lockdowns and social distancing measures.         where we completed our first shopping mall enhancement
Opening of economies in UK and Australia were tempered by               project, unlocking further value. The project applied stringent
reintroduction of severe restrictions in Hong Kong and Mainland         environmental and social targets, and will serve as the model for
China towards the end of the financial year. However, Link’s            future enhancements in Mainland China.
own earlier experiences enabled us to respond quickly and




6     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                                    Overview | Chairman’s Statement




Medium and longer-term external industry and geopolitical             We are taking action through our Net Zero 2035 initiative which
trends will challenge our organisational resilience. Guided by        places us well on our way to meeting the HKSAR’s mandated
our solid business acumen and insights into potential industry        target of 20% reduction in energy consumption by 2035. Our
opportunities, Link is making continuous refinements to its           purpose is not just reduction, but to climate proof our portfolio
business model in scope, platform and approach.                       and assets for long-term net zero performance and empower
We have widened our scope of business to include a new asset          our new generation of Linkers with the skills to lead and
class – logistics, acquiring two, and agreeing to acquire an          manage the innovation needed.
additional three, logistics warehouses in Mainland China, two         We are committed to nurturing our future generation of
car park/car services centres and godown buildings in Hong            community leaders. Our flagship Link Together Initiatives
Kong. Each of these asset types complement our existing               continued to support eight community projects and 220
portfolio. We also expanded our presence in Australia, investing      students under the Link University Scholarship, with a total
in eight retail and office properties in prime city environments of   funding of HK$15.5 million committed over the financial year.
Sydney and Melbourne. Using our entrepreneurial approach,
                                                                      While much has been achieved by Link this year, we have not
strong governance and ethos of hands-on value creation, and
                                                                      taken these steps lightly. We remain committed to creating a
collaboration with our partners, we will ensure these assets
                                                                      resilient and productive portfolio. Our strong governance ethos
remain as market leaders.
                                                                      continues to guide strategy and decision making, even as we
To leverage this significant portfolio growth, we have increased      enter new areas of growth. I remain confident of our pathway.
joint-venture undertakings in which we take partial stakes, but
                                                                      During the second half of the financial year the Board bid
are still actively involved in asset management and value
                                                                      farewell to May Tan and Elaine Young as they retired from the
creation. While this marks a departure from our well-practiced
                                                                      Board having reached their full nine year term limit. May and
wholly owned and managed approach, this alternative format
                                                                      Elaine were the first women to join the Link Board and played
maximises our capital resources while minimising business risks
                                                                      instrumental roles in transforming Link into the well governed,
and diversifying our portfolio at an opportune time.
                                                                      entrepreneurial organisation it is today. On behalf of the Board,
To manage these new fields of operations, by design, we rely on       Management team and Unitholders, I would like to thank you
our joint venture partners’ expertise, placing ourselves on the       both for your very valuable contributions.
logistics operations learning curve, and increasing our expertise
                                                                      In closing I wish to thank George, the Management team and
in Australia. This purposeful approach allows us to learn and
                                                                      our team of Linkers on another year of remarkable results and
acclimatise to new operating environments and reinforce our
                                                                      look ahead with confidence on our continued growth.
team with best management practices that will serve us well as
we pursue further opportunities in these markets.
This past year brought into sharp focus the important role the
real estate industry has to play in addressing climate change. In
the post COP26 environment, the response to more transparent
                                                                      Nicholas Charles ALLEN
and globally aligned management of ESG issues, in particular
                                                                      Chairman
decarbonisation, is influencing our approach to how we govern
and manage assets and the business over various time horizons.
                                                                      Link Asset Management Limited
We have updated our Climate Change and Energy Policy, the
                                                                      As Manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust
Corporate Governance Manual as well and introduced the
                                                                      1 June 2022
Stakeholder Engagement Policy and Responsible Investment
Policy to reflect updated regulatory compliance as well as
institutionalise best ESG governance and practice.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022           7
Overview | Chief Executive Officer’s Report




Chief Executive
Officer’s Report




Our Business as Mutual management
ethos has shaped our initiatives
to address the many challenges
and support the continuous
improvements in our operations.




Over this past year, Link has resolutely met head on the         Strategy in Action
challenging tasks of managing the uncertainties from the
                                                                 Our challenge this past year has been to develop our business
persistent pandemic and ongoing global economic disruption.
                                                                 to reflect global and regional recovery opportunities, while
At the same time, we recognised expansion and
                                                                 responding to the continuous disruptive impact as they
diversification opportunities as select markets slowly
                                                                 unfolded. We live in a more interconnected, yet decentralised
emerged from these uncertainties.
                                                                 business environment that challenges business-as-usual
Our portfolio of non-discretionary retail assets and well-       management practices and opens possibilities for innovation in
positioned commercial premises have provided a stable income     structure and engagement. As such we must be flexible and
base to our Unitholders while continuing to serve the            agile to adapt to the market changes.
communities they operate in during these critical times.
                                                                 Our Business as Mutual management ethos has shaped our
Performance was supported by our timely programmes to
                                                                 initiatives to address the many challenges and support the
respond quickly to tenant and customer needs. Our established
                                                                 continuous improvements in our operations. Our focus was and
practice of transparency with tenants, business associates and
                                                                 continues to be on:
Unitholders helped maintain a level of confidence in our
business that ensured continued support of our operations.       •   The unpredictability of recurring waves of COVID and resultant
Our top priority throughout has been the health and safety of        policy changes have affected daily operational management.
our staff, business partners and customers.                          Our past experience has guided us in responding to both the
                                                                     risks and opportunities in the Hong Kong, Mainland China,
                                                                     Australia and the United Kingdom markets, where we juggled
                                                                     from gradual recovery and reopening to intensive lockdowns
                                                                     across different cities and jurisdictions.




8    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                           Overview | Chief Executive Officer’s Report




•   Our decarbonisation efforts in response to the significant         Asset Management
    international efforts to manage climate change post COP26 and
                                                                       For asset management, our short-term initiatives continue to
    the imminent regulatory impact on real estate and REIT markets.
                                                                       focus on improving operational performance and productivity,
•   Vigilance on local and international supply chain issues,          principally with COVID recovery planning and post-COVID retail
    growing global inflation and persistent geopolitical and market    opportunities. Our teams actively work to support tenants and
    volatilities and the risks that they impose on operations.         adjust the retail mix, creating safe and healthy environments
                                                                       that enhance the retail experience, while managing operating
We endeavour to create enterprise value as we mature the               expenditure to achieve projected income and returns. In Hong
business model by applying prudent commercial principles               Kong, despite the ongoing uncertainty and pandemic
despite volatility within the industry, financial markets and          challenges, we achieved a high level of 97.7% occupancy across
investor sentiments. The continued growth in DPU in this               the retail portfolio, introducing over 660 new leases during the
difficult environment reflects the strength of our strategic           year. This is a strong testament to the resilience of our Hong
business approach. Results for the year marked credible                Kong retail portfolio and its role as infrastructure of consumption
performances across our markets.                                       to the local communities.

In 2021/2022, revenue and net property income increased by             Medium-term risks and opportunities involve more intense
8.0% and 6.5% year-on-year, respectively.                              management of assets, where opportunities are emerging with
                                                                       upgrading and transforming our properties into higher quality
                                                                       assets to align with aspiring community lifestyles. We
Growing Beyond                                                         completed our first large-scale refurbishment in Mainland China
Underpinning our approach is the continuous improvement and            at Link CentralWalk in Shenzhen, expanding the total number of
curation of assets for growth.                                         shops by 20% and achieving three green building certificates.
                                                                       The social, economic and environmental principles applied to
                                                                       this undertaking will be incorporated into Link’s subsequent
Portfolio Management                                                   asset improvement projects.
At portfolio level, we have made a series of strategic
acquisitions in Mainland China and Australia. In Mainland China,       Capital Management
anticipating the strategic growth of the GBA and considering
                                                                       Financing portfolio growth is contingent on how we manage our
the impact of recently announced national policy towards
                                                                       capital. We apply prudent commercial principles in view of the
“common prosperity”, we took our first step into the logistics
                                                                       ever-changing dynamics of the international financial markets.
industry through the acquisition of five properties, two in the
                                                                       Our overall average borrowing cost achieved a record-low of
GBA and three in the YRD. We view logistics properties as
                                                                       2.3% with an average debt maturity of 3.5 years. With HK$22.6
complementary to our retail property holdings and an asset             billion in undrawn committed facilities and a healthy balance
class that allows us to diversify our portfolio and continue to tap    sheet, we are well positioned to both grow our portfolio while
into future consumption growth in the region. For more details         remaining highly liquid.
on Common Prosperity see page 18.
                                                                       During the year, we updated Link’s Sustainable Finance
In Australia, we invested in several iconic retail and office assets   Framework to ensure that our performance targets require
in Sydney and Melbourne, coming at an opportune moment as              collaboration with stakeholders throughout our value chain to
these cities are benefitting from robust economic recovery and a       create a system-wide positive impact for the community that
post-pandemic retail boom. These investments will provide              investors and institutions increasingly expect. In March 2022,
immediate income and scale our presence in this growing                we signed a HK$12 billion sustainability-linked syndicated loan
market. Strategically, we have expanded on our traditional             facility that was regarded as the largest of its kind in the real
majority ownership and management approach to include joint            estate sector and among REITs in Asia Pacific. For more details
ventures and minority shareholdings in assets. This evolution          see page 35.
allows us to ‘grow beyond’ our current business model to               Our track record of 17 years of steady portfolio growth and
diversify and expand, and to access attractive assets. We              rising DPU demonstrates our management acumen and
minimise risks by partnering with and learning from experienced        achievements that consistently place us at the forefront of the
and like-minded partners.                                              global REIT industry. Leveraging this knowledge has enabled us
                                                                       to take bold steps this past year and position us to consider
                                                                       further expansion of our horizons to outside our current remit.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022        9
Overview | Chief Executive Officer’s Report




Challenges                                                            The Team
Growing the business as set out above is not without its              I wish to stress that our portfolio is only as resilient as our team.
challenges. Our expanded operational reach into Mainland              I must thank and express my continued support for our team of
China and Australia tests the integration of our business model,      Linkers who have worked tirelessly, yet again, to overcome the
values and corporate culture across markets. Achieving success        continued challenges of COVID and keep us on the path to
requires a workforce that is culturally in tune with local markets,   recovery. The senior management team is deeply cognisant of
one that practices the Business as Mutual ethos and is willing to     the stronger competition for their talent and the changing
explore adoption of the disruptive technologies, systems and          priorities in individual career expectations. As such we have
practices that will reflect best practices across the industry. As    increased our channels to listen and engage with our employees
we gradually expand our exposure in different markets, asset          and offer the pathways that are meaningful and productive.
classes and management approaches, we actively partner with           Our objective is to strengthen our culture and values as an
other managers to share and develop further our knowledge             integrated team and provide a long-term future for employees,
and business know how. This provides the shared pool of               setting the foundation for our ongoing growth.
resources to grow assets to be recognised destinations and            I would like to thank the Board of Directors for their support and
leaders within their industry.                                        guidance during the past year.
The real estate industry is highly exposed to the impact of           I would also like to thank Eric Yau who will be taking a sabbatical
climate change. Link has taken a long-term view to ensure             following nearly 12 years at Link, with the last five as Chief
portfolio resilience, with the integration of the Net Zero 2035       Strategy Officer. Eric has played an instrumental role in our
initiative into portfolio governance, strategy and operations.        growth and transformation journey. On behalf of the Board and
Taking definitive action to manage our carbon footprint is            colleagues, I would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to Eric
augmented by the participation in industry studies that have          for his tremendous contribution to Link and wish him all the best
proven instrumental in enhancing our understanding of our base        in his future endeavours.
line exposure to both transition and physical risks. The use of
scenario analysis has helped us identify and assess portfolio         As we continue our growth, we have also brought in new talent
and asset-specific climate exposures and put the appropriate          to the Management team. I would like to welcome Greg Chubb
response initiatives in place, in particular with regard to energy    as Chief Operating Officer – International, Ronald Tham as Chief
management, flooding and heat. Quantifying the risks through          Corporate Development Officer, Zhu Haiqun as Managing
science-based data supports our climate governance and                Director – Mainland China and Kenny Lam as Chief Investment
strategy in terms of allocation of responsibilities and resources,    Officer (Strategic Investment). Greg will oversee Link’s asset
including capital to address risks and redirect resources and         management, leasing and operations outside Mainland China
efforts to take advantage of the opportunities.                       and Hong Kong. Ronald will oversee corporate development,
                                                                      mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance and capital
Climate change and corporate environmental, social, and               transactions. Haiqun will oversee asset management, leasing,
governance practices are increasingly subject to regulatory           operations and other work relating to commercial and corporate
scrutiny. Link is taking steps through policy and system updates
                                                                      functions of the Mainland China region. Kenny will oversee
to enhance the governance and processes to be fully compliant         strategic investment, mergers and acquisitions and portfolio
as regulatory requirements take hold in our operating markets.        management as we continue to diversify across asset classes
Strategically, we have restructured our Sustainability Advisory       and markets.
Committee, tapping industry expertise to work actively with our
Board to address imminent developments with the post COP26            In closing we have thrived during another challenging year,
cooperative agreements. The committee will focus on                   validating our strategic maneuvers with the resilience exhibited
incorporating TCFD and ISSB reporting frameworks, broadening          by our business model executed by a competent and cohesive
our stakeholder engagement around ESG issues, further                 team. I look forward to the next few years as we continue our
integrating our Net Zero 2035 Strategy and, importantly,              journey of growing beyond.
building climate resilience into our business model.


                                                                      George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
                                                                      Chief Executive Officer

                                                                      Link Asset Management Limited
                                                                      As Manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                      1 June 2022




10    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                              Overview | Board of Directors




Board of Directors
Link’s Board is responsible for preserving and increasing Unitholder value by
overseeing and appraising the Group’s strategy and performance. The Board
has an effective balance of diversity across nationality, gender and expertise.

Chairman                  Executive Directors




Nicholas Charles ALLEN    George Kwok Lung          NG Kok Siong
(also an Independent      HONGCHOY                  Chief Financial Officer
Non-Executive Director)   Chief Executive Officer


Non-Executive Director




Ian Keith GRIFFITHS


Independent Non-Executive Directors




Christopher John BROOKE   Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong        Jenny GU Jialin           Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen




Blair Chilton PICKERELL   Poh Lee TAN               Peter TSE Pak Wing        Nancy TSE Sau Ling




                                                                              Annual Report 2021/2022   11
Our Strategic Approach | Our Value Creation Process




Our Value Creation Process
Our Value Creation Model guides our decision making,
enabling us to better articulate the broadened impact of our initiatives.




1. Vision 2025
Guided by Vision 2025, we optimise portfolio                                Business
growth by integrating culture of excellence                                 partners
and visionary creativity across our business.




                Portfolio Growth
                •   Grow DPU
                •   Grow AUM
                •   Maintain ‘A’ credit ratings                     Investors
                •   Active portfolio management



                Culture of Excellence
                •   Minimise attrition rate of
                    high performing employees
                •   Attract and motivate market
                    leading talents                                                    Employees

                Visionary Creativity
                •   Tenant sales growth outperforms market
                •   Reduce energy usage
                •   Reduce organic waste to landfill
                •   Achieve Net Zero carbon emissions by 2035




12   Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                              Our Strategic Approach | Our Value Creation Process




                        WE       Link
                        P EO P L E TO A
                        BRIGHTER FUTURE



                        2. Business As Mutual
                        We operate with a Business as Mutual
                        mindset to ensure Link is an equal partner
                        with all stakeholders. We endeavour to
                        understand their needs and concerns,
                        identify areas of mutual concerns and
         NGOs           co-create solutions for the benefit of all
                        to create a sustainable ecosystem.




                        3. Creating Value
                        Our core strengths of Portfolio Management,
              Tenants
                        Capital Management and Asset Management
                        are dependent on our ability to preserve and
                        grow our six capitals. This approach enables
                        us to create shared value across the
                        ecosystem and help link all stakeholders
                        to a brighter future.


Communities




                         Financial           Portfolio               Talent




                          Natural            Social &             Innovation
                                           Relationship


                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022   13
Our Strategic Approach | Vision 2025 Update




Vision 2025 Update
                                                             Originating in Hong Kong and being the first REIT listed on HKEx in 2005,
                                                             Link made its first acquisitions in Hong Kong in 2011/2012, Nan Fung Plaza
     Portfolio                                               and Maritime Bay. In 2014/2015, we initiated our portfolio optimisation,

     Growth                                                  completing several rounds of non-core asset divestments. In 2015, we made
                                                             our entry into Mainland China, acquiring Link Plaza • ZGC in Beijing and Link
                                                             Square in Shanghai. Along this transformation journey, we continued to lower
         To achieve high single-                             our concentration risk by further strengthening our presence in Mainland China
         digit CAGR in AUM                                   tier one cities.
         while growing DPU                                   Over the past few years, we have actively grown our portfolio through prudent
         and maintaining strong                              diversification across three axes – asset class, geography and our role in the real
         credit ratings                                      estate investment value chain. While much of our resources and efforts over the
                                                             past two years were focused on managing and responding to the challenges of
                                                             COVID, we made remarkable progress during 2021/2022 in diversifying our
                                                             portfolio, preserving its long-term resilience and productivity. From April 2021 to
Link has a proven track record of                            May 2022, approximately HK$15 billion worth of real estate investment was
growing its portfolio both organically                       completed and another HK$11 billion of investment was announced,
and inorganically through active                             consisting of 17 assets spanning different geographies and asset classes.
portfolio management. The aim is
to provide our Unitholders with
steady returns and long-term
sustainable growth.


                                                             Three Axes of Portfolio Growth
                                                             Geography
                                                             Where to focus




                           Selected overseas markets




                        Mainland China top tier cities
                            & their surrounding delta area

                                                                     2005/2006                   2015/2016               2019/2020
                                                                     IPO of 180 Hong Kong        Venture into            First entry to
                                                                     retail assets               Mainland China          overseas markets
                                            Hong Kong




                                                                                                                         Role in Investment
                                                                                                                         Value Chain
                                                                         Ass           Dev            Join               How to invest
                                                                             et M         elop            t Ve
                                                                                 ana          men             ntu
                                         Retail                                     gem           t              re
                                                                                       ent


                             Car park


                        Office


            Logistics




         Asset Class
         What to focus on

14    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                           Our Strategic Approach | Vision 2025 Update




                                        Asset Class
                                        2021/2022 marked our entry into the logistics sector, making a limited scale and
                                        prudent investment in two logistics properties (75% interests) in Dongguan and
                                        Foshan in the GBA. Following this, in May 2022, we agreed on the acquisition of
                                        three logistics properties in Jiaxing and Changshu, key connecting points and
                                        Shanghai’s satellite cities. We believe logistics is an upward trending sector in
                                        Mainland China, underpinned by accelerated growth of e-commerce and
                                        reconfigured supply chain due to COVID, the government’s focus on increasing
                                        the middle income population and its efforts to transition towards a domestic
                                        consumption driven economic growth model.
                                        “Core” and “Core-plus” properties remain our investment focus and we will
Chai Wan Car Service Centre             continue to prudently pursue “Value-add” and “Opportunistic” investments for
A 4S full-service building              additional inorganic growth.
hosting Mercedes-Benz

                                        Geography
                                        We continue to hold a positive view on the long-term growth potential of Hong
                                        Kong, top tier cities and their surrounding delta areas in Mainland China and our
                                        four selected overseas markets. In addition to the aforementioned logistics
                                        properties, we added two more shopping malls (Happy Valley Shopping Mall in
                                        Guangzhou and 50% interest in Qibao Vanke Plaza in Shanghai) to the Mainland
                                        China portfolio. Two car park/car service centres and godown buildings were
                                        added to the Hong Kong portfolio, and the Australian property portfolio was
                                        expanded with two partial stake investments (50% interests in three retail assets
                                        in Sydney and 49.9% interests in a joint venture in a prime office portfolio in
                                        Sydney and Melbourne). Our investment in these three retail assets is expected to
                                        complete shortly.


Jiaxing Warehouse                       Entry point into the real estate value chain
Fully-leased to reputable third party
logistics and e-commerce players        Apart from our earlier joint venture to develop The Quayside in Kowloon East, our
                                        approach to portfolio management has largely been a “wholly-owned and
                                        managed model”. This provides us with key insights into stakeholder needs and
                                        expectations and control over day-to-day operations to maintain high service
                                        standards. However, the scalability of this approach, particularly for growing
Our Strategic Investment Partners
                                        beyond our current footprint and exposure is challenging, requiring significant
                                        lead time to either build or procure knowledge and experience. Promising
                                        investment opportunities do not wait. In 2021/2022, we embraced growth
                                        through co-ownership and partial stake investments to catalyse the development
                                        of our expertise and footprint in these areas by learning from others. We are
                                        careful in selecting which business partners to work with, preferring those with
                                        demonstrable experience and alignment with our own values and approach.
                                        While involvement in direct, day-to-day operations is reduced, we maintain
                                        budgetary control and are deeply involved in long-term strategic planning of how
                                        the assets will remain resilient and productive, generating returns for Unitholders.
                                        We will continue to assess a range of investment opportunities along these axes,
                                        striving to curate a diversified and productive portfolio that provides both growth
                                        and stability.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2021/2022      15
Our Strategic Approach | Vision 2025 Update




     Culture of
     Excellence
         Become the
         “Employer of Choice”




Successfully growing beyond
requires a strong talent pipeline and
leadership succession planning that
is aligned with our growth strategy
and direction.


During the year, we undertook an in-depth      The COVID pandemic has reminded us of the virtues of an agile and resilient
review of our competency framework to          mindset, but, more importantly, we need to be attuned to the changing
ensure our talent and leadership pipeline      expectations and preferences of our own talent pool. In response to evolving
possesses the qualities and attributes         talent expectations and to broaden Linkers’ horizon and exposure, we encourage
required for future business success.          mobility, in terms of where and how you work. Despite travel bans and
To complement and support our portfolio        lockdowns amid the pandemic, a number of Hong Kong employees from different
growth, we expanded our talent pipeline,       departments were assigned to Mainland China for short-term assignments or
recruiting from a diversity of backgrounds     extended business trips during 2021/2022.
with targeted skillsets, and                   Lastly, in 2021/2022, we made strides in upgrading and enhancing our
regional/international expertise.              headquarters office space to attain the same level of barrier free accessibility that
                                               is common across our portfolio. Diversity and inclusion are truly integrated
Organic growth of our talent pipeline
                                               throughout our business and operations.
focuses on developing leaders internally
by identifying and providing high-potential    To further enhance our organisational effectiveness, we rolled out an Enterprise
candidates with the required learning          Resource Planning (ERP) system this year. ERP is an integrated, cloud-based
opportunities and experience to accelerate     human resources management, procurement, and finance system, which
their career trajectories. Furthermore, this   provides standardisation and global consistency, enabling us to achieve better
year a record 18 recruits enrolled in our      internal control and corporate governance as we manage an increasingly diverse
Management Associate and Management            asset portfolio in different geographies. As part of the ERP rollout, we have been
Trainee programmes. These young talents        preparing for the launch of a new human resources management system which
will embark on an intensive two-year           will enhance both operational efficiency and employee experience by digitising
targeted development journey where they        manual processes.
will get exposure to various facets of the     Link was named one of the Best Companies to Work for in Asia for the second
business, preparing them to be an integral     consecutive year and received the WeCare certification at the HR Asia Best
component of our long-term success.            Companies to Work for in Asia Awards 2021. These awards respectively
                                               recognise the remarkable employee engagement and workplace excellence Link
                                               has shown and the care and empathy we have demonstrated to our employees.
                                               In addition, we also received five Stevie Awards in recognition of our innovative
                                               human resource initiatives and our swift and targeted responses to the pandemic
                                               with cross-departmental effort. These included two Gold Stevie Awards for Link’s
                                               innovative employee initiatives in driving a life-long learning culture and
                                               demonstrating the power of team collaboration, one Silver Stevie Award in the
                                               “Most Exemplary Employer” category, and a Silver Stevie Award and a Bronze
                                               Stevie Award in the “Most Valuable Corporate Response” category for the
                                               company’s COVID response, recognising our strong support to employees and
                                               the wider community during the pandemic.


16    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                                        Our Strategic Approach | Vision 2025 Update




   Visionary
   Creativity
          Placemaking
          through innovation




                                                      “If Hong Kong is unlucky, a direct hit at high tide by a
                                                      super typhoon (T10) e.g. “Unlucky Mangkhut”, can bring
                                                      storm tides of over 5m today. Kwun Tong & Kai Tak will
Creativity in finding ways to                         be flooded unless coastal defences are put in place.”
enhance resilience and improve
efficiency is just as important as                              Source: CWR, Lands Department & Planning Department of Hong Kong,
                                                                ESRI, IPCC’s AR6 Climate Change 2021:The Physical Science Basis         © China Water Risk 2022, all rights reserved
creativity in exploring new ideas.


As a long-standing contributor to various         Climate impacts are intensifying and accelerating, demanding “low-regret”(1)
international and industry climate working        transformative adaptation action. As the latest Intergovernmental Panel on
groups, we have been investigating,               Climate Change (IPCC) warned, multi-metre sea level rise by the end of this
assessing and mitigating the potential impact     century cannot be ruled out. This year, to strengthen our belief in the GBA’s
of climate change on our portfolio. We have       long-term growth potential, we commenced a local, detailed geospatial analysis
stress-tested the climate resilience of our       of coastal threats. Our GBA portfolio was stress tested against three “low-regret”
assets following 1.5°C and 2°C pathways,          scenarios that factored in both sea level rise according to the latest IPCC findings
using different methodologies such as MSCI’s      and potential storm surges.
Climate Value-at-Risk and EU-backed               Results of these “low-regret” stress-tests revealed:
Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor. Results          •     Around half of our GBA assets demonstrate strong resilience against coastal
from both approaches are favourable,                    flood risk, and day-to-day operations will likely be minimally affected even in
indicating that our asset portfolio has                 the 8m stress test.
relatively low exposure to physical and
                                                  •     Less than a fifth of our GBA assets, including our headquarters in Kwun Tong,
transition climate risks.
                                                        are exposed to storm tides of 6m.
While these results are promising, we are
                                                  •     Detailed property-specific vulnerabilities, enabling targeted allocation of
adamant that our climate resilience efforts
                                                        resources that can enhance and maximise portfolio storm tide resilience.
must not wane and that a deeper
understanding of climate exposures will lead      •     Potential red flag locations where current public infrastructure and
to better investment decisions. The GBA and             accessibility may be compromised by coastal flooding (sea level rise & storm
YRD are economically thriving locations with            tides), providing vital data to make climate-informed investment decisions.
high growth potential but are likely              These findings provide a firm baseline, against which to plan, track and allocate
susceptible to flood risks. How can we            further resilience improvements to build a climate-informed portfolio. Moving
capture the growth while minimising risks?        forward we will use these data as a foundation to catalyse transformative and
Prior to 2021/2022, most climate resilience       collaborative adaptation discussions with business partners and peers.
assessments, particularly for the Asia Pacific    In anticipation of more frequent and intense rainfall, we have begun installing
region, have incomplete or very little granular   remote moisture sensors that will trigger alerts at the very early onset of leaks or
data on flood risks, making detailed resilience   flooding. These sensors are located in high-risk areas such as electrical rooms,
planning difficult.                               elevator and escalator pits and along key pipes, enabling us to quickly pinpoint
                                                  water breaches to minimise damage and potential downtime. These form part of
                                                  our asset and region-specific climate risk management plans, which will future-
                                                  proof our portfolio from physical damage and operational disruption.
                                                  Note:
                                                  (1) To minimise maladaptation, IPCC recommends multi-sectoral, multi-actor and inclusive
                                                      planning with flexible pathways to encourage low-regret and timely actions that keep
                                                      options open when adapting to long-term climate change. The highest plausible worst-case
                                                      scenarios were thus used in the stress test to tease out such low-regret options.


                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022                       17
Our Strategic Approach | Megatrends




Megatrends
1. Changes in Policies and Regulations

  Mainland China is setting the tone for future development with       Connection to key capitals
  a series of new policies and regulations.
  In August 2021, Mainland China announced the pursuit of
  “Common Prosperity”, an initiative to stimulate income growth
  and balance wealth distribution across the country.
  To achieve this, policy changes facilitating better governance
  and more balance in the economy are being rolled out.                Financial          Portfolio         Social & Relationship
  These include the third-child policy, tightening of the
  residential property market and restrictions on the for-profit
  education industry.                                                  Implication for our business and our response
  These measures aim at fuelling economic growth as Mainland           •   We are closely monitoring the economic and political development
  China transitions away from a capital-intensive investment               in Mainland China.
  growth model towards a domestic, consumer-driven economy.            •   We aim to build and maintain a business model that addresses
  Growth opportunity is seen in both first-tier cities and                 the needs of public, in particular the emerging middle class. This is
  rural areas.                                                             in line with the Key Objective of Mainland China’s 14th five-year
  Current trends in Mainland China show maturing consumption               plan.
  preferences and increasing demand for tailored and diverse           •   We diversified our portfolio with our first venture into the logistics
  goods and services with higher quality. Service consumption is           industry in the GBA.
  emerging quickly, spurred by innovation in sectors such as
  culture, sports, and elderly care where there is significant         •   Our leasing strategy and tenant mix will incorporate brands that
  consumption potential.                                                   focus on upgraded consumption and providing service with due
                                                                           consideration of affordable products.
                                                                       •   Open communication with different stakeholders in the community
                                                                           including government officials, tenants, shoppers, and local
                                                                           communities have always been a priority and will remain so.



2. Geopolitical Tensions

  Social fractures and geopolitical tensions have been more            Connection to key capitals
  severe, and this potentially poses a long-term impact on Link’s
  investments and operations.
  US-China tension continues to simmer with little signs of
  alleviation. The Australia-UK-US security pact (AUKUS) was
  formed and vows for closer cooperation on nuclear-powered
  submarines and hypersonic weapons to counter the growing             Financial          Innovation        Social & Relationship
  military power of China. Doing business with Chinese and
  Western strategic sector enterprises, e.g. technology and
  semiconductor industries, has become increasingly challenging.       Implication for our business and our response
  The Russia-Ukraine war is having a tremendous impact on              •   Forex volatility and hedging costs will increase, as will commodity
  commodity prices. Continued rises in oil prices will create forex,       prices. We are monitoring the impact on Link’s operations,
  social and fiscal challenges for nations who are net importers,          especially our supply chains. We take proactive measures to
  increasing the risk of recession and financial crises.                   relieve tenants’ business pressure.
  Meanwhile, China is expanding its influence in developing            •   Prudent portfolio curation across our regional centres to maintain
  countries through vaccines, financial aid, and commitment to             business resilience.
  support green development, especially in belt and road
  countries. Developing countries may turn to China for financial,     •   Geopolitical tensions will make it more difficult to tackle common
  technological, and scientific support to thrive in the post-             global challenges, notably climate change. We are assessing
  pandemic world.                                                          regularly on the impact on Link’s portfolio and Net Zero Strategy
                                                                           as well.
                                                                       •   Regular training for Board and Senior Management on the external
                                                                           environment and emerging trends and investment opportunities.
                                                                       •   Regular review of our publications and ongoing communication
                                                                           with government officials, non-governmental think tanks, industry
                                                                           experts and regulators.
                                                                       •   Maintaining open and transparent dialogues with our stakeholders.




18   Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                                   Our Strategic Approach | Megatrends




3. Inflation

 Inflation has caused widespread uncertainty; as US inflation        Connection to key capitals
 has reached its highest in 40 years, COVID has also caused
 both supply and demand shocks with disrupted global supply
 chains, and growing business uncertainty.
 In the US, a 0.5% interest raise was announced in May 2022
 to a range of 0.75% to 1%, the biggest interest rate increase in
 more than two decades. The Hong Kong Monetary Authority
 also raised its base rate by 50 basis points to 1.25%, hours        Financial         Social & Relationship
 after the US Federal Reserve delivered a rate hike of the same
 margin. Australia noted a +0.25% rise in interest rate from         Implication for our business and our response
 0.1% to 0.35% in May 2022, marking its first rate rise in 11
 years. The UK also noted +0.25% raise (from 0.50% to 0.75%)         •   We considered four inflation scenarios and potential responses:
 in March 2022 and expects further raise shortly.                        1) Temporary and reversion to normal levels: Prepare for growth
                                                                            opportunities with related capital planning and diversify our
                                                                            supply chains and reliance;
                                                                         2) Medium inflation with slight growth and disruption to supply
                                                                            chains: Invest in growth and improve on performance;
                                                                         3) High inflation which induces higher wage expectations and
                                                                            lower consumer spending: Lower risks through economies of
                                                                            scale and execute hedging to mitigate rising borrowing costs;
                                                                            and
                                                                         4) Deflation but the supply chain disruption will be resolved:
                                                                            Differentiate offering and further enhance efficiency and
                                                                            savings.
                                                                     •   Link has put in place policies and procedures providing for
                                                                         consistent proactive monitoring and review of inflation implications
                                                                         for the industry and company to understand the dynamics of our
                                                                         business across our portfolio. The Audit and Risk Management
                                                                         Committee (ARMC) at Board level also put in place the governing
                                                                         structure to monitor these risks.


4. E-commerce

 In Hong Kong, e-commerce penetration accelerated from a low         Connection to key capitals
 base; fuelled by COVID restrictions, it accounted for 8% of total
 retail sales in 2021. However, physical retail demonstrated
 strong resilience as evidenced by each easing COVID-related
 restrictions, supported by Hong Kong’s retail convenience and
 proximity to living and work, and driven by high delivery costs.
 Against this backdrop, omni-channel offerings are emerging,
 ranging from a click-and-collect networks with lockers and          Financial         Innovation         Social & Relationship
 hybrid physical stores opening from online platforms.
 In Mainland China, e-commerce penetration is at relatively high     Implication for our business and our response
 level, online sales exceeded the traditional channels in 2021.
 To promote a sustainable e-commerce environment and                 •   Link’s retail portfolio is close proximity to shoppers, focus on fresh
 regulate monopolistic behaviours, the Chinese Government                food, daily needs and services, and broad range of F&Bs all
 has formulated “Antitrust Guidelines for the Platform Economy”          contribute to its attractiveness. In addition to consistently seeking
 in February 2021. The pandemic has led to the rapid                     to improve the offers in our centres, we are also enhancing
 advancement of another form of e-commerce, livestreaming.               shoppers’ experience with placemaking and are embracing
                                                                         omni-channel with, for example, the introduction of click-and-
 Nowadays, the use of livestreaming channels enable                      collect dark kitchens and retail stores that further enhance choice
 corporates to reach out potential shoppers without                      and variety in our centres.
 geographical restrictions, which speed up the development of
 logistics industry across the country and prompt the local          •   We diversified our portfolio with our first venture into the logistics
 government to invest in related infrastructure.                         industry in the GBA. We are assessing business opportunities in
                                                                         logistic industry across different regions.
 In Australia, e-commerce penetration is still relatively low for
 non-discretionary everyday needs categories. The return to
 traditional in store retail sales was swift after markets and
 geographies reopened from COVID lockdown and trading
 restrictions ceased. As in other markets, COVID accelerated
 online sales penetration, accounting for 12.7% of total retail
 sales in the country. However, a large amount of e-commerce
 sales are tied to a physical store for fulfilment or click-and-
 collect and online growth are seen as key to success by a
 number of retailers.

                                                                                                            Annual Report 2021/2022         19
Our Strategic Approach | Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks




Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks
Effective risk management plays an integral role in the overall achievement of Link’s
strategic objectives and ensures the sustainability of Link’s business in the long run.


The Board has ultimate responsibility for establishing,                             ownership, mirroring Link’s target operating model and requiring
maintaining and overseeing appropriate and effective risk                           each business and functional area to assume accountability for
management and internal control systems. Led by the Board,                          the ongoing identification, assessment and management of their
Link’s three lines of defence, as set out below, co-manage and                      existing and emerging risks. This empowers business units and
mitigate the risks associated with Link’s business. Procedures                      individual Linkers to monitor risk and execute defined mitigation
and control measures have been implemented, including the                           strategies when needed and supports senior management and
creation of a corporate risk register through which external                        the Board to identify business opportunities to innovate and/or
forces, strategic risks, operational risks, compliance and                          leverage innovative offering from our stakeholders for mutual
governance are assessed and calibrated according to severity of                     benefits.
impact and probability of occurrence. Top risks and the
                                                                                    Our comprehensive risk management processes are designed to
respective changes in risk momentum are monitored by the Risk
                                                                                    identify principal risks and to provide assurance that they are
Governance team, with the corresponding departments or
                                                                                    fully understood and managed within our risk appetite. The
functions as the risk owners.
                                                                                    management of risk is based on the balance between risk and
Our Risk Management 360 (RM360) framework outlines how                              reward, determined through a careful assessment of both the
Link organises and applies risk management practices to ensure                      likelihood and impact. Consideration is given to reputational,
that all activities are conducted in line with the principles and                   financial, social, and environmental impact, recognising the
limits mandated by our Risk Management Policy. The risk                             significant commercial value of Link’s brand.
management process is aligned to our strategy and each
                                                                                    Link’s internal audit department provides independent and
principal risk is considered in the context of how it relates to
                                                                                    objective assurance and advice on the adequacy and
the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives.
                                                                                    effectiveness of the risk management process. Key risk
RM360 is an integrated approach to managing current and                             management processes are audited to ensure control
emerging risks and opportunities, as well as assessing ESG                          improvement opportunities are timely identified and measures
materiality. It nurtures a culture of active risk and ESG                           are readily implemented.




                                                                       Three lines of defence


                                                                         Board of Directors

                                                                Audit and Risk Management Committee




                                                                                                                                                Communication and consultation
 Monitoring and review
                                             1st line                       2nd line                          3rd line
                                            of defence                     of defence                        of defence



                                           Operational                   Risk Governance                        Internal
                                           Management                     + Compliance                           Audit
                                      • Internal controls             • Compliance training            • Internal assurance
                                      • Control confirmation          • Compliance monitoring          • Investigation
                                      • Whistleblowing                • Risk monitoring
                                      • Risk register                   and reporting



                                                        Regulators            Trustee              External Audit




20                       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                            Our Strategic Approach | Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks




                                                      Connection to Key capitals


                                                      Financial    Portfolio    Talent       Natural   Social & Relationship   Innovation




Principal Risk 1                                      Potential Impacts
Asset Maintenance                                     •   Operational ineffectiveness

and Enhancement                                       •   Loss of community confidence
                                                      •   Financial loss

                                                      How Link is responding
                                                      •   Robust schedule planning and delivery of enhancement projects.
Inadequate maintenance of plant, property
                                                      •   Deploy predictive analytics of energy systems to anticipate, mitigate
and equipment or delay in enhancement
                                                          and minimise equipment downtime.
projects may result in unnecessary downtime
affecting tenant business operations or
customer experience.



Principal Risk 2                                      Potential Impacts
Business Integrity                                    •   Sanctions and increased compliance cost

and Compliance                                        •   Reputational damage

                                                      How Link is responding
                                                      •   Training on new or updated regulatory requirements.
                                                      •   Regular review and update of policies and procedures to ensure relevance
Occurrences of fraud, non-compliance and                  and effectiveness.
unlawful activities may affect Link’s ability to
                                                      •   Robust whistleblowing policy and procedure.
do business. As the business expands, Link
needs to be aware of geography-specific
legal and regulatory requirements.



Principal Risk 3                                      Potential Impacts
Climate, Health                                       •   Injury or death at Link’s properties

and Well-being                                        •   Loss of talent
                                                      •   Inability to sustain performance
                                                      •   Increased costs
                                                      •   Physical risks and transition risks associated with climate change
Providing a safe and healthy environment              •   Reputational damage
to employees, tenants, shoppers and the
community leads to sustainable                        How Link is responding
performance of Link.                                  •   Adoption of a series of measures to maintain a healthy and safe environment
There is also greater awareness and focus on              in Link’s properties and workplace.
reducing carbon emissions intensity to mitigate       •   Asset level assessment of exposure to physical and transition climate risks
climate change. This will likely manifest itself in       prioritisation of mitigation strategy and measures.
carbon pricing, trading and/or tariffs.
                                                      •   Ongoing monitoring of asset-level health and wellness performance.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022          21
Our Strategic Approach | Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks




Principal Risk 4                                 Potential Impacts
Corporate Reputation                             •   Reduced investment sentiment
                                                 •   Financial loss

                                                 How Link is responding
                                                 •   Established Stakeholder Engagement Policy to better understand
Misalignment with stakeholder expectations           stakeholders’ expectations and the implications for Link’s sustainable
of Link may result in negative impacts on            development.
Link’s brand value, relationships with
business partners, investor confidence
                                                 •   Developed Business as Mutual ethos to guide our operations and
and shoppers’ experiences.                           ensure we create value for those around us.




Principal Risk 5                                 Potential Impacts
Economic and                                     •   Reduced investor sentiment

Political Turmoil                                •   Instability of Link’s operations
                                                 •   Financial loss

                                                 How Link is responding
                                                 •   Continuous monitoring of key economic indicators and political climate.
Macroeconomic and financial volatility as        •   Robust due diligence and investment processes.
well as change of political landscape create
difficulties or uncertainties towards the        •   Dedicated asset managers overseeing performance of assets.
operating environment of Link and its tenants.   •   Maintaining direct and open dialogue to enhance transparency.




Principal Risk 6                                 Potential Impacts
Financial Stability                              •   Deterioration of credit rating
                                                 •   Constrained access to capital
                                                 •   Increased cost of funding
                                                 •   Inability to sustainable performance
Misalignment of existing strategies on
leasing activities, capital management and       How Link is responding
cost control may not allow Link to achieve       •   Finance and Investment Committee oversees key financial matters.
financial targets amid global economic           •   Apply prudent capital management strategy and maintain diversified
slowdown and challenging business                    sources of financing.
operating environment.
                                                 •   Tenant and trade mix strategies to cope with the needs of individual assets.
                                                 •   Direct and on-going engagement with existing and potential tenants.




22    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                      Our Strategic Approach | Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks




Principal Risk 7                                 Potential Impacts
Information Systems                              •   Compromised data integrity and Link’s operation

and Technology                                   •   Financial loss
                                                 •   Loss of community confidence

                                                 How Link is responding
                                                 •   Regular review and update of IT infrastructure.
As Link continues to expand, there will be
                                                 •   Regular test of Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plan.
increased risk of business disruption due
to inefficiencies in IT systems as well as       •   Periodic cybersecurity awareness training and exercises.
monitoring and mitigating the ever-changing
cyber-threats.



Principal Risk 8                                 Potential Impacts
Portfolio Management                             •   Reduced investor sentiment
                                                 •   Inability to sustainable performance

                                                 How Link is responding
                                                 •   Regular evaluation of investment strategies and decisions by Financial and
Fundamental assumptions and processes that           Investment Committee.
underpin investment and divestment strategies
                                                 •   Annual Board retreat to review direction and strategy.
are undermined which may hinder Link’s ability
to deliver on Vision 2025.



Principal Risk 9                                 Potential Impacts
Supply Chain                                     •   Disruption to Link’s operations and asset enhancement projects

and Procurement                                  •   Financial loss

                                                 How Link is responding
                                                 •   Established policy and procedures for procurement.
                                                 •   Ongoing monitoring of vendors’ performance.
Unanticipated service/good delivery lead
times or over-reliance on a specific vendor,
contractor or service provider may hinder
operation and service quality.



Principal Risk 10                                Potential Impacts
Talent                                           •   Reduced efficiency and productivity
                                                 •   Loss of corporate knowledge
                                                 •   Higher hiring and retention cost

                                                 How Link is responding
Failure to develop and retain an agile,
                                                 •   Remuneration and Nomination Committees oversee key talent and
aligned and high performing team of
                                                     remuneration matters.
Linkers may impede Link’s ability to grow.
                                                 •   Regular review of talent strategy including workforce planning, total reward
                                                     programme and learning and development initiatives to ensure competitiveness.


                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021/2022        23
Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Financial




                     Financial
We are adept at managing our portfolio efficiently. Promoting organic growth is crucial for
retaining earnings so we can weather risks amid market uncertainty. Prudent and effective
capital management helps preserve our financial capital and to support our strategic growth.


Key Performance Indicators



97.7%                                 5.4% 22.0%
                                                                                          (1)


Hong Kong Retail Occupancy            DPU Growth (YoY)           Gearing Ratio




Our Progress in the Past Year                                                The strong performance of our Hong Kong and Mainland China
                                                                             portfolios in 2021/2022 validates the effectiveness of our active
During the year, we made good progress on our Vision 2025
                                                                             asset management approach. Occupancy of our Hong Kong
initiatives and continued to deliver robust returns: DPU grew
                                                                             retail portfolio climbed to a high level of 97.7% despite the
5.4% YoY despite market volatility. We are particularly pleased
                                                                             difficulties of lease negotiations during the COVID pandemic.
by the exceptional organic growth delivered in this year under
                                                                             The Mainland China retail portfolio remained stable with overall
the challenging market environment.
                                                                             occupancy healthy at 92.3%(2). Our team signed over 660 new
We maintained our focus on active asset management and                       leases in the Hong Kong portfolio during the year. Reversion of
prudent capital management, enhancing the resilience of our                  Hong Kong retail portfolio returned to positive at 4.8% is a
income streams and ensuring that diverse funding options are                 testament to our efforts over the past several years to refine
available to support our strategic growth.                                   Link’s tenant mix, ensure portfolio productivity and growing our
                                                                             rental income steadily.
Asset Management
We have a team of dedicated local asset managers in Hong                     Capital Management
Kong and Mainland China to oversee our portfolio of assets. The              We maintain stringent capital management and maintain capital
team strives to achieve optimal performance and continually                  for deployment in order to deliver sustainable returns to our
seek synergies across the portfolio. Our active leasing strategy             Unitholders. Select developed markets will benefit from the
covers a range of activities including (1) tenant remixing, (2)              reopening of economies after the COVID lockdown. Against this
rental reviews against tenant performance and corresponding                  backdrop, during the year we prioritised maintenance of a
lease negotiations, and (3) tenant relationship management.                  healthy balance sheet and the shoring up our liquidity level to
Augmenting this is our holistic marketing approach which                     position ourselves well to capture acquisition opportunities.
reinforces our brand promise – We Link People to a Brighter
                                                                             Over the past year, Link remained diligent in sourcing financial
Future – by curating an enjoyable environment for our shoppers.
                                                                             capital from our debt investors at competitive costs securing
                                                                             liquidity and our balance sheet. We also signed several


Notes:
(1) After adjusting for the impact of the acquisition of 50% interests in a Sydney retail portfolio announced on 7 November 2021, the acquisition of
    49.9% interests in a joint venture that owns interests in 5 prime office properties in Sydney and Melbourne announced on 10 February 2022 and
    completed on 1 June 2022, the acquisition of three logistics properties in Mainland China announced on 12 May 2022, and the final distribution
    declared, the gearing ratio of Link as at 31 March 2022 will increase to 24.9%.
(2) Excluding Happy Valley Shopping Mall in Guangzhou.


24       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                   Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Financial




    Temple Mall North, Hong Kong




sustainability-linked loans, reaffirming our commitment to
sustainable finance while pursuing capital for responsible
long-term growth. As at year end 2021/2022, we possess
ample financial resources with HK$22.6 billion undrawn
committed facilities and HK$2.9 billion cash and bank balances.
Average borrowing costs remained low at 2.3% and debt
maturity averaged at 3.5 years.
We maintained strong credit ratings from three credit rating
agencies, which is important to ensure low and competitive cost
                                                                     Case Study:
of funding.
                                                                     Tenant Support Scheme
Looking Ahead
                                                                     The fifth wave of the pandemic brought
•    Active Asset Management for New Investments: Riding on          unprecedented challenges to Hong Kong. We are
     the improvement in leasing sentiment amid the post-             committed to working with our stakeholders to ride
     pandemic recovery, we will continue to implement our active     through these trying times and launched a tenant
     asset management approach in our new investments to             support scheme in the city since early February this
     drive further income growth and to promote business             year. The scheme was subsequently upsized to a
     continuity.                                                     total of around HK$220 million. With our Business
•    Prudent Capital Management to Support Growth: As we             as Mutual mindset, we extended support to the
     move into 2022/2023, we will remain prudent in allocating       tenants most in need with support measures such
     financial capital and making financing decisions to support     as concessions and other targeted relief measures
     the delivery of our Vision 2025                                 tailored on a case-by-case basis. We will continue
                                                                     to engage and work with our tenants to keep our
                                                                     community healthy and vibrant.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2021/2022       25
Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Portfolio




                   Portfolio
Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties and we believe a diversified portfolio
can strengthen our resilience by allowing us to profit from the distinct economic cycles of
different economies. Aside from Hong Kong and Mainland China, we are seeking opportunities
in Australia, Japan, Singapore, and the United Kingdom, all of which have transparent and liquid
markets, solid regulatory frameworks, and strong economic foundations.

Key Performance Indicators



7.5%
Total Assets Growth (YoY)
                                   17
                                   Property Investments
                                                                       3
                                                                       Asset Enhancement Projects Completed
                                                                       in Hong Kong and Mainland China




We recognise our fiduciary duty as a leading real estate               Ranging from asset acquisition, development, operation,
investor and manager to uphold the principles of responsible           enhancement to disposal, we strive to incorporate key
investment throughout our entire asset life cycle. We                  sustainability criteria into our decision-making and management
continuously seek to enhance the sustainability performance            actions so that we can future proof our portfolio against
of our assets via asset enhancement.                                   identified and anticipated risk exposures and maintain
                                                                       sustainable growth.
Our Progress in the Past Year                                          During pre-acquisition phases, we identify sustainability risks
                                                                       and opportunities and undertake preliminary assessments in
Portfolio Management                                                   accordance with our internal checklist of key investment
During the year, we announced investments in 17 assets across          matters. Necessary remediation action plans are included in the
Hong Kong, Mainland China and Australia. The acquisition of            approved business plan and budget for post-transaction
three logistics properties was announced in May 2022, bringing         implementation.
our total investments to HK$26 billion. 2021/2022 also marks
our first entry to the flourishing logistics sector; we believe this   Link CentralWalk Asset Enhancement
asset class is complementary to retail and can bring us stable         We completed asset enhancement of Link CentralWalk
growth and return. These acquisitions contribute to our goal to        in Shenzhen in early 2022. Following the asset enhancement,
develop a high quality and diversified portfolio that can weather      the property’s green area now spans more than 18,000 square
different business cycles and deliver long-term sustainable            metres with as many as 36 kinds of plants within the mall. The
returns for our unitholders. To maximise value creation, we will       total green coverage ratio has been significantly raised to
return capital to our unitholders via unit buyback, subject to         43.1%, providing a range of environmental benefits such as
market conditions and regulations.                                     enhancing site biodiversity, reducing heat island effects,
                                                                       minimising site precipitation runoff and improving microclimate.
Responsible Investment                                                 Through careful selection of plant species, we also reduced the
Our Board underpins the governance of our Responsible                  demand for irrigation, pesticides, and fertilisers, as well as the
Investment Policy. This year, we revamped our due diligence            burden of subsequent pruning and ongoing maintenance.
and approval procedures, and defined the roles and                     During the construction process, we procured building materials
responsibilities of various business units to further formalise
implementation and accountability.




26    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                      Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Portfolio




    Link CentralWalk, Shenzhen




which mitigate environmental, economic and social impacts:
ceramic tiles and steel were regionally produced and included
pre- and post-consumer recycled content. We also renovated
and reused existing ground stone paving materials to extend
infrastructure life cycle and reduce waste generation.
The large glass sunroof connects the interior of building with the
outdoor environment, reducing required energy use for lighting,
and improves thermal comfort for building users. We also
revamped the outdoor shared space to provide better                     Case Study:
accessibility and connectivity, adding new recreational facilities
and seating options. The revived space has become a social hub
                                                                        Acquisition of the Chai Wan Property
and comfortable outdoor oasis for the surrounding community.
                                                                        Our updated Responsible Investment policy was put
                                                                        to the test during the recent acquisition of the Chai
Looking Ahead                                                           Wan property. During the early stage of due
•    Strategic portfolio management: We will continue to remain         diligence, flood risk was identified as the primary
     prudent and selective in managing our portfolio, finding           physical climate risk due to its proximity to the
     suitable investment opportunities that will help diversify our     seafront. Different business units were brought into
     risks and drive inorganic growth.                                  the discussion to understand and evaluate the asset’s
                                                                        vulnerability, mitigation options, costs, and potential
•    Continued asset enhancements: Taking into consideration
                                                                        insurance risk prior to acquisition. The final investment
     asset age and condition, we will continue to strategically
                                                                        plan included flood mitigation measures, transfer of
     upgrade our assets to enhance sustainability
                                                                        risks upon completion of acquisition and identified
     and financial performance.
                                                                        required updates to standard operating procedures.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021/2022          27
Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Talent




                  Talent
Sustaining leadership growth and building our talent capacity will be crucial to our talent
management priorities as we continue to extend our portfolio growth trajectory and seize
expansion opportunities across our chosen markets.

Key Performance Indicators
over



26,310
Training Hours
                                                7
                                                Awards & Recognitions




Our Progress in the Past Year                                        We continue to expand our business presence in Mainland
                                                                     China and major developed markets to build a more diversified
To achieve greater organisational effectiveness, we established
                                                                     portfolio. Established in February 2020, our Shanghai regional
a group organisation structure which delineates regional
                                                                     centre is now in full operation.
operations from group functions. Group functions focus on
strategy, corporate policy and governance, while regional            With our growing footprint in Australia, we established our
centres focus on managing and executing the business plan.           regional office in Sydney in April 2022. This enables us to
                                                                     work more closely with local market practitioners, asset and
Strengthening our leadership bench strength and capacity for
                                                                     investment managers as well as the operators who currently
the future at group and regional levels is an integral part of
                                                                     manage our properties in Australia. We are therefore now
our business strategy to diversify our portfolio mix and assure
                                                                     able to better serve the needs of our stakeholders and the
our sustainable growth. This is achieved through strategic
                                                                     broader community.
hires, as well as leveraging Link’s deep bench strength.
We have successfully made several senior hires at group level        We reviewed our HR policies to better meet Link’s
and in regional centres. Greg Chubb was appointed as Chief           organisational and employee needs. Staff benefits were
Operating Officer – International expanding our strategic and        enhanced to ensure our total reward remains competitive. We
business presence in international markets. Ronald Tham was          also looked after employees’ mental well-being. Throughout the
appointed as Chief Corporate Development Officer and is              year, workshops on stress management, mindfulness, parenting
responsible for the group’s corporate development, mergers and       tips, traditional Chinese medicine and mindfulness drawing
acquisitions, corporate finance and capital transactions, to         sessions were held to promote lifestyles of health and
strengthen our transaction management process as we review           sustainability as well as to empower employees to better cope
an increasing number of opportunities with greater complexity.       with this unprecedented pandemic.
Kenny Lam was appointed as Chief Investment Officer                  We value employees’ feedback to make Link a better place
(Strategic Investment) and is responsible for strategic              to work. We conducted an Employee Engagement Survey in
investment, mergers and acquisitions and portfolio                   May 2021, with an 87% response rate. Three focus groups
management, to diversify our investment portfolio across asset       were held afterwards to enrich results revealed from the survey.
classes and markets. A full-fledged local leadership team for the    We reviewed the findings and have been acting on
Mainland China regional centre was built, including the recent       employees’ feedback in the areas of workplace, policies
hiring of Haiqun Zhu as Managing Director – Mainland China, to       and employee engagement.
expedite our growth plan in Mainland China. Several senior hires
were also made to strengthen our leadership capabilities in retail
and office portfolio operations, asset management and our
growing logistics portfolio.


28    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                    Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Talent




    Link's Dragon Boat Team in competition




Looking Ahead
•    Talent management: As Link grows beyond, we will continue to strengthen our
     talent management through the expansion of our talent pipeline, arming our
     employees with the right skillsets, and growing future leaders. Link will continue
     to serve as a dynamic and supportive platform to empower our employees to
     succeed to the best of their ability and reach for a brighter future together.




       Case Study:
       Employee engagement and COVID support to employees

       The most recent wave of COVID has impacted both Hong                issued regular COVID updates and set up a COVID
       Kong and Mainland China since the second half of                    information sharing community on our online Yammer
       2021/2022. Our robust crisis planning processes helped              platform for employees to exchange up-to-date
       us manage through the pandemic, while maintaining                   information on the pandemic. To better support our
       business continuity. Our strategic decision several years           frontline employees, who continued to perform their jobs
       ago to equip employees with the needed technology to                onsite, ensuring our properties remained healthy places
       work remotely, allowed us to be agile and maintain                  for communities, we provided the necessary protective
       business continuity as social distancing measures                   equipment and a lunch subsidy for them. While Shanghai
       evolved.                                                            and Shenzhen were in lockdown and stringent COVID
       We demonstrated our unwavering commitment to                        protection measures were imposed in Beijing and
       safeguard our employees’ physical, mental health and                Guangzhou, to express our care and support to our
       well-being through prompt implementation of a range of              employees there and their families, we continually
       initiatives, including flexible work arrangements, and a            checked in with them to look after their physical health
       cash subsidy to all our Hong Kong and Mainland                      and mental well-being. We also leveraged our
       China employees to support their household needs. We                e-commerce channel to deliver household necessities to
                                                                           individual employees.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022    29
Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Natural




                     Natural
Our business operates within the natural environment and can only be sustainable when
it supports a healthy planet. We prioritise reducing our negative footprint, contributing to
positive impacts, managing risks and building resilience. Our key environmental focus areas
are Climate and Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Green Buildings and Resource Management.

Net Zero Carbon Emissions by 2035 – Two Interim Targets by 2025/2026



-5%
Electricity Intensity
                                       -25%
                                       Carbon Emissions Intensity




Our Progress in the Past Year                                                    Resource Management
                                                                                 We continued to expand our collaboration with the recycling
Climate and Greenhouse Gas Emissions
                                                                                 network in Hong Kong, working with business partners, NGOs,
In 2021/2022, we made progress towards achieving our                             technology providers and downstream recycling companies to
commitment to reach Net Zero by 2035, reducing our electricity                   further expand waste reduction and diversion. We upsized our
and carbon emissions intensity by 0.6% and 15.1% compared                        existing waste diversion programmes this year, engaging with
with our 2018/2019 baseline. Our newly expanded solar panel                      tenants in Hong Kong to jointly deliver organic waste to the
installation roadmap across 47 Link properties will have an                      government’s O·Park waste-to-energy facility, collected surplus
installed capacity of 3.7 MWp, and is expected to generate                       food for donation and increased plastics and glass bottle
3,500 MWh of renewable energy annually. We are on track to                       recycling. To reduce single-use plastics and lessen their impact
complete this project by 2023/2024, it will be one of the largest                on the environment, Link launched the “Bid Farewell to Plastic
solar energy generation projects in Hong Kong when complete.                     Umbrella Bags” campaign, becoming the first mall operator in
                                                                                 Hong Kong to announce a complete ban on the use of plastic
Green Buildings                                                                  umbrella bags. We have ceased distribution of single-use
                                                                                 plastics umbrella bags since February 2022 across our 75
We advanced our efforts to obtain further green building
                                                                                 shopping centres in Hong Kong, striving to reduce waste at
certification for our properties, reaching 86.5% coverage by GFA
                                                                                 source.
across our portfolio(1). On top of our noteworthy achievement in
obtaining LEED and SITES Platinum precertification as well as
WELL Health-Safety Rating for our Link CentralWalk’s asset                       Value Chain Engagement
enhancement project, we were a major participant of Hong                         To facilitate the development of sustainable retail, we updated
Kong’s BEAM Plus Existing Buildings V2.0 Selective Scheme                        both our Fit-out Handbook and Management Rules & Regulations
(Energy Use), successfully attaining a “Good” rating for 12 of our               for tenants with green recommendations, ranging from
Hong Kong properties in 2021/2022.                                               prioritising the use of sustainable materials and products in
                                                                                 fit-out to green operating measures such as energy savings and
                                                                                 responsible waste handling.



Note:
(1) Green building certification includes environmental, health and well-being-related building certification schemes.
    Portfolio includes retail, office and logistics properties, but excludes retail <40,000 sq ft by IFA and car park properties.
    Newly acquired/developed assets without green building certification are excluded from calculation for up to 24 months.


30      Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                             Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Natural




    Yiu On Shopping Centre, Hong Kong




Looking Ahead                                                            collaboration between internal business units and external
                                                                         partners. As quick win sustainability solutions are
•    Upgraded Targets: To further integrate environmental
                                                                         exhausted, we will need to transform current processes by
     responsibility into our business decisions and processes,
                                                                         upscaling existing initiatives and embarking on innovative
     and to embed them into our daily operations, we reviewed
                                                                         pilots to realise further efficiency improvements across our
     our environmental performance and upgraded our targets
                                                                         portfolio.
     including establishing a waste recovery/recycling target of
     50% by 2035 and committing to align our Net Zero Strategy           A key challenge will be how to streamline the collection
     using SBTi Net Zero Standard.                                       and analysis of robust ESG data across our value chain,
                                                                         particularly as we grow across geographies and asset
•    Business Process Transformation: Achieving these targets
                                                                         classes, and in response to expected tightening of
     and realising true integration will require deeper
                                                                         ESG reporting and regulatory requirements.




      Case Study:
      Styrofoam Box Recycling

      A unique challenge we faced first hand in 2021/2022 was         local NGOs,
      the impact of value chain disruption, specifically for          downstream recyclers,
      recyclable materials. Hong Kong has limited capacity for        and technology
      processing recyclable materials, and most are transported       providers to collectively
      to Mainland China for proper treatment. At the onset of the     invest resources and
      fifth wave of COVID in Hong Kong, traffic between Hong          manpower to rapidly upscale
      Kong and Mainland China was disrupted. Expanded                 the city’s Styrofoam handling
      polystyrene boxes – commonly known as Styrofoam – used          capacity. At the end of March, within a month of operation,
      to transport vegetables to fresh markets, began to pile up      we achieved a recycling rate of nearly 60% for fresh market
      around our properties creating a visual nuisance and            Styrofoam boxes, preventing over 59,000 boxes from
      potential fire hazard. Instead of disposing at the local        entering landfill or escaping into the environment. The
      landfill, we were committed to finding a better                 recycled Styrofoam will be used as raw material for
      and more responsible solution.                                  production of new plastic products such as coat hangers or
                                                                      garden furniture. We will continue these efforts in the coming
      We engaged with stakeholders within the ecosystem
                                                                      year and target to increase the recycling rate further.
      including fresh market stall operators, cleaning contractors,


                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022        31
Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Social & Relationship




                   Social & Relationship
A critical part of our vision is to serve and improve the lives of those around us. The Business
as Mutual mindset permeates our business. We focus on engagement and co-creation
with our stakeholders: providing sustainable environment for tenants and customers,
ensuring a responsible supply chain, and supporting and uplifting local communities.

Key Performance Indicators



~220
Tenant Support Scheme (HK$ million)
                                                           13.1%
                                                           Hong Kong Retail
                                                           Overall Rent-to-Sales Ratio




Our Progress in the Past Year                                           Link Together Initiatives continued to support eight community
                                                                        projects and 220 students under the Link University
Supporting our Tenants                                                  Scholarship, a total funding of HK$15.5 million was committed
                                                                        over the year. To further engage our community in placemaking,
We supported our tenants in Hong Kong during the fifth wave
                                                                        we invited landscape architecture students from Hong Kong
of COVID by offering rental relief and stepping up our hygiene
                                                                        Design Institute to join the Lok Wah South Car Park rooftop
and anti-pandemic measures. Recognising F&B tenants were
                                                                        placemaking competition under our “Project Together” initiative.
among the most severely impacted during the pandemic, our
                                                                        Together with our working partners such as consultants and
Link Tenant Support Scheme distributed over HK$13 million
                                                                        contractors, we aimed to enhance the facilities as a social hub
worth of F&B coupons to shoppers via various programmes to
                                                                        and to create uplifting spaces for the community to enjoy and
support our tenants’ businesses. Free gifts and parking were
                                                                        thrive in.
also offered to drive take-away business during the pandemic.
To maintain space for tenants to operate and thrive, the overall
rent-to-sales ratio of Hong Kong retail portfolio remained at           Looking Ahead
13.1%, signifying Link’s retail space is still relatively affordable
                                                                        •   Mainstream Business as Mutual: Looking ahead, we expect
to them.
                                                                            Business as Mutual will become the new norm. We seek to
                                                                            lead these efforts by growing collaboration through our
Uplifting Local Communities                                                 ecosystem of stakeholders, from our capital providers,
In view of the large number of citizens quarantined at home and             supply chain, tenants to shoppers.
who needed food delivery support at the peak of the fifth wave          •   Strategic Engagement and Responsible Investment: To
of the pandemic, we acted swiftly to work with community                    ensure our business evolves in a way that aligns with our
leaders and resident groups to identify 2,500 families who had              stakeholders’ expectations and needs, we established a
urgent needs and to deliver food and grocery packs.                         Stakeholder Engagement Policy to guide and govern how
Link has made extensive efforts to engage the local community.              we engage with different stakeholders. As our business
In August 2021, we organised a cross-district cycling                       expands regionally and internationally, we will leverage the
event, “Tour de Link”, in six malls with nearly 6,000 participants.         rollout of our new sustainable investment criteria and
In September 2021, Link and the Civil Service Bureau launched               processes to become a global leading ESG investor and
the Outreach Vaccination Service at Lok Fu Place to encourage               asset manager.
more people to get vaccinated. Both received very positive
responses from our stakeholders.




32    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                           Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Social & Relationship




Design competition was organised to prepare for
a makeover of the rooftop of Lok Wah South Car Park




  Case Study:
  Local Employment

  In 2021, Hong Kong’s poverty rate reached a 12-year high,      security, property
  with nearly 25% of citizens living below the poverty line.     management and
  This is unacceptable for a world class city.                   housekeeping
  We adhere to the conviction that no company can operate        contractors to hire
  in a society that fails. To combat this, we have committed     qualified candidates living below the poverty line that were
                                                                 identified by NGOs. A key criterion is that these candidates
  HK$105 million in community development through our
  Link Together Initiatives since 2013.                          should also live in the same district as the employment
                                                                 opportunity to reduce commuting time and costs thereby
  Our ongoing dialogue with community NGOs and business          enhancing quality of life as well. To increase our own
  partners unveiled a key mismatch in the labour market.         accountability, we set a local employment hiring target as
  Many NGOs provide job training classes, but they lack          part of our latest sustainability-linked finance transaction.
  job placements for their beneficiaries. On the other hand,
                                                                 We started the local employment hiring in March and have
  employers across industries are suffering from labour
  shortages but they do not know how to find job seekers         already successfully arranged initial job placements and
  supported by the NGOs.                                         the scheme has gained support from our tenants as well.
                                                                 Moving forward, we hope to create a self-sustaining
  Driven by our Business as Mutual mindset, we investigated
  how our platform of properties, tenants, NGOs and              ecosystem with NGOs, our contractors, tenants and other
  communities can help alleviate poverty. An idea that came      interested parties, so that we can all collaborate to provide
                                                                 diversified job opportunities to those in need, and better
  out of this was the Local Employment Initiative to promote
  upward social mobility. We began by encouraging our            enhance their upward social mobility in the long run.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021/2022       33
Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Innovation




                   Innovation
Our ability to evolve to meet and overcome the challenges of the new market landscape has
enabled our success so far. We support innovation within the business and externally by piloting
emerging technologies and supporting start-ups. We also encourage innovation in thought by
being open-minded to new ways of doing business.

Key Performance Indicators




                                                                       127
Launched

Sustainable Finance
Framework                                                              properties have implemented
                                                                       FMIT solutions in Hong Kong




Our Progress in the Past Year                                          Facilities Management Information
                                                                       Technology (FMIT)
Internal Innovation
                                                                       During the year, we developed and launched the FMIT
We launched an innovative Sustainable Finance Framework,
                                                                       programme to improve various aspects of property
requiring all future sustainability-linked finance transactions to
                                                                       management and maintenance; better budget control by
include KPIs in each of the environment, social and governance
                                                                       reducing unplanned maintenance, inventory and asset
areas. This ensures that our financing supports corporate
                                                                       management, tracking and reporting of work orders, workflow
targets that balance environmental, social, governance and
                                                                       improvement to standardise best practice and better contractor
prosperity considerations in a way that enables Link to grow
                                                                       performance management.
responsibly.
                                                                       Initial results have been promising, after full implementation
Utilising Innovative Technologies                                      across all our properties from April 2022. We have observed a
                                                                       nearly 30% improvement in response time for repair and
A key climate risk across our portfolio is increased torrential rain   maintenance work orders and better utilisation and planning of
and associated floods. To adapt to these risks, we deployed IoT        manpower. We have also seen streamlining of crucial property
solutions to better manage our properties against water leakage        management functions including site safety, housekeeping and
and flooding events and enhance operational efficiency. Remote         security.
moisture sensors are installed near major facilities such as
rooftop chiller plants and escalator pits, and above-floor
drainage points to alert over-flow conditions for timely handling,     Looking Ahead
to lessen the impact on building occupants and shoppers and to         •   Expand Collaboration: The urgency of the climate crisis and
reduce insurance claims. This year, we piloted these solutions in          other escalating environmental and social problems will
our TKO Gateway and TKO Spot retail malls in Hong Kong and                 require solutions beyond business as usual. We must work
will target further rollout across more sites after assessing              together with stakeholders within the ecosystem to seek
performance.                                                               solutions, to support technological breakthroughs and
                                                                           scaling, as well as to evolve business processes to become
                                                                           more sustainable.
                                                                       •   Review Net Zero Roadmap and Opportunities: Rethink/
                                                                           re-examine/explore how decarbonisation activities and
                                                                           new technologies will impact our portfolio and create
                                                                           new opportunities.



34    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                     Performance and Outlook Across Our Capitals | Innovation




                          80 kWp solar PV array


                                                                       Upgraded sports facilities to
                                                                         promote active lifestyle




                                                                                                  Partnership with tenants
                                                                                               to create vibrant communities




Together with our anchor tenant, we revitalised open space
at TKO Spot and provide facilities for the community to enjoy




  Case Study:
  Sustainable Finance

  While sustainable finance is not new, our latest                our experience can raise the bar for continuous
  sustainability-linked loan highlights how innovative thinking   improvement in the real estate industry.
  can be applied to grow beyond business as usual. Driven
                                                                  Governance: Our target is to upgrade/validate our Net Zero
  by Business as Mutual, we deliberately set up performance
                                                                  target against a global standard such as SBTi Net Zero
  targets that require collaboration with our value-chain
                                                                  Standard, which requires us to drastically reduce Scope 3
  stakeholders, such as the upward social mobility target.
                                                                  emissions with minimal carbon offset. Achieving this target
  Doing so expands the impact of our sustainability initiatives
                                                                  requires us to create strategies to engage our up-stream
  and brings our business partners along with us on this
                                                                  and down-stream stakeholders to improve our
  crucial journey.
                                                                  environmental performance together.
  Environment: We have set a target to develop and sign
                                                                  Instead of picking targets entirely within our operational
  green leases with our tenants. In Hong Kong and Mainland
                                                                  control, we choose to embark on an ambitious and
  China, it is still uncommon to set out legally binding lease
                                                                  challenging journey that requires us to engage our
  terms that stipulate green obligations for landlords and
                                                                  stakeholders to achieve common sustainability goals. As of
  tenants. This green lease target requires us to closely work
                                                                  31 March 2022, 37% of our facilities were sustainability-
  with our tenants and business partners in devising a
                                                                  linked. We aim beyond doing good ourselves by inspiring
  green lease that is practical and effective in enhancing
                                                                  like-minded businesses and partners to contribute to
  environmental performance of all parties. We hope that
                                                                  continuous improvement in the industry and the
                                                                  community.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021/2022      35
Operational Highlights | Hong Kong Portfolio




Operational Highlights

China
Hong Kong Portfolio




Our portfolio in Hong Kong
comprises primarily retail and car
park facilities attached/adjacent to
public residential developments.

The shopping malls offer daily necessities
and essential services to the general public.
Parking services are made available to
shoppers visiting our malls and residents of
the surrounding estates. These assets are a
part of Hong Kong’s consumption
infrastructure with resilient revenue
streams, underpinning our financial strength
amid uncertainty. The Quayside, a joint
venture office building in Kowloon East, and
two car park/car service centres and
godown buildings in Hung Hom and Chai
Wan provide additional growth avenues.
The Hong Kong portfolio showed
encouraging results early in the financial
year with the COVID recovery well
underway. The fifth wave of COVID
emerged in late January 2022, leading to         Retail
the implementation of stringent social           •   As at the financial year end, occupancy reached a high level of 97.7%,
distancing measures. Our tenants                     even under the fifth wave of COVID. This shows the resilience of our
experienced different degrees of disruption,         non-discretionary focused retail properties and the role they play in
some having to suspend their operations              the lives of local communities.
temporarily. Despite this, our tenants have
                                                 •   Despite the challenges in lease negotiation brought about by the fifth wave of
demonstrated agility and resilience in
                                                     COVID, over 660 new leases were signed in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong
combating COVID. Our consistent
                                                     overall average reversion rate improved to 4.8%. Average unit rent edged up
engagement with tenants and active asset
                                                     slightly to HK$62.7 per square foot (psf).
management helped retain tenants and
maintain the overall rental collection rate at   •   Robust year-on-year tenant sales recovery was supported by strong local
a strong level of 98% for the reporting year.        consumption until the beginning of 2022. Link’s tenants experienced a
Total retail revenue improved by 2.7%. The           relatively small degree of disruption during the year and as a result,
total car park and related business revenue          a stable 7.8% year-on-year growth in tenant gross sales psf was achieved,
improved by 13.2% year-on-year.                      outperforming Hong Kong average. Overall rent-to-sales ratio stayed at the
                                                     healthy level of 13.1%.




36    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                Operational Highlights | Hong Kong Portfolio




                                          •    In response to the fifth wave of COVID, Link has provided rental concessions
                                               to tenants in sectors required to close for business under the government’s
                                               epidemic control measures. We were among the first businesses in Hong
                                               Kong to announce a HK$120 million scheme to help alleviate tenants’
                                               financial burdens. The scheme was then upsized to around HK$220 million.
                                               A range of support measures were offered on a case-by-case basis, including
                                               rent reductions, grant of rent-free periods, allowing rent payment by
                                               instalments and late payments interest charges and service charges waiver.
                                               In addition, we have been working closely with tenants on a variety of
                                               additional initiatives to provide flexibility, such as lease restructuring.
                                               Record-high occupancy levels achieved during the year helped to partially
                                               offset the spending on the tenant support scheme. We will continue to assess
                                               epidemic developments and will remain flexible to help our tenants cope with
                                               these challenges.
                                          •    With the strong support provided to our tenants, no major rental arrears were
                                               recorded. Our rental income stream is well buffered against market
Non-discretionary offering:
                                               fluctuations due to a diverse tenant base, with the top 20 tenants accounting
Tsz Wan Shan Market
                                               for around 40% of the total retail revenue. The government has also offered
Busy fresh market in the early
afternoon even on a typical weekday            a new round of consumption vouchers of HK$10,000 and an Employment
                                               Support Scheme, to eligible individuals and employers, respectively. We
                                               expect the consumption voucher scheme to be an effective tool to boost
                                               leasing sentiment and local consumption. We are confident that this round of
                                               support measures, coupled with relaxation in social distancing measures,
                                               will lead to an encouraging post-pandemic recovery. Similar to 2020,
                                               given our financial health and the challenges the government is addressing,
                                               we have not applied for the Employment Support Scheme.



                                          Revenue Breakdown
                                                                              Year ended           Year ended       Year-on-year



97.7%
                                                                           31 March 2022        31 March 2021            change
                                                                                  HK$’M                HK$’M                  %

                                          Retail rental:
Retail average occupancy                      Shops(1)                               4,919                4,881                0.8
                                              Markets/Cooked Food Stalls               977                  954                2.4



+0.5%
                                              Education/Welfare and
                                                                                       141                  140                0.7
                                                Ancillary
                                              Mall Merchandising                       186                  184                1.1
Average unit rent per square foot (YoY)   Expenses recovery and other
                                                                                       866                  741               16.9
                                            miscellaneous revenue(2)



13.1%
                                          Total retail revenue                       7,089                6,900                2.7


                                          Notes:
Overall rent-to-sales ratio               (1) Rental from shops included base rent of HK$4,830 million (2021: HK$4,826 million)
                                              and turnover rent of HK$89 million (2021: HK$55 million).
                                          (2) Other miscellaneous revenue includes management fees, air conditioning service fees,
                                              promotion levies and miscellaneous revenue.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021/2022          37
Operational Highlights | Hong Kong Portfolio




Operational Statistics
                                                      Occupancy rate                               Reversion rate                    % of total area(1)

                                                     As at                  As at           Year ended             Year ended                   As at
                                                 31 March               31 March              31 March               31 March               31 March
                                                     2022                   2021                  2022                   2021                   2022
                                                        %                      %                    %                      %                       %

Shops                                                    98.1                 97.0                   2.9                   (5.8)                 84.0

Markets/Cooked Food Stalls                               95.2                 94.4                  19.0                  18.2                     9.2

Education/Welfare and Ancillary                          97.0                 98.4                   6.7                    5.3                    6.8

Total                                                    97.7                 96.8                   4.8                   (1.8)                100.0

Note:
(1) Total excluding self-use office.



Tenant Retail Gross Sales Growth and Rent-to-sales Ratio
(Year ended 31 March 2022)
                                                                Tenant retail gross sales growth psf                           Rent-to-sales ratio(1)
Trade                                                                                             %                                               %

Food and Beverage                                                                                16.6                                            14.6

Supermarket and Foodstuff                                                                         (2.3)                                          10.7

General Retail   (2)
                                                                                                 10.3                                            14.4

Overall                                                                                            7.8                                           13.1

Notes:
(1) A ratio of base rent (excluding management fee) to tenant retail gross sales psf.
(2) Including clothing and accessories, department stores, electrical and household products, personal care/medicine, optical, books and stationery,
    newspapers, valuable goods, services, leisure and entertainment, and retail others.



Portfolio Breakdown
                                                Retail
                            No. of           property               Retail
                        properties           valuation             rentals      Average monthly unit rent(1)                Occupancy rate

                             As at               As at          Year ended             As at             As at              As at               As at
                         31 March            31 March             31 March         31 March          31 March           31 March            31 March
                             2022                2022                 2022             2022              2021               2022                2021
                                               HK$’M                HK$’M           HK$ psf           HK$ psf                  %                   %

Properties

Destination                        6           26,436               1,225               76.5               79.3               97.7               94.0

Community                        35            67,364               3,514               69.7               69.2               98.2               97.6

Neighbourhood                    57            29,078               1,484               45.5               44.6               97.1               97.2

Total                            98          122,878                6,223               62.7               62.4               97.7               96.8

Note:
(1) Average monthly unit rent represents the average base rent (excluding management fee) per month psf of leased area.




38       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                                                               Operational Highlights | Hong Kong Portfolio




Lease Expiry Profile
(As at 31 March 2022)


                                                                                                                31.4
     2022/2023
                                                                                                                       34.1


                                                                                              26.2
     2023/2024
                                                                                                      28.5


    2024/2025                                                                                                      33.0
    and Beyond                                                                                         29.6


Short-term Lease                                9.4
    and Vacancy                           7.8


               % 0                 5                  10             15            20            25              30            35          40
                        % of total area                      % of monthly rent
                                                                             (1)




Note:
(1) Refers to base rent (excluding management fee).




Trade Mix
(As at 31 March 2022)


             15.4%
                                                                                                      22.3%
                                                                          27.9%                                                                          29.5%
     0.7%
    1.0%
  5.4%

                                                                                             0.4%

                             By monthly rent           (1)
                                                                                                                              By leased area
                                                                                             6.8%
10.7%

                                                                                                3.8%



                                                                     22.1%                              10.6%                                         17.6%
              16.8%
                                                                                                                                    9.0%


    Food and Beverage               Supermarket and Foodstuff                      Markets/Cooked Food Stalls           Services

    Personal Care/Medicine          Education/Welfare and Ancillary                Valuable Goods (Jewellery,           Others(2)
                                                                                   watches and clocks)


Notes:
(1) Refers to base rent (excluding management fee).
(2) Others include clothing and accessories, department stores, electrical and household products, optical, books and stationery, newspapers, leisure
    and entertainment.




                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2021/2022   39
Operational Highlights | Hong Kong Portfolio




                                               Car Park and Related Business
                                               •    Notwithstanding the negative impact of the fifth wave of COVID on shopping
                                                    mall footfall, car park performance remained steady and resilient. During the
                                                    year, monthly car park ticket sales remained stable while hourly car park usage
                                                    improved significantly as more shoppers drove rather than took public
                                                    transportation.
                                               •    On 31 December 2021, the acquisition of two car park/car service centres and
                                                    godown buildings in Hung Hom and Chai Wan was completed. This
                                                    investment brought us three months of rental revenue amounting to HK$52
                                                    million during the year. We have secured a sale and long-term leasing
                                                    arrangement with the seller, with an embedded 4% yearly rental escalation,
                                                    providing stable income growth. As at the financial year end, both properties
Hung Hom Car Service Centre                         were fully let to Zung Fu Company Limited, the exclusive car dealer of
A 13-storey 4S full-service building                Mercedes-Benz in Hong Kong and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jardine
hosting Mercedes-Benz’s showroom,
                                                    Matheson.
car servicing and repair workshops
                                               •    Including new contributions from the above mentioned investments, revenue
                                                    from car park and related business recorded a 13.2% year-on-year growth. Car
                                                    park income per space per month surged by 10.4% year-on-year to HK$3,064.
                                               •    As at 31 March 2022, average car park valuation per space was approximately
                                                    HK$607,000, increased by 8.8% year-on-year.




13.2%
                                               Revenue Breakdown
                                                                                        Year ended      Year ended        Year-on-year
                                                                                     31 March 2022   31 March 2021             change
                                                                                            HK$’M           HK$’M                   %
Revenue growth (YoY)
                                               Rental income:



8.8%
Average car park valuation per space (YoY)
                                                   Monthly car park

                                                   Hourly car park

                                                   Car park related business   (1)
                                                                                             1,517

                                                                                              561

                                                                                               52
                                                                                                                1,432

                                                                                                                  451

                                                                                                                     –
                                                                                                                                     5.9

                                                                                                                                    24.4

                                                                                                                                     N/A

                                               Expense recovery and other
                                                                                                8                    5              60.0
                                                 miscellaneous revenue

                                               Total car park and related
                                                                                             2,138              1,888               13.2
                                                 business revenue

                                               Note:
                                               (1) Refers to contributions from two car park/car service centres and godown buildings in
                                                   Hung Hom and Chai Wan.




40    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                      Operational Highlights | Hong Kong Portfolio




                                                   Office
                                                   •   We improved the committed occupancy rate of our joint venture office
                                                       building, The Quayside, to 96.6% as of 17 May 2022.
                                                   •   The Quayside is strategically located in the heart of Kowloon East, where the
                                                       formation of an alternative business hub is underway. Its leasing progress has
                                                       outperformed the market, as its best-in-class building specifications and
                                                       accredited green features are attractive to occupiers seeking high-quality and
                                                       sustainable office spaces.
                                                   •   Although the COVID pandemic has posed operational challenges for the
                                                       office sector, we believe Hong Kong office leasing momentum will continue
                                                       as the “flight-to-quality” persists, backed by upgrading demand for Grade A
                                                       office spaces.

                                                   Property Operating Expenses
                                                   •   Total property operating expenses increased by 7.6% year-on-year while net
                                                       property income margin remained stable at 76.3% (2021: 76.8%).
                                                   •   Utility charges increased due to the absence of government subsidies and an
                                                       increase in energy consumption to improve ventilation as one of the COVID
                                                       preventive measures.
                                                   •   Promotion and marketing expenses increased as Link organised a wide range
                                                       of events to aid tenants’ sales.
                                                   •   Staff costs increased due to higher accrual for awards granted under our
                                                       long-term incentive plan and the expanded management team to broaden
                                                       management bandwidth.
The Quayside
Improvement on occupancy suggests potential        •   As announced in 2022/2023 Budget Speech, rates concession and wavier of
shifts of leasing demand to Kowloon East and the       water and sewage charges payable by non-domestic properties will continue
recovery of business sentiment                         to be extended. This helps ease our operating pressure and keeps the net
                                                       property income margin at a healthy level in next year.



                                                   Property Operating Expenses Breakdown
                                                                                    Year ended        Year ended      Year-on-year
                                                                                 31 March 2022     31 March 2021           change
                                                                                        HK$’M             HK$’M                 %

                                                   Property managers’ fees,
                                                                                            599               592               1.2
                                                     security and cleaning

                                                   Staff costs                              460               367              25.3

                                                   Repair and maintenance                   212               227              (6.6)

                                                   Utilities                                262               236              11.0

                                                   Government rent and rates                279               270               3.3

                                                   Promotion and
                                                                                            174               139              25.2
                                                     marketing expenses

                                                   Estate common area costs                 102                91              12.1

                                                   Other property operating
                                                                                            160               167              (4.2)
                                                     expenses

                                                   Total property operating
                                                                                          2,248             2,089               7.6
                                                     expenses




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022      41
Operational Highlights | Mainland China Portfolio




China
Mainland China Portfolio




2021/2022 was a fruitful year for
our Mainland China operations. We
expanded our footprint with four
new investments, namely a 50%
interest in Qibao Vanke Plaza(1) in
Shanghai (acquired in April 2021),
                                                    Retail
Happy Valley Shopping Mall in
                                                    •   Revenue from our Mainland China retail portfolio grew by 24.4% year-on-year.
Guangzhou (acquired in June 2021)
and 75% interests in each of two                    •   As our shopping malls are primarily situated in close proximity to residential
                                                        developments, tenant sales were well supported by local consumption demand.
logistics properties in Dongguan and
                                                        Positive tenant sales growth rates were recorded in stabilised shopping malls in
Foshan (acquired in October 2021).                      Beijing and Guangzhou as their operations were largely unaffected during the
In January 2022, we completed our                       year.
first large-scale asset enhancement                 •   Our five 100%-owned shopping malls in Mainland China delivered robust average
project in Mainland China at Link                       reversion of 8.8% despite the market turmoil. Separately, Qibao Vanke Plaza
CentralWalk in Shenzhen. We                             achieved a strong reversion of 27.5%.
created value by re-positioning this                •   Although the recent outbreak of COVID in Mainland China dampened the retail
asset as an “urban paradise on the                      sentiment, overall average occupancy of this portfolio remained steady at 88.5%
                                                        as at the financial year end. Happy Valley Shopping Mall will shortly undergo asset
central axis of Futian” which
                                                        enhancement. Excluding this mall, the overall average occupancy of our Mainland
provides shoppers exceptional                           China retail portfolio would be higher at 92.3%. We expect the overall average
shopping and dining experiences.                        occupancy to normalise after its enhancement has been completed.
                                                    •   Since March 2022, occasional COVID outbreaks and city-wide lockdowns have
In 2021/2022, our Mainland China portfolio              resulted in business interruptions for our tenants. Except for supermarkets, the
achieved 20.9% and 15.9% growth in total                affected malls were required to close, food and beverage tenants were only
revenue and net property income,                        permitted to offer takeaways. The negative impact on Mainland China retail malls
respectively. Overall rental collection                 is expected to linger into the next financial year.
remained healthy at 97%.




Note:
(1) A Qualified Minority-owned Property.




42      Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                     Operational Highlights | Mainland China Portfolio




                                              Office
                                              •    The occupancy of our office asset in Mainland China, Link Square in Shanghai,
                                                   edged up to 97.0% as at 31 March 2022 despite the new office supply in
                                                   Shanghai. Office reversion was at -8.1%.
                                              •    In March 2022, the local government encouraged workers in Shanghai to
                                                   implement flexible work arrangements in view of the COVID outbreak.
                                                   Physical occupancy of Link Square has been affected. However, rental
                                                   collection percentage has stayed strong at 99%. To retain its competitiveness
                                                   among premium grade A offices, Link Square is being upgraded through the
                                                   enhancement of the office lobby and common areas, which is targeted to
                                                   complete in 2022.
Link Square Lift Lobby Rendering




                                              Lease Expiry Profile


8.8%
                                              (As at 31 March 2022)



                                                                                          24.4
Average reversion in retail                        2022/2023
                                                                                                  29.8
                                                                                                             38.2




92.3%
                                                                                                                 41.4
                         (1)
                                                                         13.0
                                                   2023/2024                       20.6
                                                                                17.5
                                                                                  19.2
Overall average occupancy in retail
                                                                                                                              51.1




97.0%
                                                   2024/2025                                                                49.6
                                                   and Beyond                                                       41.3
                                                                                                                  39.4

                                                                        11.5
                                                        Vacancy   0
Occupancy in office                                               3.0
                                                                  0


                                                             % 0          10           20                30           40         50          60
                                               Retail                                                     Ofﬁce
                                                   % of total area         % of monthly rent(1)               % of total area         % of monthly rent(1)



Note:                                         Note:
(1) Excluding Happy Valley Shopping Mall in   (1) Refers to base rent (excluding management fee).
    Guangzhou.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022            43
Operational Highlights | Mainland China Portfolio




100%
                                                            Logistics
                                                            •    We are pleased to enter the logistics sector through the acquisition of 75%
                                                                 interests in two recently-developed modern logistics properties in Dongguan
                                                                 and Foshan which were completed in October 2021. Both assets were fully
Overall occupancy
                                                                 let to reputable tenants as at 31 March 2022.
                                                            •    We entered into a 75:25 joint-venture with the vendor, First Priority Group,
                                                                 a well-experienced logistics operations manager with the largest market
                                                                 share in Dongguan and the second largest logistics stock in the GBA. As at
                                                                 31 March 2022, the Dongguan and Foshan assets have a WALE of 2.5 years
                                                                 and 3.4 years, respectively. We expect these logistics properties to offer
                                                                 stable returns.
                                                            •    Following the financial year end, we agreed to acquire three logistics
                                                                 properties in the affluent YRD in May 2022. The seller, Fujian Dongbai Group,
                                                                 is a listed company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Our acquired assets are
                                                                 located in the logistics hubs – Jiaxing and Changshu. Two of the assets
                                                                 having recently been completed to excellent building specifications. They are
                                                                 fully-leased, and their tenants are reputable local players in third-party
                                                                 logistics and e-commerce fields. The third asset is under the final stage of
                                                                 construction. Its completion certificate is being processed. These assets are
                                                                 strategically located and well connected in YRD through artery expressways.
                                                                 They are well positioned as the regional distribution centres for e-commerce
                                                                 and consumer products, capturing the surging demand from third-party
                                                                 logistics providers. We are positive on the logistics market in Mainland China.
                                                                 To enhance distribution of the Group, we will continue to seek for assets that
                                                                 can benefit from strong demand and relatively low future supply of logistics
                                                                 warehouses.


Investment Summary
                                                                              Changshu North
                                                                                 Asset (under             Changshu South
                                                      Jiaxing Asset             construction)                      Asset                             Total

Property Particulars

                                                         50 years                     50 years                    50 years
Land Tenure
                                                 expiring in 2067             expiring in 2056            expiring in 2055

                                                                                      May 2022
Completion                                                      2019                                                   2021
                                                                                    (estimated)

GFA (square meter)                                          99,323                       69,045                      23,776                      192,144

Specifications                               Double-storey ramp           Double-storey ramp                  Single-storey

Monthly Gross Passing Income(1)
                                                                 3.3                         N/A                         0.8 (2)                       4.1
(RMB million)
WALE (years)                                                     1.8                         N/A                          5.0



Valuation

Agreed Property Value (RMB million)                              649                         337                         120                        1,106

Valuation by Colliers(3) (RMB million)                          660                          343                         125                        1,128


Notes:
(1) Monthly gross passing income includes rental income and management fee income.
(2) The current monthly gross passing income is RMB0.05 million as the asset is still in the fit-out period. After the fit-out period ends in July 2022, the
    monthly gross passing income will be RMB0.8 million.
(3) Source: Valuation as of March 2022.


44       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                     Operational Highlights | Overseas Portfolio




Overseas
Overseas Portfolio




A geographically diversified
portfolio strengthens our resilience,
allowing us to profit from the
distinct economic cycles of different
economies.


During the year, we seized the opportunity to   Retail Portfolio
scale up our investments in Australia through
                                                •   The acquisition of 50% interests in three iconic retail assets – namely Queen
the acquisition of 50% interests in three
                                                    Victoria Building, The Galeries and The Strand Arcade is expected to
iconic retail assets in Sydney and five prime
                                                    complete shortly. Occupancy reached 95.5% at the end of April 2022.
office assets in Sydney and Melbourne
                                                    Located in the heart of Sydney, these assets have a diversified tenant base
through a joint venture with a 49.9% interest
                                                    and enjoy excellent footfall from local visitors and international tourists.
in this office portfolio. Together with the
                                                    Coupled with the strategic co-owner partnership with Vicinity, we are
existing overseas assets, this portfolio
                                                    committed to delivering the best retail experience and curating a productive
positions us to benefit from the current
                                                    portfolio.
economic rebound in Australia and aligns
with our Vision 2025 growth and                 •   We believe Australia’s retail sales and our shopping malls will be well-
diversification strategy. Overall rental            supported by the re-opening and strong recovery of the Australian economy
collection rate remained healthy at 97%.            post pandemic.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021/2022      45
Operational Highlights | Overseas Portfolio




The Cabot
The 17-storey grade A office building
in London is currently fully occupied




                                                Office Portfolio
                                                •   During the year, the two office assets, 100 Market Street in Australia and The
                                                    Cabot in the United Kingdom, continued to provide a stable income stream
                                                    when the retail market was impacted by COVID. These grade A office spaces,
                                                    fully occupied by blue-chip tenants, are core investments. They also possess
                                                    long WALE of >7 years (100 Market Street) and >9 years (The Cabot). The
                                                    total revenue and net property income of these assets amounted to HK$482
                                                    million and HK$339 million, respectively.
                                                •   In February 2022, we announced a joint venture with Oxford Properties
                                                    Group, a leading global real estate investor, to own the Investa Gateway
                                                    Office portfolio, which will be locally managed by Investa. It consists of five
                                                    prime office assets, namely 126 Phillip Street, 388 George Street, 151
                                                    Clarence Street and 347 Kent Street, all in Sydney and 567 Collins Street in
                                                    Melbourne. It is one of the highest quality, sustainability focused, prime office
                                                    portfolios available in the Australian market. This quality portfolio is well-
                                                    positioned to capture the rising demand from quality-seeking occupiers and
                                                    the recovery of Australian corporates. This transaction was completed on 1
                                                    June 2022.
                                                •   We believe that the office sector in our overseas markets will continue to
                                                    benefit from the re-opening and return of office workers. The “flight-to-
Scan the QR code to view the virtual                quality” trend supports grade A office demand. Australia’s market outlook
property tour of the five prime office assets       remains positive as a world-leader in commodity exports and a beneficiary of
                                                    the surge in commodity prices.




46     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                           Operational Highlights | Asset Enhancement




                                       Optimising and maintaining the condition of its assets is vital for any real estate
                                       manager. Our rolling asset enhancement programme realises the full potential of
Asset                                  our assets. Delivering high environmental standards, boosting the volume and

Enhancement                            flow of people and fulfilling the demand of different shoppers have all been
                                       critical to this strategy.

                                       Completed projects in 2021/2022
                                       •   In 1H 2021/2022, we completed two asset enhancement projects in Hong
                                           Kong. A total capex of HK$86 million was spent on enhancing Hing Wah
                                           Plaza and Tai Wo Plaza, with estimated ROIs of 13.2% and 3.6%,
                                           respectively.
                                       •   Our first large-scale asset enhancement project in Mainland China, Link
                                           CentralWalk in Shenzhen’s Futian district, was completed in January 2022,
                                           with a total capex of RMB286 million and an ROI of 11.0%. We increased the
                                           total number of shops by approximately 20%, and the green area of Link
                                           CentralWalk now spans more than 18,000 square metres, with a total green
                                           coverage ratio being raised by 10 percentage points to 43.1%. We believe
                                           these renovations will support long-term value creation for this asset.

                                       Approved Asset Enhancement Projects Underway
                                       •   Asset enhancements of Tai Yuen Market, Lok Fu Market and Tak Tin Market in
                                           Hong Kong are underway. We expect the projects to incur an estimated
                                           capex of HK$22 million, HK$32 million and HK$73 million, respectively. The
                                           projects are expected to complete in mid 2022.
                                       •   We have also started planning for the asset enhancement of Happy Valley
                                           Shopping Mall in Guangzhou to capture the spending from middle-income
                                           households that is underserved in Zhujiang New Town. The asset
                                           enhancement project will be conducted in phases. The first phase is expected
                                           to start in 2022/2023 with an estimated capex of more than RMB150 million,
                                           and involves the renovation and repartition of the area previously occupied by
                                           a department store. We also target to improve the visibility and attractiveness
                                           of the mall by upgrading the façade and recreating an outdoor piazza.
Link CentralWalk in Shenzhen after
asset enhancement                      •   We target to spend an aggregate of over HK$1 billion capex on asset
Total no. of shops increased by 20%        enhancements projects.




Scan the QR code to view the virtual
property tour of Link CentralWalk




                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022      47
Operational Highlights | Valuation Review




                                            Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited, the principal valuer of Link, valued
                                            Link’s properties as at 31 March 2022, using the income capitalisation approach
Valuation                                   with reference to market comparables via the direct comparison approach. As at

Review                                      31 March 2022, total value of investment properties rose 6.9% year-on-year to
                                            HK$212,761 million due to the recent completion of the acquisitions and
                                            exchange gain.
                                            •   As at 31 March 2022, the value of our Hong Kong retail and office properties
                                                decreased by 1.4% and 0.9% year-on-year to HK$122,878 million and
                                                HK$8,860 million, respectively as the valuer has assumed a decline in rental
                                                projection given the dampened economy and property market. The car parks
                                                and related business were valued at HK$40,102 million. The increase in value
                                                was mainly due to new acquisitions and the significant improvement in car
                                                parks net passing income.
                                            •   Our properties in Mainland China (including 50% value of Qibao Vanke Plaza)
                                                were valued at HK$38,433 million (31 March 2021: HK$27,160 million). The
                                                increase of HK$11,273 million in valuation was mainly attributable to
                                                acquisitions and exchange gain from Renminbi appreciation compared with
                                                last year end. Excluding the translation difference and on a like-for-like basis,
                                                the value of our Mainland China properties went up by 0.2% in Renminbi
                                                terms.
                                            •   The total value of office buildings in Australia and the United Kingdom was
                                                HK$7,974 million as at 31 March 2022.




48   Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                                    Operational Highlights | Valuation Review




Valuation

                                                              Valuation                                         Capitalisation Rate
                                                         As at                      As at                       As at                      As at
                                                31 March 2022              31 March 2021               31 March 2022              31 March 2021
                                                       HK$’M                      HK$’M
Hong Kong
Retail properties                                       122,878                    124,581             3.10% – 4.50%              3.10% – 4.50%
Car parks and related business                           40,102                      31,516            2.90% – 5.30%              3.10% – 5.30%
Office property                                            8,860(1)                   8,943(1)                  3.00%                       3.00%
                                                        171,840                    165,040
Mainland China

Retail properties                                        29,936(2)                  20,713             4.25% – 4.75%              4.25% – 4.75%
Office property                                            6,782                      6,447                     4.25%                       4.25%
Logistics properties                                       1,715                           –                    5.00%                          N/A
                                                         38,433                      27,160
Australia
Office property                                            4,112                      4,038                     4.40%                       4.50%
United Kingdom
Office property                                            3,862                      4,019                     5.19%                       5.24%
Total valuation                                         218,247                    200,257
Total valuation of
                                                        212,761(3)                 199,074(3)
  investment properties

Notes:
(1) The amount represents the office portion only of The Quayside.
(2) The amount includes 50% value of Qibao Vanke Plaza.
(3) The amount excludes two floors of The Quayside, which Link occupies as a self-used office and are classified as property, plant and equipment,
    and the 50% value of Qibao Vanke Plaza.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021/2022            49
Operational Highlights | Capital Management




                                                          The rapid spread of the Omicron variant of COVID stalled the global economic
                                                          recovery, counteracting solid growth that was seen at the end of 2021. The
Capital                                                   Russia-Ukraine war reshaped the global energy supply and has driven up food

Management                                                and energy prices. Inflation in the United States reached a near 40-year high,
                                                          forcing the US Fed, for the first time since December 2018, to raise its benchmark
                                                          interest rate. It started with a 25 basis points rise in March 2022 and another
(Face value as at 31 March 2022)                          50 basis points rate rise in May 2022. More aggressive rate hikes by the US Fed
                                                          are expected in the near term to counter inflation.
                                                          In light of the impact of expected interest rate hikes in the year ahead, Link has
                                                          proactively fixed and secured low cost financing, reserving liquidity for business
                                                          development and acquisition needs.

                                                          Increased access to capital markets
                                                          During the year, we arranged a total of HK$30.8 billion debt comprising bonds
                                                          and bank loans in different currencies. This newly arranged debt provides funding
                                                          support for our strategic acquisitions, debt replenishment and pre-financing
                                                          before the anticipated rate hikes.
                                                          Link started off 2022 with two flagship pre-financing arrangements.
                                                          •   In January 2022, we issued a US$600 million 10-year USD bond at a coupon
                                                              rate of 2.75%.
                                                          •   In March 2022, we signed a HK$12 billion sustainability-linked syndicated
                                                              loan facility comprising two equal tranches of 4-year and 5-year tenor.
                                                          Both transactions were well received by the market. The sustainability-linked
                                                          syndicated loan facility was the largest of its kind in the real estate sector in
                                                          Asia Pacific.




     Financing arranged since April 2021
     2021                                                                   2022

         April 2021                                                                January 2022
         •   HK$500 million 5-year sustainability-linked loan                      •   US$600 million 10-year notes at 2.75% per annum

         May 2021                                                                  March 2022
         •   CNH650 million 3-year notes at 2.8% per annum                         •   HK$12 billion dual-tranche sustainability-linked
                                                                                       syndicated loan facility
         June 2021
         •   CNH250 million 3-year notes at 2.8% per annum                         April to May 2022
                                                                                   •   A$500 million bridge loan facility
         August 2021
                                                                                   •   5-year AUD loan facilities totalling A$600 million
         •   HK$800 million 2-year loan facility

         September 2021
         •   3 to 5-year loan facilities totalling HK$2.7 billion
         •   5-year sustainability-linked loans totalling HK$1.5 billion

         October 2021
         •   HK$800 million 5-year notes at 1.48% per annum
         •   HK$782 million 10-year notes at 2.23% per annum
         •   CNH300 million 3-year notes at 3.00% per annum
         •   CNH460 million 3-year notes at 3.25% per annum

         December 2021
         •   1 to 5-year loan facilities totalling HK$5.0 billion



50     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                        Operational Highlights | Capital Management




2.3%
Record-low average borrowing
                                                    Strong capital base and liquidity position
                                                    As at 31 March 2022:
                                                    •   Total debt rose by HK$11.6 billion to HK$50.2 billion.
cost of 2.3% for the year ended                     •   Gearing ratio(1) increased from 18.4% to 22.0%.
31 March 2022                                       •   HK$22.6 billion undrawn committed facilities and HK$2.9 billion cash and
                                                        bank balances.
                                                    •   Debt maturity averaged at 3.5 years and is staggered over the coming 17 years.
                                                    Prudently managed foreign currency exposure
                                                    •   Overseas acquisitions and investments are principally funded by local
                                                        currency borrowings where practicable and cost efficient, which provide for a
                                                        natural hedge.
                                                    •   Distributable income from offshore properties is largely hedged into HKD
                                                        terms through foreign currencies forward contracts.
                                                    Create value for Unitholders
                                                    •   Distribution reinvestment scheme:
                                                        Provided eligible Unitholders with the option to reinvest in Link units via scrip
                                                        distributions. In respect of the interim distribution of the six months ended 30
                                                        September 2021, HK$1,267.1 million of the cash distribution was reinvested
                                                        with approximately 19.6 million new units issued at a unit price of
                                                        HK$64.795.
                                                    •   Capital return and unit buyback:
                                                        Since having first announced the discretionary distribution plan in November
                                                        2019, which was implemented to replace the loss of DPU resulting from our
                                                        prior divestments, we have acquired approximately HK$22 billion of new
                                                        assets.
                                                        Despite the challenging environment, our portfolio remained resilient in
                                                        2021/2022. In the financial year, we have completed HK$15 billion of
                                                        acquisitions, which has further supplemented DPU growth resulting in DPU
                                                        for the year growing 5.4% year-on-year, excluding any continuation of the
                                                        discretionary distribution.
                                                        While we continue with our earlier commitment to return this capital to
                                                        Unitholders, which amounts in this case to approximately HK$150 million, we
                                                        believe that an announced unit buyback programme is of greater benefit to
                                                        unitholders; delivering a long-term positive impact on DPU yield accretion in
                                                        contrast to the payment of a one-off discretionary distribution, especially
                                                        given that the Unit price is currently trading at a discount. Whilst both
                                                        discretionary distributions and unit buy backs return capital to unitholders, we
                                                        believe that in this instance, a buyback provides a better and longer-term
                                                        value proposition than a one-off discretionary distribution. Our execution of
                                                        the buyback programme depends on market conditions, Unit price, trading
                                                        volume and other regulatory considerations.
                                                        A total of 1.3 million Units were bought back during the year under review at
Note:
                                                        an average price of HK$65.2, utilising an aggregated cost of HK$82.6 million.
(1) After adjusting for the impact of the
    acquisition of 50% interests in a Sydney
                                                    •   Relevant Investments:
    retail portfolio announced on 7 November            A HK$2.0 billion investment-grade bond portfolio was held as of 31 March
    2021, the acquisition of 49.9% interests in a       2022, generating an average yield of 3.51%.
    joint venture that owns interests in 5 prime
    office properties in Sydney and Melbourne       Credit ratings supported by resilient performance
    announced on 10 February 2022 and
    completed on 1 June 2022, the acquisition of    •   Rating agencies acknowledged Link’s resilient financial fundamentals, our
    three logistics properties in Mainland China        diversification strategy and our well-managed capital structure in spite of the
    announced on 12 May 2022, and the final             increasing number of acquisitions throughout the year.
    distribution declared, the gearing ratio of
    Link as at 31 March 2022 will increase to       •   Link’s credit ratings remain unchanged and have been affirmed at A2/Stable
    24.9%.                                              (Moody’s), A/Stable (S&P) and A/Stable (Fitch).



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022       51
Operational Highlights | Capital Management




Debt Profile Breakdown
(Face value as at 31 March 2022)


Debt Mix by Types

HK$ billion   4.0 (8.0%)                                                         23.5 (46.8%)                                                      22.746.5
                                                                                                                                                       (45.2%)
       (%)
                Convertible Bond                    Medium Term Notes          Bank Loans




Debt Mix by Fixed/Floating Rates (After interest rate swaps)

HK$ billion                                                                                  30.8 (61.4%)                                          19.4 (38.6%)
       (%)
                Fixed rate          Floating rate



Debt Mix by Years to Maturity

HK$ billion                  8.9 (17.7%)                                      17.7 (35.3%)                                    16.8 (33.5%)           6.8 (13.5%)
       (%)
                 Due in 2022/2023            Due in 2023/2024 and 2024/2025   Due in 2025/2026, 2026/2027 and 2027/2028      Due in 2028/2029 and beyond




Debt Mix by Currencies (After currency swaps)

HK$ billion                                                                                                   36.8 (73.3%)   5.6 (11.2%) 4.0 (8.0%) 3.8 (7.5%)
       (%)
                HKD          RMB           AUD          GBP




52     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                                     Definitions and Glossary




Definitions and Glossary
2017 LTI Scheme or            the long-term incentive scheme of Link adopted by the Board on 10 July 2017
Long-term Incentive Scheme


2021 AGM                      the annual general meeting of Unitholders held on 30 July 2021


2022 AGM                      the annual general meeting of Unitholders scheduled to be held on 20 July 2022


Articles                      articles of association of the Manager


AUM                           asset under management


average monthly unit rent     the average base rent per month psf of leased area


Award(s)                      Restricted Unit Award(s), or Conditional Cash Award(s), or a combination of both granted
                              under the 2017 LTI Scheme


base rent                     in respect of a lease, the standard rent payable under the lease, exclusive of any additional
                              turnover rent (if applicable) and other charges and reimbursements


Board or Board of Directors   board of directors of the Manager


Board Committees              the committees of the Board to discharge the duties set out in their respective terms of
                              reference as approved by the Board which, as at the date of this report, include the Audit
                              and Risk Management Committee, the Finance and Investment Committee, the Nomination
                              Committee and the Remuneration Committee, and “Board Committee” refers to any one
                              of them


CCDO                          Chief Corporate Development Officer of the Manager


CEO                           Chief Executive Officer of the Manager


CFO                           Chief Financial Officer of the Manager


Chairman                      Chairman of the Board (unless the context requires otherwise)


CLO                           Chief Legal Officer of the Manager


Company Secretary             Company Secretary of the Manager


Compliance Manual             the compliance manual of the Manager which sets out (among others) the key processes,
                              systems and measures in respect of Link’s operations and the corporate governance policy
                              of Link


Conditional Cash Award(s)     conditional right to receive cash payment(s) granted to a participant in accordance with the
                              rules of the 2017 LTI Scheme and the relevant grant letter(s)


COO-International             Chief Operating Officer – International of the Manager


COVID                         Coronavirus pandemic




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022        53
Definitions and Glossary




 CSO                                       Chief Strategy Officer of the Manager


 Director(s)                               director(s) of the Manager


 DPU                                       distribution per Unit in respect of the total distributable amount of Link for a financial
                                           year/period


 ED(s)                                     Executive Director(s) of the Manager (unless the context requires otherwise)


 ESG                                       environmental, social and governance


 EUPP                                      employee unit purchase plan, pursuant to which an eligible employee who meets the
                                           prescribed criteria is entitled to subsidy from the Manager for purchasing, through an
                                           independent third-party intermediary, Units in the open market in accordance with the rules
                                           of the plan


 FMIT                                      Facilities Management Information Technology


 GAV                                       gross asset value (and as calculated in the manner set out in the Trust Deed)


 GAV Cap                                   25% of Link’s GAV as a cap to property development activities of Link under the REIT Code


 GBA                                       Greater Bay Area


 Group                                     Link and its subsidiaries (unless the context requires otherwise)


 Hong Kong Stock Exchange or               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
 Stock Exchange or SEHK


 INED(s)                                   Independent Non-Executive Director(s) of the Manager (unless the context requires
                                           otherwise)


 IoT                                       Internet of Things


 KPI(s)                                    key performance indicator(s)


 lease                                     a lease or a tenancy agreement (both of which grant a possessionary interest) or a licence
                                           (which merely constitutes an authority to do something) in respect of premises at the
                                           properties granted to a tenant


 like-for-like                             excluding any properties acquired, divested and/or newly operational (as applicable) during
                                           the periods under analysis


 Link or Link REIT                         Link Real Estate Investment Trust


 Link Corporate                            the corporate governance policy set out in the Compliance Manual
 Governance Policy


 Link Securities Dealing Code              the code governing dealings in securities of Link by Directors and senior management of
                                           the Manager




54     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                                                      Definitions and Glossary




Listing Rules              Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


Listing Rules Corporate    Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules
Governance Code


Low regret                 To analyse and plan/adapt for the highest plausible worst-case scenario so that one will have
                           fewer regrets in the future


Manager                    Link Asset Management Limited, which is the manager of Link


market capitalisation      the market value of the REIT calculated by multiplying the number of units in issue by the
                           prevailing unit price quoted on the Stock Exchange


Maximum Cap                25% of Link’s GAV as a cap to the combined value of: (i) all Relevant Investments;
                           (ii) non-qualified minority-owned properties; (iii) other ancillary investments; and (iv) all of the
                           property development costs together with the aggregate contract value of the uncompleted
                           units of real estate


MTN                        note(s) and/or green bond issued or to be issued from time-to-time pursuant to the
                           Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme established by The Link Finance (Cayman)
                           2009 Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Link) in May 2009


NED                        Non-Executive Director of the Manager (unless the context requires otherwise)


NGO(s)                     non-governmental organisation(s)


Non-qualified Minority-    all Minority-owned Properties other than Qualified Minority-owned Properties under 7.7C of
owned Properties           the REIT Code


NPI                        net property income, being total revenue less direct property related expenses


occupancy rate             the aggregated leased area as a percentage of total leasable area


Principal Valuer           the Principal Valuer (as defined in the REIT Code) of Link, which is currently Colliers
                           International (Hong Kong) Limited


psf                        per square foot


Qualified Minority-        qualified minority-owned property under 7.7C of the REIT Code
owned Property


REIT(s)                    real estate investment trust(s)


REIT Code                  Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts issued by the SFC


Relevant Investments       the financial instruments permissible from time-to-time under the REIT Code for Link to
                           invest in, including (without limitation): (i) securities listed on the Stock Exchange or other
                           internationally recognised stock exchanges; (ii) unlisted debt securities; (iii) government and
                           other public securities; and (iv) local or overseas property funds


Restricted Unit Award(s)   conditional right to receive Units granted to a participant in accordance with the rules of the
                           2017 LTI Scheme and the relevant grant letter


                                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022        55
Definitions and Glossary




 ROI or return on investment               projected NPI post asset enhancement minus NPI pre asset enhancement divided by the
                                           estimated amount of project capital expenditure and loss of rental


 reversion rate                            the percentage change in psf average unit rent between old and new leases on the same unit


 SFC                                       Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong


 SFO                                       Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)


 SPV(s)                                    special purpose vehicle(s) (within the meaning of the REIT Code and the Trust Deed)


 sq ft                                     square feet


 TCFD                                      Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures


 tenant                                    a lessee, a tenant or a licencee (as the case may be) under a lease


 total distributable amount                total distributable amount for a financial year/period is the total distributable income and any
                                           additional amount (including capital) that the Manager has determined to be distributable


 total distributable income                the consolidated profit after taxation attributable to Unitholders (equivalent to profit for
                                           the financial year/period, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to Unitholders)
                                           adjusted to eliminate the effect of certain non-cash adjustments


 Trust Deed                                the trust deed dated 6 September 2005 between the Trustee and the Manager constituting
                                           Link, as amended and supplemented by 14 supplemental deeds and two amending and
                                           restating deeds


 Trustee                                   trustee of Link, which is currently HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited


 turnover rent                             rent calculated and charged by reference to a pre-determined percentage of a tenant’s gross
                                           sales turnover in excess of the base rent


 Unit(s)                                   unit(s) of Link


 Unitholder(s)                             holder(s) of Unit(s) of Link


 WALE                                      weighted average lease expiry


 YoY                                       year-on-year


 YRD                                       Yangtze River Delta




56     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
Corporate Information
Board of Directors of the Manager                                         Registered Office of the Manager
                                                                          20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,
Chairman
                                                                          77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong,
Nicholas Charles ALLEN
                                                                          Kowloon, Hong Kong
  (also an Independent Non-Executive Director)

Executive Directors                                                       Town Office of the Manager
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                                 Suite 901, 9th Floor, The Hong Kong Club Building,
  (Chief Executive Officer)                                               3A Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong

NG Kok Siong
 (Chief Financial Officer)                                                Shanghai Office of the Manager
                                                                          Unit 918-921, Building No. 1, Link Square,
Non-Executive Director                                                    No. 222 Hubin Road, Huangpu District,
Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                                                       Shanghai, Mainland China

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Christopher John BROOKE
                                                                          Sydney Office of the Manager
                                                                          Suite 28.02, Level 28, Australia Square Tower,
Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong
                                                                          264 George Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia
Jenny GU Jialin
Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen
Blair Chilton PICKERELL                                                   Unit Registrar and Transfer Office
Poh Lee TAN                                                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Peter TSE Pak Wing                                                        Shops 1712-1716, 17/F., Hopewell Centre,
Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                                        183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                                          Telephone:   (852) 2862 8555
Company Secretary of the Manager
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG(1)                                                   Contact Details
                                                                          Telephone:		Hong Kong                (852) 2175 1800
                                                                                              Mainland China (86) 21 5368 9333
Responsible Officers of the Manager                       (2)
                                                                          Facsimile:		 (852) 2175 1938
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
                                                                          Media Enquiry:		    mediarelations@linkreit.com
NG Kok Siong
                                                                          Investor Relations: ir@linkreit.com
Christine CHAN Suk Han
                                                                          Customer Service: (852) 2122 9000
                                                                          Leasing:		          Hong Kong        retailenquiries@linkreit.com
Authorised Representatives(3)                                                                 Mainland China (86) 21 5368 9239
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG
                                                                          Websites
                                                                          Linkreit.com     (corporate website)
Trustee                                                                   Linkhk.com       (customer website)
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited

                                                                          Mobile App
Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers


Principal Valuer
Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited




Notes:
(1) email: cosec@linkreit.com
(2) Required by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
(3) Required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Link Real Estate Investment Trust
Linkreit.com
Annual Report 2021/2022
Governance, Disclosures
and Financial Statements



                           Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                            Stock code: 823




      GROWING
      Beyond
About Link
Link Real Estate Investment Trust is
one of the world’s largest real estate
investment trusts in terms of market
capitalisation. With a diversified portfolio,
we aim to deliver sustainable growth and
create long-term value for our Unitholders
and all our stakeholders.




About this Report
We produce this standalone Governance, Disclosures and Financial
Statements report in order to improve reporting transparency by making
information easily and readily accessible to interested parties. This report
complements our 2021/2022 Strategic Report which highlights our
corporate performance and value created over the year under review.


Materiality
This report has been structured according to Link’s Vision 2025 and
Value Creation Process. The Board believes that Vision 2025 represents the
strategy and opportunities that will drive value creation for our stakeholders.


Complete 2021/2022
Reports and Presentations
Strategic Report
Our Strategic Report, compiled according to the International Integrated
Reporting Council’s International <IR> Framework, presents a
comprehensive, but concise, overview of how we create value for different
stakeholders and the progress we have made on Vision 2025.


Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements
This report contains our detailed governance, disclosures and financial
statements. The governance and disclosures sections are prepared in
accordance with the REIT Code, applicable provisions of the Listing
Rules, and other relevant laws and regulations, while the consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Hong
Kong Financial Reporting Standards, the requirements of the Trust Deed
and the relevant disclosure requirements of the REIT Code and audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers.


Valuation Report
This report summarises the market value of Link’s individual properties as
valued by Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited.


ESG Compliance
•   Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide
    (ESG Reporting Guide) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
•   Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards
    (GRI Standards) – Core Options
•   United Nations Global Compact
•   Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
•   International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) Exposure Draft
    IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures


Sustainability Compendium
The Sustainability Compendium, which does not form
part of, but which is intended to complement our
Integrated Annual Report, provides more details on our
Sustainability Strategy, as well as approach and               Access the Sustainability
performance in each of our Sustainability Focus Areas.         Compendium here
                                                                                           The Cabot   Link Square
                                                                                           London      Shanghai
                                                  Contents
                                         Inside   Introduction
                                          front

                                                  Governance
                                             2    A Well-Governed Business
                                                  Board Committee Reports

                                            35      Report of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                                            38      Report of the Finance and Investment Committee
                                            40      Report of the Nomination Committee
                                            42      Report of the Remuneration Committee
                                            44    Regulation and Compliance


                                                  Disclosures
                                            56    Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team
                                            66    Disclosure of Interests
                                            71    Long-term Incentive Scheme
                                            78    Connected Party Transactions
                                            82    Link Together Initiatives
                                            88    Trustee’s Report


                                                  Financial Statements
                                            89    Independent Auditor’s Report
                                            94    Consolidated Income Statement
                                            95    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                            96    Consolidated Statement of Distributions
                                            97    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                            98    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and
                                                  Net Assets Attributable to Unitholders
                                            99    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                          100     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                          154     Valuation Report

                                                  ESG Compliance
                                          205     HKQAA Assurance Statement
                                          206     GRI Content Index
                                          212     HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index
                                          217     United Nations Global Compact Index


                                          218     Five Year Performance Summary
                                          223     Investor Information
                                          225     Definitions and Glossary
                                         Inside
                                           back
                                                  Corporate Information
Queen Victoria Building   The Quayside
               Sydney      Hong Kong
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




A Well-Governed Business
Our Corporate Governance Framework
Link believes responsible governance should transcend merely complying with regulatory requirements to become a value that is
embedded within all that we do. Our corporate governance framework identifies the participants and key controls which interact to
ensure that the Board and Management run the business of Link in the long-term interests of our Unitholders whilst also meeting the
expectations of our other stakeholders. COVID has underscored the central importance of good governance not only at Board level,
but also throughout Link as we addressed the challenges brought about by the pandemic.



Unitholders and Other Stakeholders                                                   Board and Board Committees
•   Comprehensive investor relations programme                                       •   High level of independence
    to keep Unitholders abreast of developments                                      •   Diversity in skill, experience,
•   Periodic reporting and corporate                                                     gender and ethnicity
    communications in full compliance                                                •   Strong and transparent Board processes
    with the REIT Code and the Listing Rules
                                                                                     •   Periodic performance evaluation
•   Comprehensive sustainability initiatives
                                                                                     •   Programme of succession and nomination
•   Link Together Initiatives for people
    living in our communities
•   Government and community relations




                                                       Our Corporate
                                                        Governance
                                                        Framework




Management                                                                           Regulatory and Other Oversight
•   Vision, Mission and Values,                                                      •   SFC oversight through the REIT Code
    embedded as Link culture                                                             and SFO compliance and inspection
•   Clear delegation of authority                                                    •   Trustee oversight through the
    between Board and Management                                                         Trust Deed and periodic inspections
•   Regular updates to Board                                                         •   External audit and review
•   Risk management framework                                                        •   Stringent internal audit system
    and internal control                                                             •   Whistle-blowing policy
                                                                                     •   Inside information monitoring and updates
                                                                                     •   Code of conduct




2     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Link’s Strategy
Link provides investors with exposure to real estate, with the objective of providing long-term sustainable returns. We aim to create
value and portfolio growth through our real estate asset allocation, diversification by asset class and geography and by prudent
capital management. Link’s standalone Strategic Report presents a comprehensive yet concise overview of how we create value for
different stakeholders and the progress we have made towards Vision 2025, and is available on the websites of Link at Linkreit.com
and the Stock Exchange at hkexnews.hk.


Link’s Culture
Link has a culture of excellence and visionary creativity. Culture sits at the core of the achievement of our vision, mission and values.
Culture drives our value creation and we strive to create a compliance culture across all of our operations. At its March 2022 meeting,
the Board considered and satisfied itself that Link’s strategy and culture continued to be aligned.




Our Vision,                        Vision                         Mission                                       Values
Mission                            To be a world class            Building relationships with                   Managing our
                                   real estate investor and       our stakeholders through:                     business with:
and Values                         manager, serving and           •   providing value and quality services      •   Respect
                                   improving the lives of
                                                                  •   partnering with local communities         •   Excellence
                                   those around us
                                                                  •   delivering sustainable growth             •   Integrity
                                                                                                                •   Teamwork



The Board
The Board is central to the operation of Link’s corporate governance framework, which provides for effective oversight and control.
Under the direction of the Board, Link has implemented comprehensive systems and procedures designed to promote Link’s long-
term success and deliver sustainable value to Unitholders and other stakeholders.
Led by the Chairman, the Board sets strategy and risk appetite, leads and provides insight to Management, and monitors business
progress against agreed business targets. This is achieved through:
•   strong independence of the Board and the Board Committees
•   clear division of duties between the Board and the Board Committees
•   clear division of responsibility between the Board and Management
•   diversified skills, experiences, expertise, gender and ethnicity among Board members
•   strong and transparent Board processes




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021/2022       3
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Board Size, Composition and Appointments
According to the Articles, the number of Directors shall not be fewer than nine and shall not be greater than 14. Currently, there are
12 members of the Board, comprising two EDs, being the CEO and the CFO, one NED and nine INEDs. The Board considers that this
composition is balanced and that it facilitates strong independent monitoring and challenge of management initiatives. Biographies of
our Directors as at the date of this report appear on pages 56 to 61 of this report.
Each of our current NED and INEDs is appointed for a term of three years, subject to curtailment upon retirement by rotation and
re-election by Unitholders at annual general meeting. The term, duties and obligations of each NED and INED are set out in a formal
letter of appointment entered into with the Manager; neither the NED nor the INEDs are employees of Link. Each NED and INED has
committed that they will be able to give sufficient time and attention to the Manager on Board matters.
INED and NED terms of appointment may be renewed upon expiry usually for a period of three years. INEDs may serve a maximum
term of nine years on the Board. Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG, after the completion of the maximum nine-year
service term since their respective appointments on 1 February 2013, retired as INEDs on 31 January 2022. NEDs are not subject
to the maximum nine-year term but are subject to the same requirements of retirement by rotation and re-election by Unitholders at
annual general meeting as the INEDs.
Ms Jenny GU Jialin was appointed as an INED and a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee with effect from
17 August 2021, in accordance with the Board diversity and nomination policies. According to the Articles, Ms Jenny GU Jialin, being a
newly-appointed Director, is subject to retirement and election by the Unitholders at the first annual general meeting following her
appointment. Ms Poh Lee TAN was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 16 March 2022.
The EDs are both full-time employees of Link. Their employment contracts with the Manager do not stipulate a specific period of
tenure and may be terminated with 6 to 12 months’ written notice by either the Manager or the EDs. The EDs are not subject to
retirement by rotation at annual general meeting.
The updates to Directors’ biographical information since Interim Report 2021/2022 are set out on page 46 of this report.


Strong Independence
Our INEDs and NED bring constructive challenge and critical judgement on management proposals, scrutinise strategy and business
performance against targets, and monitor risks and compliance.




                                                                                    Additional
                                                                                  Independence
                                   Key                                         Requirements of the
                              Independence                                       Link Corporate
                                 Features                                       Governance Policy
                                                                              over the Requirements
                                                                                under the Listing
                                                                                       Rules


                      •   INEDs may not serve on the                      •    The Chairman of the Board is
                          Board beyond nine years                              required to be, and is an INED

                                                                          •    Upon expiry of nine years’ service on the
                      •   All Board Committees are
                                                                               Board, INEDs may only re-join the Board
                          chaired by INEDs
                                                                               three years after having stepped down

                                                                          •    The Audit and Risk Management Committee
                      •   Nine out of 12 Directors are                         and the Remuneration Committee are
                          INEDs and one is a NED                               required to be, and are chaired by and are
                                                                               comprised solely of INEDs


4     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




The assessment of independence of each of the INEDs is based on the independence criteria set out in the Link Corporate
Governance Policy which is modelled on and exceeds the independence guidelines of the Listing Rules. We reference major
proxy advisors’ voting recommendations and guidelines in approaching the issue of INED independence. All Link INEDs met the
independence requirements of the Link Corporate Governance Policy throughout the year under review.




Independence Weighting

Board

2022                         75%                    8%      17%

2021                          77%                    8%     15%




Audit and Risk Management Committee                                      Nomination Committee

2022                                100%                                 2022                   75%                       25%

2021                                100%                                 2021                   75%                       25%




Finance and Investment Committee                                         Remuneration Committee

2022               50%                     17%        33%                2022                         100%

2021                   58%                   14%         28%             2021                         100%




2022(1)   INED   NED     ED
2021(1)   INED   NED     ED




Note:
(1) 12 members as of 1 June 2022 against 13 members as of 17 June 2021




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022   5
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Process of Assessment of Independence of Directors
Assessment of independence of INEDs is carried out in advance of appointment, annually, and at any other time where the
circumstances warrant review.




Annual independence                                                                        An independence assessment
confirmation from each INED                                                                forms part of the potential new
                                                                                           INED appointment process




                                              Nomination Committee
                                               undertakes an annual
                                           assessment to ensure that all
                                          INEDs continue to demonstrate
                                           strong independence and are
                                            free from business or other
                                             relationships which could
                                             interfere with their ability
                                                 to discharge their
                                                  duties effectively




INEDs’ interests in Link’s
businesses to be declared,                                                                 On-going disclosure of any
with robust processes in                                                                   change in circumstances affecting
place for the management of                                                                his/her independence (none
any conflicts                                                                              during the year under review)




As part of the on-going independence assessment process, Directors have disclosed to the Manager the number and nature of
appointments held in Hong Kong and overseas listed companies and organisations, along with any other significant commitments.
Neither of the EDs held any directorship in any other listed companies during the year. The CEO and the CFO have actively supported
professional bodies, academic and public organisations. Each INED and the NED has indicated the amount of time involved in respect
of his/her outside-Link commitments and confirmed to the Chairman that he/she has given sufficient time to the affairs of Link.
No current Director held directorships in more than three listed companies (excluding Link) during the year.
The Manager has received from each INED, his/her annual confirmation of independence in accordance with the Link Corporate
Governance Policy. Based on such confirmations, the Nomination Committee assessed and the Board considered that all the INEDs
maintained their independence throughout the year under review and up to the date of this report.
During the year, the INEDs held a closed-session where issues were discussed in the absence of the EDs, the NED and Management.




6     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Clear Delegation Between the Board and the Board Committees
In the course of overseeing Management and business performance, the Board is assisted by the Audit and Risk Management,
Finance and Investment, Nomination and Remuneration Committees. Each of these Board Committees operates under specific terms
of reference, as approved and reviewed from time-to-time by the Board.
While specific functions are delegated to the Board Committees, matters with critical impact on the Manager and Link and any major
corporate governance issues are specifically reserved for decision or consideration by the Board.
Establishment of working committees or ad hoc committees under the authority of the Board may take place from time-to-time in
light of the business and operational needs of the Manager.
Matters reserved for the Board and the latest terms of reference of the respective Board Committees are available on our corporate
website: Linkreit.com. The reports of the Board Committees are set out on pages 35 to 43 of this report.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022         7
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




    Oversight and Leadership
    •    Strategic direction and risk appetite                           •    Approval of asset acquisitions and capital recycling matters
    •    Providing insight to and monitoring of Management               •    Oversight of relationships with governments and
                                                                              external bodies
    •    Approval of annual budget and key corporate actions



Audit and Risk Management Committee                                                    Nomination Committee

100% INEDs                                                                             75% INEDs
Key duties:                                                                            Key duties:
•   Review of financial reports and oversight of the                                   •    Board performance evaluation
    integrity of the financial statements
                                                                                       •    Review of Board and Board Committee
•   Risk management and compliance monitoring                                               structure and composition
•   Internal control and financial reporting systems                                   •    Review and update of Board and
                                                                                            Board Committee succession planning
•   Review of the auditor’s audit and non-
    audit services performance, fees, terms of                                         •    Evaluation of potential Board and
    engagement and auditor’s independence                                                   Board Committee candidates


                                                                   Board
Finance and Investment Committee                                                       Remuneration Committee

67% NED/INEDs                                                                          100% INEDs
Key duties:                                                                            Key duties:
•   Oversight of capital management matters                                            •    Setting Link’s remuneration policy and strategy
•   Approval and monitoring of capital expenditure                                     •    Approval of remuneration of senior
                                                                                            management and recommending the
•   Approval of larger asset enhancement projects
                                                                                            remuneration of Directors for Board approval
•   Financing decisions and review of capital
                                                                                       •    Administering the grant and vesting of awards
    recycling and reinvestment
                                                                                            under the Long-term Incentive Scheme



    Reserved Matters for the Board
    •   Consideration of the Link Corporate Governance Policy,       •       Appointment and removal of external auditor and
        Board Diversity Policy, Unitholder Communication Policy,             approval of auditor’s fees
        review of the mechanisms in place to ensure independent      •       Approval of capital management policies, issue or
        views and input are available to the Board, and the                  buy-back of Units, acquisition of assets, capital recycling
        climate-related issues of Link                                       matters, and property development and related activities
    •   Consideration of Link’s purpose, strategy, vision, mission   •       Appointment or removal of the CEO and any other Directors,
        and values and the corresponding alignment of its                    as well as the Company Secretary
        culture, and the strategic direction of Link
                                                                     •       Approval of Directors’ remuneration and directors’ and
    •   Recommendation to Unitholders of any change to the                   officers’ liability insurance and personnel policies
        Articles or the provisions of the Trust Deed
                                                                     •       Compliance monitoring, consideration of internal control
    •   Approval of interim and final distributions, interim and             process and risk management framework, and approval of
        annual reports and financial statements, ESG reports,                any matter which would have a material effect on Link’s
        circulars to Unitholders, and any significant changes in             financial position, liabilities, future strategy or reputation
        accounting policy
                                                                     •       Delegation of power and authority to Board Committees



8       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Clear Division of Duties Between the Board and Management
The Chairman and the CEO
The Chairman (who is an INED) leads and is responsible for the running of the Board. The CEO leads Management and is responsible
for running Link’s business and daily operations. The two roles are separate and performed by different individuals.

The Board and Management
The Board is responsible for formulation of strategy and monitoring of Management performance. It delegates the day-to-day running
of the business to the management teams led by the CEO.

Chairman

1. Nicholas Charles ALLEN (INED)                •    Leading the Board and ensuring its effectiveness
                                                •    Maintaining corporate reputation and character
                                                •    Developing and leading strategic issues and corporate governance
                                                •    Undertaking performance assessment of the CEO
                                                •    Ensuring effective communication between Unitholders and the Board


NED/INEDs(1)

2. Ian Keith GRIFFITHS (NED)                    •    Overseeing Link’s affairs through serving on the Board and Board Committees
3. Christopher John BROOKE (INED)               •    Addressing potential conflicts of interests
4. Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong (INED)                    •    Assessing Management’s performance in respect of agreed corporate goals
5. Jenny GU Jialin (INED)   (2)                      and business objectives
                                                •    Monitoring compliance and financial reporting
6. Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen (INED)
                                                •    Input into development of strategy
7. Blair Chilton PICKERELL (INED)
                                                •    Overseeing risk management and internal control
8. Poh Lee TAN (INED)(3)
                                                •    Approving Link’s statement of principal risks and its risk appetite
9. Peter TSE Pak Wing (INED)
                                                •    Scrutinising and challenging Management’s proposals and initiatives
10. Nancy TSE Sau Ling (INED)
                                                •    Reviewing remuneration policy and approving Directors’ remuneration
                                                •    Reviewing training and development of senior management


CEO and ED

11. George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                   •    Developing, driving and delivering performance against business plans agreed
                                                     by the Board
                                                •    Working together with the Board to develop Link’s strategy
                                                •    Supervising management team to ensure that Link is operated in accordance
                                                     with stated strategy, policy and regulation
                                                •    Driving organic and inorganic growth and business development
                                                •    Developing relationships with governments, regulators and investors




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022      9
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




CFO and ED

12. NG Kok Siong                                         •   Supporting the CEO in supervising the following functions:
                                                             –    financial control and reporting
                                                             –    capital management
                                                             –    business analytics
                                                             –    business and information technology solutions
                                                             –    procurement and quantity surveying
                                                             –    investor relations
                                                         •   Assisting the CEO in meeting investors and analysts to explain performance
                                                             and operational results
                                                         •   Regional Head of the Mainland China region


CLO(4)

Kenneth Tai Lun WONG                                     •   Supporting the CEO in overseeing the legal, company secretariat, compliance
                                                             and risk management functions of Link
                                                         •   Assisting the CEO in communications with regulatory authorities and
                                                             the Trustee
                                                         •   Reviewing and implementing corporate governance practices
                                                         •   Providing advice and support to the Board and keeping the Board updated on
                                                             regulatory and compliance issues
                                                         •   Named Company Secretary


COO-International(4)

Gregory Robert CHUBB                                     •   Supporting the CEO in overseeing Link’s asset management activities
                                                         •   Leasing and operations outside Mainland China and Hong Kong
                                                         •   Sustainability and ESG


CCDO(4)

Ronald THAM Seng Yum                                     •   Supporting the CEO in Group corporate development and strategies
                                                         •   Corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions
                                                         •   Capital transactions


Notes:
(1) Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG retired as INEDs on 31 January 2022
(2) Ms Jenny GU Jialin was appointed as an INED and a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee with effect from 17 August 2021
(3) Ms Poh Lee TAN was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 16 March 2022
(4) Senior management, not a Board member
(5) In May 2022, Mr Eric YAU Siu Kei ceased to be the CSO. His major roles during the year and up to the date of cessation included supporting the
    CEO on investor relationship and stakeholder communication matters, assisting the CEO to develop, communicate, execute and sustain corporate
    strategic initiatives, assisting the CEO in investor and analyst meetings to explain Link’s results and performance, overseeing external affairs,
    stakeholder management and corporate strategic initiatives, including corporate affairs and marketing, investor relations, sustainability and ESG, as
    well as corporate finance, and acting as regional head of the Australia and the United Kingdom regions




10       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Board Diversity
We believe a balanced and diverse Board brings a broad range of views to bear upon discussions and critical decision-making, and
mitigates against the potential for “group think”. During the year, enhancements were made to the Board Diversity Policy of Link to
further strengthen Link’s diversity framework. The Board Diversity Policy of Link is multi-faceted, stressing business experience, skill-
set, knowledge and professional expertise in addition to gender, ethnicity and age.
We see Board diversity as a contributor to Board effectiveness and the long-term success of Link. The Board Diversity Policy of
Link sets clear targets for Board composition. Board appointments are made on merit taking into account the business objectives
of Link and with regard to all aspects of diversity including (without limitation) background, ethnicity, age and gender. The Board
Diversity Policy stipulates a minimum representation of 20% of either gender. Given that INEDs serve a maximum of nine years, the
Board is continuously refreshed, bringing new skills and perspectives, supporting Link as it expands its business footprint. Link has
engaged an independent professional search firm to support in the identification of potential candidates for Board succession, with
consideration given to the diversity of the Board. Assisted by the Nomination Committee, the Board reviews annually the Board
Diversity Policy of Link.
During the year, Ms Jenny GU Jialin joined and Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG left the Board, resulting a slight
drop of female Board representation to 25%. In accordance with its annual practice of monitoring progress towards diversity, the
Nomination Committee and the Board reviewed the Board Diversity Policy of Link and was satisfied that the diversity of the Board, in
particular gender diversity, was appropriate.




                                  2022
                                         75% 25%                                                              2022
                                                                                                                     67% 33%
                                         Male        Female                                                          Chinese         Non-Chinese
         Gender                                                                 Ethnicity
                                  2021
                                         69% 31%                                                              2021
                                                                                                                     62% 38%
                                         Male        Female                                                          Chinese         Non-Chinese



Designation                                                              Age Group

2022                          75%                   8%     17%           2022       25%                        42%                   33%

2021                          77%                    8%     15%          2021    15%                      54%                         31%


2022     INEDs       NED    EDs                                          2022   45-55   56-65   66 or above
2021     INEDs       NED    EDs                                          2021   45-55   56-65   66 or above




Board Tenure
                                                                                                              2022

Jenny GU 2021
         (2)

Lincoln LEONG 2021                                                                                            25%                    8%
NG Kok Siong 2020                                                                 Core                        Real Estate related    Legal
Christopher BROOKE 2018                                                         Expertise

                                                                                                              50%                    17%
Blair PICKERELL 2016
Ed CHAN 2016
Nicholas ALLEN 2016
                                                                                                              Financial/Accounting   Other
Poh Lee TAN 2015
Nancy TSE 2014
Peter TSE 2014                                                                                                2021
George HONGCHOY 2009
Keith GRIFFITHS 2007
                                                                                                              30%                    8%
 INEDs         NED    EDs
                                                                                                              Real Estate related    Legal

Notes:
(1) 12 members as of 1 June 2022 against 13 members as of 17 June 2021
                                                                                                              54%                    8%
                                                                                                              Financial/Accounting   Other
(2) Appointed with effect from 17 August 2021


                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021/2022    11
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Workforce Diversity
Link is committed to upholding, protecting and embracing employees with different backgrounds, culture, gender and other life
experiences. Link maintains a highly diverse workforce; in terms of gender diversity, as at 31 March 2022, 52% of our staff were
female and 48% male.

Diversity of Skills and Expertise Shapes our Decision Making




Attendees                                                                                         INED Expertise

CEO                                                                                               Peter TSE (chairman)
Business perspective                                       Audit and                              Accounting/internal audit/
CFO                                                    Risk Management                            risk management
Financial perspective                                     Committee                               Jenny GU
CLO                                                                                               Commercial/accounting
                                                   •    Financial reporting
Legal/compliance/risk governance                        and disclosures                           Lincoln LEONG
Keith NG                                           •    Internal control and                      Commercial/finance/real estate
(Managing Director – Finance)                           risk management                           Poh Lee TAN
                                                   •    Monitoring of compliance                  Legal/compliance
Calvin KWAN
(Director – Sustainability &                                                                      Nancy TSE
Risk Governance)                                                                                  Public body administration/
Elaine YEUNG                                                                                      accounting/compliance/
(General Manager – Internal Audit)                                                                internal control




ED Expertise                                                                                      NED/INED Expertise
                                                          Finance and
CEO                                                       Investment                              Nicholas ALLEN (chairman)
Business perspective                                      Committee                               Finance and accounting

CFO                                                •                                              Keith GRIFFITHS
                                                        Investment decisions
Financial perspective                                                                             Building design/architecture
                                                   •    Asset enhancement
Attendee                                                decisions                                 Christopher BROOKE
                                                   •                                              Real estate market/
                                                        Financing/capital
                                                                                                  property investment
CLO                                                     management decisions
Legal/compliance/risk governance                                                                  Ed CHAN
                                                                                                  Retail and Mainland China




12    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




ED Expertise                                  Nomination                           INED Expertise
                                              Committee
CEO                                                                                Nicholas ALLEN (chairman)
                                        •   Board performance
Knowledge of Link’s history, existing                                              Listed companies and
and future Board requirements               evaluation process                     governance experience
                                        •   New Director nomination
Attendee                                                                           Blair PICKERELL
                                        •   Succession planning                    International business/
                                        •   Board diversity and                    MNC experience
CLO
                                            corporate governance
Legal/compliance/risk governance                                                   Poh Lee TAN
                                                                                   Legal/compliance




Attendees                                                                          INED Expertise
                                            Remuneration
CEO                                          Committee                             Blair PICKERELL (chairman)
Input on senior management                                                         International business/
performance                             •   Remuneration of the EDs                MNC experience
                                            and senior management
CLO                                                                                Christopher BROOKE
                                        •   Remuneration and
Legal/compliance/risk governance                                                   Real estate market/
                                            human capital policies
                                                                                   property investment
Phyllis NG                              •   Monitoring of compliance
(Managing Director –                                                               Ed CHAN
Human Resources)                                                                   Retail and Mainland China
Input on labour market conditions,
peer group benchmarking,
policy and market developments




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022   13
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




A Strong Board Process
Key Board Activities for the Year Ended 31 March 2022




Leadership and People                                                         Strategy and Community

Leadership planning, succession planning,                                     Corporate strategic decisions,
Board size, structure, composition, diversity                                 business plans, challenges and
and independence of INEDs, Board committee                                    growth, ESG and sustainability
functions, Directors’ fees and the development                                and public affairs
and compensation of the senior management




Governance and Compliance                                                     Accountability

Regulatory compliance review,                                                 Board evaluation and effectiveness
operational compliance review,                                                review, Board Committee reports
connected transaction compliance                                              and minutes review and regular
review and key corporate                                                      communication with Unitholders
governance development updates                       A Strong                 and other stakeholders

                                                   Board Process

Business and Investment                                                       Business and
                                                                              Financial Performance,
Asset management, property                                                    Reporting and Disclosure
valuation, property acquisitions,
capital recycling and investment                                              Business and financial performance
projects                                                                      review, interim and final results
                                                                              review, annual budget review,
                                                                              interim and final distribution
                                                                              payment to Unitholders,
Risk Management and Internal Control                                          capital management and
                                                                              review of the auditor’s fees
Risk management and internal control
systems and effectiveness review




14    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Board and Board Committee Meetings, Information and Support


Annual strategic review     •   A Board strategy retreat is held each year where Directors review, discuss and set Link’s
                                strategy. Business leaders and industry experts are invited to present on specific topics
                            •   In the lead up to the 2021 Board strategy retreat, a series of preparatory workshops were
                                held with the Board and staff in order to promulgate ideas and coalesce thinking in support of
                                discussion and decision making. At the strategy retreat itself, the Board re-iterated its support
                                of Vision 2025

Alerts and management       •   The Company Secretary alerts Directors in advance of the commencement of the interim or final
of inside information           results “black-out”, other ad hoc “black-outs” and where there is potential inside information, in
                                accordance with the Link Securities Dealing Code
                            •   The Company Secretary maintains records of meetings and discussions of Management, the
                                Board and/or Board Committee concerning the assessment of inside information, keeps a
                                register of inside information and updates the Directors on a regular basis

Notice                      •   At least 14 days in advance for regular Board/Board Committee meetings

Agenda, meeting and         •   Arrangements are in place to ensure Directors receive notice, agenda and meeting materials on
supporting materials            time in order that they may prepare for meetings
                            •   Agenda and meeting papers are uploaded to a private and secure electronic platform at least
                                five days in advance of meetings for regular meetings and at a time as agreed for ad hoc meetings
                            •   Board agenda items are reviewed by the Chairman and/or CEO
                            •   Standing agenda items are set to ensure that critical matters such as financial reporting, project
                                progress, capital management, internal control and risk management, and compliance issues
                                are addressed at regular Board and Board Committee meetings

Electronic and              •   Board meeting papers and supporting materials are circulated to Directors through a private
paperless meetings              and secure electronic platform. This enables timely distribution of information to Directors,
                                immediate online reference and interactive exchange of views among Directors
                            •   Monthly business updates, reading materials, and other information are also sent to all Directors
                                through this electronic platform

Meeting proceedings         •   Telephone and/or video conference participation is arranged for any Director who is unable to
                                attend a meeting in person and was utilised frequently during the financial year to ensure that
                                Directors were able to attend meetings without hinderance
                            •   The Board has adopted the practice of holding pre-meetings as appropriate at which
                                Management solicit views from Board members on certain agenda items and topics so as to
                                provide for a richer discussion in meeting
                            •   The Company Secretary keeps a full record of meeting attendance
                            •   Senior representatives from the Principal Valuer and the external auditor of Link are invited
                                to attend the Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings and the Board meetings for
                                approval of the portfolio valuation and the interim and final results
                            •   Each year the Audit and Risk Management Committee holds a closed session with the external
                                auditor, in the absence of Management
                            •   Management regularly attends Board and Board Committee meetings to deliberate on
                                proposals and present updates on operations. External speakers, guests and consultants are
                                invited to participate on specific topics




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022         15
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Minutes of meetings of          •   The Company Secretary attends all Board/Board Committee meetings
Board/Board Committees          •   Draft minutes are circulated for comment as soon as practicable post meeting
                                •   Minutes of each Board/Board Committee meeting are provided to all Directors to keep them
                                    abreast of matters discussed and decisions made thereat
                                •   All signed Board/Board Committee minutes and resolutions are kept by the Company Secretary
                                •   Papers and minutes, upon review by the Chairman and chairmen of the relevant Board
                                    Committees, are uploaded to the private and secure electronic platform for online reference
                                    by other Directors

Action tracking                 •   Management reports back to the Board/Board Committee on matters outstanding from
                                    previous meetings
                                •   The Company Secretary circulates to the Board all announcements immediately upon their
                                    publication on the websites of the Stock Exchange and Link

Regular reports                 •   The EDs and senior management regularly report to the Board on progress against business
and updates                         targets, ESG and sustainability, risk management and internal control, capital management and
                                    other developments. Strategy update forms a standing item for each scheduled meeting of the
                                    Board
                                •   Board Committee chairmen report their decisions and recommendations at Board meetings
                                •   The Board receives monthly business updates and investor feedback through briefings on
                                    interim results and final results roadshows

Professional advice             •   All Directors are entitled to independent professional advice on issues relevant to their
                                    function and duties, at the Manager’s expense. They have free and open contact with all levels
                                    of the management team. The Directors also meet and have lunches and gatherings with
                                    Management and staff to gain further insights into their work

Independent views               •   In addition to the professional advice above, the Board and the Board Committees may access
and input                           the advice of external independent professional consultants and advisors via the Company
                                    Secretary, as necessary and at the Manager’s reasonable expense. The Board reviews the
                                    implementation and effectiveness of independent input mechanisms on an annual basis

Induction program               •   A comprehensive and tailored induction program including site visits is provided to ensure each
for new Directors                   new Director is fully briefed on strategy and business of Link

Three-year                      •   A three-year meeting calendar for meetings of the Board and the Board Committees as well as
meeting calendar                    the annual general meeting is adopted allowing the NED/INEDs to plan their schedules
                                    in advance




16   Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Role of the Company Secretary
The Company Secretary supports the Chairman in running the Board, assists in the running of the Board Committees and provides
professional advice on corporate governance matters.
All Directors have access to the service and advice of the Company Secretary, who is responsible for ensuring that the practice and
procedures of the Board and Board Committees are followed and applicable rules and regulations are complied with.
The Company Secretary facilitates good information flows between the Board and Management, induction of new Directors
and Directors’ professional training. During the year under review, the Company Secretary has satisfactorily fulfilled the relevant
professional training requirements.
The Company Secretary is also the CLO and the SFC Compliance Manager of Link. He leads the legal, compliance, company
secretariat and risk management functions of the Manager. The profile of the Company Secretary appears on page 62 of
this report.

Meetings of the Board and the Board Committees
A total of 11 Board meetings, 24 Board Committee meetings and a two-day Board strategy retreat were held during the year under
review. Senior management and other employees are invited to attend and present at Board meetings providing Directors further
opportunity to critically challenge and review management proposals and initiatives. Our NED and INEDs have direct access to senior
management and other employees as necessary.
The number of meetings held by the Board and Board Committee meetings during the year under review exceeded the minimum
number of meetings recommended by the Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code. The annual Board strategy retreat was held in
September 2021.
Due to the ongoing COVID pandemic, Directors and participants at Board or Board Committee meetings attended meetings as
necessary by video conference to facilitate full participation.



2021                                                                                                      2022

Apr         May         Jun         Jul         Aug        Sep       Oct        Nov          Dec          Jan         Feb     Mar
FIC         B           B           B           B          BR        B          B                         B           B       B
            B           ARMC        FIC         ARMC       FIC       FIC        B                         FIC         FIC     ARMC
            FIC         FIC         NC          ARMC                            ARMC                                          FIC
            RC          NC          AGM         FIC                             FIC                                           NC
                                                                                FIC                                           RC
                                                                                NC
                                                                                RC


B:      Board meeting                                                  NC:    Nomination Committee meeting
BR:     Board strategy retreat                                         RC:    Remuneration Committee meeting
ARMC:   Audit and Risk Management Committee meeting                    AGM:   Annual general meeting of Unitholders
FIC:    Finance and Investment Committee meeting




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022    17
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Directors’ Attendance at Meetings

                                                                   Directors’ meeting attendance during the year
                                                                  (Number of meetings attended/eligible to attend)

                                                          Audit and Risk     Finance and
                                                           Management        Investment           Nomination    Remuneration
Name                                          Board         Committee        Committee            Committee      Committee       2021 AGM

Current Directors
Nicholas Charles ALLEN                       12/12(C)            –             12/12(C)             4/4(C)           –               1/1
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                     12/12              –               12/12               4/4             –               1/1
NG Kok Siong                                  12/12              –               11/12                –              –               1/1
Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                           12/12              –               12/12                –              –               0/1
Christopher John BROOKE                       12/12              –               12/12                –             3/3              1/1
Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                            12/12              –               12/12                –             3/3              1/1
Jenny GU Jialin(1)                             8/8              3/3                –                  –              –                 –
Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen                       12/12             5/5                –                  –              –               1/1
Blair Chilton PICKERELL                       12/12              –                 –                 4/4           3/3(C)            1/1
Poh Lee TAN    (2)
                                              12/12             5/5                –                1/1   (3)
                                                                                                                     –               1/1
Peter TSE Pak Wing                            11/12           5/5(C)               –                  –              –               1/1
Nancy TSE Sau Ling                            11/12             5/5                –                  –              –               1/1
Former Directors
May Siew Boi TAN(4)                           9/10              4/4                –                 3/3            2/2              1/1
Elaine Carole YOUNG(5)                        10/10              –               10/10                –             2/2              0/1

In attendance
Company Secretary                             12/12             5/5              11/12               4/4            2/3              1/1
External auditor                               2/2              2/2                –                  –              –               1/1
Head of Internal Audit                          –               5/5                –                  –              –                 –
Head of Risk Management                         –               4/4                –                  –              –                 –
Principal Valuer                               2/2              2/2                –                  –              –                 –

Total no. of meetings held                     12(7)             5                 12                 4              3                 1
Minimum no. of meetings                         4                3                 4                  2              2                 1
  required(6)

Approximate average duration                  2.3(8)            2.7               1.8                1.5            1.8               0.5
 per meeting (hour)

C: Chairman/chairman of Board Committee
Notes:
(1) Appointed as an INED and a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee with effect from 17 August 2021
(2) Appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 16 March 2022
(3) By invitation to attend the meeting prior to joining as a member on 16 March 2022
(4) Retired as an INED and a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee
    on 31 January 2022
(5) Retired as an INED and a member of the Finance and Investment Committee and the Remuneration Committee on 31 January 2022
(6) Minimum number of meetings required by the Link Corporate Governance Policy or terms of reference of the respective Board Committees
(7) A total of 11 Board meetings and a two-day Board strategy retreat were held during the year
(8) Excluding the two-day Board strategy retreat




18       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




The Chairman, the chairmen of Board Committees, the CEO along with other Directors as shown above attended the 2021 AGM to
meet with and answer questions from Unitholders. At the 2021 AGM, the CEO reported on matters raised by and comments from
Unitholders at the prior-year’s annual general meeting.
During the year, Directors also participated actively in Link’s affairs outside the boardroom. This included community events organised
under the Link Together Initiatives programme and events sponsored by, or in which Link otherwise participated. The Chairman and
Directors participated in these community events with support of Corporate Affairs.

Nomination Process and Support for Directors
Link’s succession planning arrangements and activities
The Board has a strong culture of integrity, professionalism and responsible governance.
The Nomination Committee maintains an ongoing process for Board succession planning. This serves to support the culture of
the Board and provides for a smooth transition in respect of the continual refreshment of the Board. The Board retains the overall
responsibility for oversight of the succession plan for the INEDs, NED, EDs and senior management.
Following annual review of the composition of the Board and Board Committees, the Nomination Committee concluded that the
Board’s diversity was appropriate and had met the relevant Link policy and regulatory standards and that the Board composition
comprised the appropriate skills, capabilities and expertise.
During the year under review, the Nomination Committee reviewed Link’s Board succession plan, taking into account Board
evaluation outputs, the anticipated retirement of Directors and the optimal Board and Board Committee size, composition and also
the appropriate levels of diversity. Central to the succession planning process is a detailed analysis of the future skills and expertise
required of the Board and the Board Committees to execute Vision 2025.

Nomination of Potential Director Candidates
Link utilises independent external consultants to support the nomination process. Following a tender process, Heidrick & Struggles
was selected to assist the Nomination Committee as regards INED succession planning, during the year under review. The
nomination process is conducted by reference to the Nomination Committee’s succession planning, all appointments are made on
merit, taking into account all aspects of diversity such as (and without limitation) skill-set, industry expertise and experience, background,
ethnicity, age and gender. The Nomination Committee also undertakes succession planning for EDs and oversees succession planning for
senior management.
During the year, Heidrick & Struggles assisted the Nomination Committee in developing detailed search criteria for future INED roles.
Against these criteria, and taking into consideration the gender of retiring INEDs a pool of predominantly female candidates was
identified and those shortlisted were interviewed by each member of the Nomination Committee.
Following this process, the Nomination Committee endorsed the appointment of Ms Jenny GU Jialin as an INED and a member of the
Audit and Risk Management Committee and, the Board approved this appointment with effect from 17 August 2021. During the
year, the Nomination Committee also reviewed its composition and endorsed Ms Poh Lee TAN as a member for the Board’s approval.
The appointment of Ms Poh Lee TAN to the Nomination Committee took effect from 16 March 2022.

Appointment and Induction for New Directors
Link provides a formal, bespoke induction process for new Directors to aid in their understanding of Link’s strategy, operations and
key risks and challenges. The induction process provides for site visits and individual meetings with a range of senior members of
staff to ensure Directors are familiar with the business ‘beyond the boardroom’.
To best support Ms Jenny GU Jialin’s joining Link, a tailored induction plan was structured taking into consideration her knowledge
of the Chinese commercial market and her accounting background. Her induction also provided for a focus on the Hong Kong REIT regime.
In accordance with the Articles, all newly-appointed Directors are subject to election by Unitholders at the first annual general
meeting of Link following his/her appointment. Therefore, Ms Jenny GU Jialin will be subject to retirement and election by Unitholders
at the upcoming annual general meeting of Link.
Further details on Ms Jenny GU Jialin are set out in her biography on page 59 of this report and further information on the work of the
Nomination Committee during the year is provided on pages 40 to 41 of this report.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2021/2022       19
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Directors undertake continuous professional development and training programmes to keep abreast of the latest industry
developments and as concerns their respective areas of expertise and professions. During the year, the Directors received briefings
from the Company Secretary on the latest legal and regulatory developments which have a bearing on their duties. Distinguished
speakers were also invited to present to the Directors and Management to help develop and refresh their skills and knowledge.
Directors also attended seminars run by professional bodies and industry associations. The Chairman and the CEO spoke at industry
conferences and seminars of professional associations.
The EDs also developed and refreshed their skills and knowledge of Link’s business via a number of means, including giving
presentations to investors and analysts, speaking at industry conferences and meeting with Government officials as well as attending
seminars run by professional bodies.
The Company Secretary keeps records of Directors’ training for regular review by the Nomination Committee and the Board. The
on-going training and professional development undertaken by Directors in the year under review is as follows:

                                                                                     Attending seminars/               Reading regulatory and
                                                                                 training courses/talks/other        compliance updates/updates
Name                                                                             professional development(1)           given at Board meetings

Nicholas Charles ALLEN
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
NG Kok Siong
Ian Keith GRIFFITHS
Christopher John BROOKE
Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong
Jenny GU Jialin
Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen
Blair Chilton PICKERELL
Poh Lee TAN
Peter TSE Pak Wing
Nancy TSE Sau Ling
May Siew Boi TAN (retired on 31 January 2022)
Elaine Carole YOUNG (retired on 31 January 2022)

Note:
(1) Other professional development included attending or speaking at forums, visiting Link’s properties, and participating in seminars, conferences and
    other briefings organised by other professional bodies, etc.




20      Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




On-going Board Performance Evaluation
The Board has implemented an open, transparent performance-based culture. In accordance with the precepts of this culture and in
line with best practice, an external Board evaluation is conducted triennially, with an internal Board evaluation conducted in each of
the intervening years. These evaluations are overseen by the Nomination Committee and the results are presented to the full Board.

Formal Board Performance Evaluation
Having conducted an external Board evaluation for the FY2019/2020, the Board this year again conducted an internal evaluation.
The FY2022/23 Board evaluation will be conducted externally. The internal evaluation process consisted of a series of one-to-
one conversations between the Chairman and each member of the Board and questionnaires for completion by each of the Board
members and senior management.
Progress against any actions arising from prior year evaluations are tracked and reported to the Board and the Nomination
Committee. The internal Board evaluation questionnaire comprised a set of core questions, so as to provide for multi-year
comparative analysis, with additional questions providing opportunity to address matters such as prior year and emergent themes.
The scope of the evaluation covered the Board as a whole, its four committees (the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the
Finance and Investment Committee, the Nomination Committee, and the Remuneration Committee), and the individual Directors.
Amongst a number of areas, the following aspects of the Board’s operating framework were examined in the process of the
2021/2022 Board Evaluation (“2021/2022 Board Evaluation”):
(i) Board dynamics and culture;
(ii) Structure, composition, capability and succession planning;
(iii) Strategy; and
(iv) ESG.
The findings and recommendations from the evaluation were presented to the Board in June 2022. Based on the information
provided, as well as the comprehensive questionnaire responses and interviews, it was concluded that the Board continues to operate
effectively and observes the Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code and applicable regulations. The Board and Management have
implemented improvements from the prior evaluations, notably around Vision 2025 and the ongoing refreshment of the Board, in line
with Link’s strategic objectives.
The Board continues to be committed in enhancing its effectiveness in line with international best practice, and will work towards
incorporating the recommendations from this year’s evaluation in its sustained pursuit of corporate governance excellence.
Based on the findings of the 2021/2022 Board Evaluation, the Nomination Committee and the Board considered that the Board
performed effectively during the year under review.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022      21
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Remuneration Policy
Our Remuneration Philosophy
Our approach to reward is meritocratic and market competitive, underpinned by an ethical and value-based performance culture
that aligns the interests of our employees with those of our Unitholders. Our remuneration strategy supports this objective through
balancing business goals against long-term sustainable performance.
We judge performance not only by what has been achieved, but also by how it is (and will continue to be) achieved on a sustainable
basis. Individual remuneration is determined through the assessment of performance delivered against short-term and long-term
business targets as well as adherence to Link’s Vision, Mission and Values.

The three Cornerstones of our Remuneration Strategy




                                                             Market                                    Pay for
                 Governance                               Benchmarking                               Performance




     •   No individual is involved in          •   Directors’ fees and pay levels       •   Remuneration outcomes reflect
         determining his/her own                   of EDs and senior management             performance, results, responsibility
         remuneration                              are benchmarked against local            as well as Link’s vision, mission
     •   The remuneration of the senior            and overseas public/listed               and values
         management is reviewed and                corporations in the same industry    •   Balanced Scorecard-Executives’
         approved by the Remuneration                                                       performance and remuneration are
         Committee                                                                          comprehensively assessed against
     •   The remuneration of Directors is                                                   a spectrum of key performance
         approved by the Board after review                                                 indicators with balanced weighting
         by and upon the recommendation                                                     on financial outcome and non-
         of the Remuneration Committee,                                                     financial contributions
         with the advice of an independent                                              •   Total remuneration strategy with
         external consultant                                                                components of discretionary
                                                                                            cash bonus and Long-term
                                                                                            Incentive Scheme awards driving
                                                                                            performance of EDs and senior
                                                                                            management for Link’s
                                                                                            long-term success




22    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Approval Process of Remuneration


                                      Board
                                      (chaired by an INED and comprising a majority of INEDs)
                                      •   Approval of the remuneration of the CEO and the CFO upon the
                                          recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, with the Board
                                          meeting in private discussion in the absence of EDs and Management
                                      •   Approval of Directors’ fees upon the recommendation of the
                                          Remuneration Committee
                                      •   Approval of the grant of Long-term Incentive Scheme awards to Directors
                                          upon the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee




                                      Remuneration Committee
                                      (all INEDs)
                                      •   Review of and recommendation to the Board of the remuneration
                                          packages and grant of Long-term Incentive Scheme awards to EDs
                                          –   the Chairman to brief the Remuneration Committee on the
                                              performance of the CEO
                                          –   the CEO to brief the Remuneration Committee on the performance of
                                              the CFO and senior management
                                      •   Review of and recommendation to the Board’s approval of Directors’ fees
                                          based on market data and independent external consultant’s advice
                                      •   Approval of pay increases, discretionary bonuses and grants of Long-
                                          term Incentive Scheme awards to senior management
                                      •   Review of the remuneration policy of Link’s employees to ensure that they
                                          are in line with the market and stay competitive to attract and retain high
                                          performing employees for Link’s growth




                                      Management
                                      (EDs and senior management)
                                      •   Annual performance review based on Link’s performance and competency
                                          frameworks
                                      •   EDs and senior management performed 360° leadership assessments
                                          facilitated by an independent external consultant
                                      •   Pay level, discretionary bonus and pay increment benchmarked against
                                          market level
                                      •   A significant portion of the EDs and senior management’s remuneration
                                          is linked to their individual performance on agreed KPIs in addition to
                                          the financial performance of Link, and in appropriate cases, with deferral
                                          elements




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022       23
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Structure of Remuneration
                                                                                         FY2021/2022

                                                                                            Senior             Other
Types of remuneration and benefits             NED and INEDs                    EDs       management         employees            Further details

Directors’ fees(1)                                                                                                                 See page 24
Basic salary                                                                                                                       See page 24
Discretionary cash bonus                                                                                                           See page 25
Long-term Incentive                                                                                                 (3)
                                                                                                                                   See page 25
  Scheme award
EUPP                                                                                                                               See page 49
Mandatory Provident Fund and                              (2)                     (2)
                                                                                                                                   See page 25
 other benefits

Notes:
(1) Directors’ fees are not payable to EDs
(2) All Directors are covered by directors’ and officers’ liability insurance
(3) Selected manager-grade or above employees may be granted Long-term Incentive Scheme awards upon EDs’ recommendation and Remuneration
    Committee’s approval, and such awards have performance-linked or tenure-based vesting conditions


Remuneration for Directors and Management
Types of remuneration and benefits              Framework and policy                             Governance

Directors’ fees                                 •   Base fees only and payable according         •   Review of fees by the Remuneration
  (INEDs and NED only)                              to roles, responsibilities and time              Committee and approval by the Board on
                                                    commitment and benchmarked against               a yearly basis
                                                    market level of peer companies
                                                                                                 •   Full review of fees with an independent
                                                                                                     external consultant’s input every
                                                                                                     two years
                                                                                                 •   Fee adjustment spread over two years


Long-term Incentive Scheme award                •   Based on a pre-set and fixed percentage      •   Approval of grants by the Board
  (INEDs and NED)                                   of their fees and vested on a tenure basis
                                                                                                 •   Approval of vesting by the
                                                    with no performance-linked target
                                                                                                     Remuneration Committee


Basic salary                                    •   Fixed-cash component of total                •   Review every year with the assistance
  (EDs and senior management)                       remuneration benchmarked against                 of an independent external consultant by
                                                    comparable peers to recruit and retain key       the Remuneration Committee, and in the
                                                    leaders and managers                             case of the CEO and the CFO, approval by
                                                                                                     the Board




24       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Types of remuneration and benefits     Framework and policy                               Governance

Discretionary cash bonus               •   Variable cash component of total               •   The aggregate total pool for all employees
  (EDs and senior management)              remuneration to drive and reward                   as well as EDs is reviewed and approved
                                           performance                                        by the Remuneration Committee, and
                                                                                              in the case of the CEO and the CFO,
                                       •   Discretionary nature depending on the
                                                                                              approved by the Board
                                           achievement of financial and non-financial
                                           KPIs measured against Link’s strategic         •   Market survey benchmarking against local
                                           objectives                                         and international peers, with the support
                                                                                              of an independent external consultant,
                                       •   Significant portion of the discretionary
                                                                                              every year
                                           bonus for EDs and an appropriate portion
                                           of the same for senior management              •   Review every year by the Remuneration
                                           are delivered on a deferred basis                  Committee with the assistance of an
                                           commensurate with the progress in                  independent external consultant
                                           achieving such objectives, which will be
                                           forfeited if the individual resigns or
                                           is dismissed “for-cause” during the
                                           deferral period


Long-term Incentive Scheme award       •   Unit-based component of total                  •   Approval by the Remuneration Committee
  (EDs and senior management)              remuneration to attract talent, incentivise        on grants and KPI targets to senior
                                           performance and retain key personnel for           management and key performing
                                           achieving the strategic goals of Link              employees
                                       •   Discretionary in nature and subject to a       •   Approval by the Board on grants to the
                                           three-year vesting period. Performance-            CEO and the CFO (upon recommendation
                                           linked Units are subject to the satisfaction       of the Remuneration Committee)
                                           of vesting conditions which are calibrated
                                                                                          •   Remuneration Committee to approve
                                           against business performance as
                                                                                              vesting on satisfaction of relevant KPIs
                                           measured by a composite of target
                                                                                              with advice from the external auditor
                                           parameters including distribution per Unit,
                                           gross asset value and absolute total Unit
                                           return to Unitholders. Tenure-based Units
                                           do not have performance-linked targets
                                       •   Vesting references Unit price of Link over
                                           a period of consecutive trading days after
                                           announcing financial results


Pension and other benefits             •   Providing employment benefits in compliance with statutory requirements
                                       •   Providing other benefits in line with market practices, such as:
                                           –   annual leave, maternity/paternity leave and birthday leave
                                           –   medical insurance, life and personal accident insurance
                                           –   flexi-dollars to provide flexible benefits covering individual medical and wellness
                                               needs
                                           –   reimbursement of monthly subscription of clubs, reimbursement of professional
                                               memberships and seminar course fees, and Link-sponsored learning and
                                               development programmes



As stated in Note 33(d) to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 148 to 150 of this report, the following sections with the
heading “Audited” on pages 26 to 28 of this report form part of the Consolidated Financial Statements and have been audited by the
Group’s auditor.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022         25
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Remuneration awarded to the NED and INEDs
In FY2021/2022, the Remuneration Committee has performed a review of fee levels with independent advice from Aon Solutions
Hong Kong Limited (“Aon”). There will be no changes to NED/INEDs fees for FY2022/2023. The annual NED/INEDs fees for
FY2021/2022 and FY2022/2023 are as follows:

                                                                           FY2021/2022                          FY2022/2023

                                                                   Chairman            Member           Chairman          Member
                                                                     HK$                 HK$              HK$                 HK$

Board                                                             2,094,000            630,000          2,094,000         630,000
Audit and Risk Management Committee                                215,000             150,000           215,000          150,000
Finance and Investment Committee                                   170,000             126,000           170,000          126,000
Nomination Committee                                               120,000             76,000            120,000          76,000
Remuneration Committee                                             151,000             107,000           151,000          107,000


In addition to a base fee according to the roles and responsibilities above, NED/INEDs are entitled to Long-term Incentive Scheme
awards valued at 70% of their individual total annualised fees. This Long-term Incentive Scheme award is granted on a tenure basis
with no performance-linked target.

Remuneration awarded to EDs (Audited)
Based on the remuneration framework and policy on pages 22 to 25 of this report and with the input from an independent
external consultant, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed and recommended to the Board and the Board approved, the total
remuneration and/or its components awarded to the EDs for performance year 2021/2022 is set out in the table below:

Total remuneration awarded for the performance year 2021/2022

                                                                                                        Long-term
                                                           Short-term remuneration                     remuneration
                                                                                          Variable       Long-term
                                               Base salary,                          remuneration         Incentive
                                            allowance and        Contribution to         related to        Scheme
Name                                        other benefits(2)   pension scheme        performance(3)        awards(4)               Total
                                                 HK$’000               HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000

George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                          10,149                     18           31,104           35,833             77,104
NG Kok Siong   (1)
                                                     5,060                    18           12,402             9,167            26,647




26      Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Total remuneration awarded for the performance year 2020/2021

                                                                                                                  Long-term
                                                             Short-term remuneration                             remuneration
                                                                                                Variable            Long-term
                                                Base salary,                               remuneration              Incentive
                                             allowance and         Contribution to             related to             Scheme
Name                                         other benefits(2)    pension scheme            performance(3)             awards(4)                  Total
                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000               HK$’000               HK$’000                HK$’000

George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                            10,152                       18              29,158                35,833                 75,161
NG Kok Siong(1)                                        7,516                      18              12,692                  7,700                27,926

Notes:
(1) Appointed as ED with effect from 1 February 2020. Mr NG Kok Siong entered into a service agreement with the Manager when he joined Link
    as CFO on 3 May 2018. Pursuant to the service agreement, Mr NG Kok Siong was granted HK$2,450,000 in performance year 2020/2021 as
    compensation for income loss as a result of forfeiture of certain awards granted by his former employer on joining Link.
(2) Other benefits include leave pay, insurance premiums, club membership fees, care subsidy and vaccination bonus.
(3) The variable remuneration is performance-related, subject to achievements against pre-determined financial and non-financial performance
    targets. Included in the variable remuneration awarded for the performance year 2021/2022, amount of HK$18,662,499 and HK$12,441,666
    will be paid to Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY in the year 2022/2023 and year 2023/2024 respectively, and amount of HK$7,441,172 and
    HK$4,960,781 will be paid to Mr NG Kok Siong in the year 2022/2023 and year 2023/2024 respectively.
(4) Long-term Incentive Scheme award in terms of cash, performance units and/or restricted units are granted to key executives to reward them for
    long-term business performance and success of Link, while also retaining them. Values of the Long-term Incentive Scheme awards are calculated
    based on the target number of Units times the grant price as determined under the 2017 LTI Scheme, and do not represent the actual value of the
    awards at the time of vesting. There is no commitment that the number of Units with the above target values will be vested. The eventual amounts
    to be vested depends on achievement against certain financial targets, service related vesting conditions and future Unit prices. Details on the
    Long-term Incentive Scheme are set out in the section headed ‘Long-term Incentive Scheme of this report. Details on the actual awards vested or
    lapsed are set out on pages 71 to 77 of this report.
(5) The total remuneration is calculated based on the variable remuneration and the Long-term Incentive Scheme awards approved by the Board.
    The actual paid variable remuneration for the respective years are set out in Note (4) above, and the details of the values of Long-term Incentive
    Schemes recognised during the year are set out on pages 71 to 77 of this report.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022             27
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Remuneration paid and recognised for the NED and INEDs (Audited)
The figures below represent amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement under Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards for the years ended 31 March, where fees are paid in cash and a portion of the Long-term Incentive Scheme awards are
recognised in FY2021/2022 as it relates to the individual NED and INEDs, as below:

                                                              2022                                                       2021

                                                            Long-term                                                  Long-term
                                                             Incentive                                                  Incentive
                                                              Scheme                                                     Scheme
                                               Fees          provision(3)             Total               Fees          provision(3)             Total
Name                                      HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000

Current Directors
Nicholas Charles ALLEN                        2,384               1,569              3,953               2,359               1,580              3,939
Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                             756                  482             1,238                 714                  479             1,193
Christopher John BROOKE                         863                  503             1,366                 716                  460             1,176
Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                              863                  529             1,392                 778                  509             1,287
Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen                         780                  154               934                   66                   –                 66
Blair Chilton PICKERELL                         857                 538              1,395                 802                 520              1,322
Poh Lee TAN                                     783                 518              1,301                 780                 523              1,303
Jenny GU Jialin(1)                              485                    –               485                    –                   –                   –
Peter TSE Pak Wing                              845                  560             1,405                 845                  568             1,413
Nancy TSE Sau Ling                              780                  518             1,298                 780                  523             1,303
Former Directors
May Siew Boi TAN(2)                             807              1,183(4)            1,990                 899                  603             1,502
Elaine Carole YOUNG    (2)
                                                724              1,040  (4)
                                                                                     1,764                 778                  521             1,299

Total                                        10,927               7,594             18,521               9,517               6,286             15,803


Notes:
(1) Appointed on 17 August 2021
(2) Retired on 31 January 2022
(3) These represent the estimated value of tenure-based restricted unit awards as valued by an independent external valuer, based on valuation
    techniques and assumptions on Unit price, outstanding length of the awards and other market conditions, if appropriate and charged to the
    consolidated income statement over the vesting period. The amounts are impacted by the time of appointment/retirement of the concerned
    Director as well as movements in the Unit price, wherever applicable
(4) These figures represent the number of Units in respect of which the Restricted Unit Awards were vested during the year in respect of the acceleration
    of vesting by Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG following their retirement as INEDs on 31 January 2022. However, due to
    certain restrictions of the 2017 LTI Scheme rules, the purchase of the Units for each of the respective INED on vesting of these relevant Restricted
    Unit Awards and the payment of the Conditional Cash Awards attached to these Restricted Unit Awards had not been arranged as at 31 March
    2022. Hence, the Units to be purchased on vesting of these Restricted Unit Awards and the payment of the Conditional Cash Awards attached
    to these Restricted Unit Awards are considered payables to Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG. Based on the accounting
    standards, the fair value of these payables as at 31 March 2022 is calculated by the number of Units vested multiplied by the market price of the
    Units as at 31 March 2022




28       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Internal Control and Risk Management
Board Responsibility
The Board (as assisted by the Audit and Risk Management Committee) is responsible for maintaining and reviewing the effectiveness
of the internal control and risk management systems and determining the nature and extent of the risk Link may take in achieving its
strategic objectives. It acknowledges that such controls and systems can only manage but not eliminate risks and provide reasonable
and not absolute assurance against loss or material misstatement. The Board has received confirmation from Management of the
effectiveness of Link’s risk management and internal control systems.
With the assistance of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Board had reviewed and was satisfied with the effectiveness
and adequacy of the internal control and risk management systems for the year under review, having had regard to the key processes
of Link. This was achieved primarily through:
•   approving the annual plan and resourcing of internal audit
•   reviewing the findings, recommendations, and follow-up actions of internal audit work
•   reviewing regulatory and operational compliance reports
•   approving work plan and resourcing of the risk management function
•   reviewing quarterly risk management activity reports
•   reviewing the corporate risk register and monitoring movements of key risks
•   reviewing controls and procedures of financial reporting and the interim and annual financial statements
•   reviewing the nature, scope of work and reports of the external auditor

Structure of Controls and Risk Management
Led by the Board, Management monitors the risks associated with Link’s business on an on-going basis.
Procedures and control measures have been implemented including: a corporate risk register, where business risks, operational risks,
financial risks, ESG risks, compliance and reputational risks are recorded and calibrated according to severity of impact and probability
of occurrence. The risks recorded and their movements are monitored by the risk management team with department heads as risk
owners.
The key risks are reported on a monthly basis to the EDs and senior management for monitoring and agreement of mitigating actions
(if appropriate), and quarterly to the Audit and Risk Management Committee for review and on-going monitoring. The Board also
reviews the principal risks annually.
Details of the internal control processes and risk management framework are discussed on pages 20 to 23 of the Strategic Report of
Annual Report 2021/2022.
Monitoring protocols and controls have also been put in place to address specific compliance areas including anti-competition
behaviour, data privacy, Common Reporting Standard and FATCA in addition to other on-going regulatory compliance and monitoring.
Any material internal control defects, should they be identified, are required to be promptly escalated to senior management or the
Audit and Risk Management Committee as appropriate, and remediation plans executed accordingly.

Audit and Risk Management Committee’s Review
The Audit and Risk Management Committee, assisted by the Internal Audit and Risk Management functions, reports to the Board on
key risks, residual risks, their relative movement and, if necessary, mitigating measures in the overall risk management framework of
Link. Regular reports from the internal control and risk management functions are submitted to senior management and the Audit and
Risk Management Committee. The respective department heads of Internal Audit and Risk Management functions attend all Audit
and Risk Management Committee meetings. The Audit and Risk Management Committee also reviews and endorses the annual risk
assessment results, and recommends the principal risks for the Board’s review and approval. Further information on the work of the
Audit and Risk Management Committee during the year is provided on pages 35 to 37 of this report.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022       29
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Whistle-blowing, Anti-corruption and Other Key Policies
Link is committed to high standards of openness, probity, accountability and good corporate governance in conducting its business.
The Manager has a whistle-blowing policy which provides a clear procedure and a trusted avenue for staff and other stakeholders
including suppliers, service providers or business partners of Link, in reporting concerns of irregularities, malpractice or impropriety
in the workplace, in good faith. The Audit and Risk Management Committee is the ultimate approver of the whistle-blowing policy,
which is available on our corporate website. The day-to-day responsibility for administration of the whistle-blowing policy is
delegated to the department head of Internal Audit, who is required to notify the Audit and Risk Management Committee of such
reportable conduct periodically and as appropriate.
The Manager considers that its whistle-blowing and anti-corruption practices and policies are fundamental to good corporate
governance. Such policies form a key element of Link’s internal control framework, which is overseen by the Board in conjunction with
the Audit and Risk Management Committee. To set business standards and ensure integrity in business practices, the Manager has
embedded in the staff code of conduct a set of up-to-date anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies.
Link’s policy suite specifically addresses: fraud; insider trading; money laundering; and bribery (including kickbacks and facilitation
payments). Our internal control framework requires that we operate in compliance with all applicable law and regulation including that
applying to tax and human rights. All staff receive regular training and are required, on an annual basis, to re-affirm compliance with the
Link’s code of conduct which address such matters.

External Auditor
The external auditor reports on any control issues identified in the course of its interim review and annual audit work on Link’s
financial and business results. The external auditor of Link reviews and advises on the adequacy of Link’s internal control and risk
management systems.

Conflicts of Interest
The Manager has instituted stringent procedures, including for compliance with the internal General Guidelines on Declaration and
Avoidance of Conflicts of Interest, to monitor and deal with conflict of interest issues. In particular:
(i) Directors are required to report immediately and confirm periodically any changes in their directorships and positions held in other
    companies and organisations to the Manager. The Manager maintains a register with respect to such outside directorships and
    positions of the Directors and makes filings with the SFC in the manner as required by the SFO. Management checks transactions
    against the register and performs periodic and sample checking to detect and deal with potential connected party transactions in
    the manner as required under the REIT Code.
(ii) Directors are required to declare their direct or indirect interests. A Director will not be counted in the quorum for a transaction in
     which he/she is interested.
(iii) Unitholders cannot vote on (nor will they be counted in the quorum for) a transaction in which they have a material interest which is
      different from the interest of other Unitholders as a whole.
(iv) The Manager does not manage any REITs other than Link.
(v) All connected party transactions are managed in accordance with the requirements of the REIT Code, the procedures prescribed
    in the Compliance Manual and the conditions of the waivers granted by the SFC relevant to the types of connected party
    transactions in question. Connected party transactions are subject to regular monitoring by the Audit and Risk Management
    Committee and regular periodic review by the Trustee, the internal audit team, Link’s external auditor, and also by the SFC
    upon inspection.




30    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Communications with Unitholders and Unitholders’ Rights
Transparency is a key to good corporate governance. The Manager sees communications with Unitholders and other stakeholders
as an important component of Link’s corporate governance framework. It proactively engages Unitholders and other stakeholders
through effective channels to articulate the business objectives and progress of Link and collect their views and suggestions. During
the year under review, the Board adopted the Unitholder Communication Policy which sets out means by which Link promotes
effective and comprehensive communication with the Unitholders and the wider investment community, with the aim of ensuring
equal and timely access to information about Link. The policy also sets out the means by which Unitholders and the wider investment
community may engage with Link. The policy is reviewed on an annual basis to ensure its implementation and effectiveness and is
available on our corporate website: Linkreit.com.
EDs, Management, and our investor relations team attend conferences and seminars organised by the investment community and
hold regular meetings and conference calls with institutional investors and analysts. In view of COVID, these meetings and events
were predominately held virtually in FY2021/2022. The Board receives from Management regular investor relations activity reports
and briefings, which include feedback from meetings with institutional investors, stockbrokers and debt investors, analysts’ forecasts,
research reports, latest market developments and Link’s Unit price performance.
The Manager also proactively engages the media and community interest groups to explain and gauge their views on the activities
of Link.
Investors and Unitholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board in writing at the Manager’s registered office (at 20/F.,
Tower 1, The Quayside, 77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong) or by email (ir@linkreit.com) or through the customer
service contact hotline (telephone no. at (852) 2122 9000). Any Unitholder who wishes to put forward a proposal may also send a
written request to the Manager (for the attention of the Company Secretary). Details of the rights of Unitholders, and the procedures,
to put forward a proposal are set out on pages 47 to 48 of this report.
During the year under review, the Manager:
•   held news conferences with media and analyst briefings following the announcement of the FY2020/2021 final results and the
    FY2021/2022 interim results. In view of COVID, instead of physical meetings, the news conferences and analyst briefings for the
    FY2021/2022 interim results were conducted by live webcast. Questions were raised to the Management through online portal.
    For both the interim and full-year results, the Chairman, the CEO and the CFO attended the news conferences and/or analyst
    briefings;
•   held the 2021 AGM, supported with webcast arrangements, where Directors met with Unitholders and the CEO reported to
    Unitholders on matters and comments raised at the prior year’s annual general meeting;
•   attended investor conferences and held post-results non-deal roadshows via physical and virtual meetings, conference calls both
    in Hong Kong and overseas to explain the strategies, business developments, and the sustainability efforts of Link and promote
    transparency and interactive communications with Unitholders and the investment community;
•   proactively engaged Hong Kong, Mainland China and overseas media, and attended TV and radio interviews, to articulate the
    position of Link on current social, business and other issues that were of interest to the community and investors;
•   proactively engaged proxy advisors on latest corporate governance trends;
•   published the interim and full-year results, the interim and annual reports and other corporate communications of Link within the
    time frame and in accordance with the requirements of the REIT Code and the Listing Rules;
•   updated Link’s corporate website (Linkreit.com) on an on-going basis to keep Unitholders and other stakeholders abreast of latest
    developments of Link; and
•   responded to questions from Unitholders in a timely manner.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022      31
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Distribution Policy
It is the distribution policy of the Manager to provide Unitholders with regular distributions semi-annually after the Board approves
the interim and full-year results of Link.
Under the REIT Code as well as the Trust Deed, Link is required to ensure that the total amount distributed to Unitholders as
distributions for each financial year is not less than 90% of Link’s total distributable income. Under the Trust Deed, total distributable
income is the consolidated profit of Link after taxation attributable to Unitholders adjusted to eliminate the effects of certain non-cash
adjustments which have been recorded in the consolidated income statement of Link for the relevant financial period.
In exercising its discretions under the Trust Deed, the Manager has consistently distributed 100% (and when justified, over 100%) of
Link’s total distributable income as distribution to Unitholders.

Distribution Reinvestment Scheme
On 1 June 2022, the Board declared a final distribution of HK146.08 cents per Unit (the “Final Distribution”) for the financial
year ended 31 March 2022 payable on Tuesday, 2 August 2022, to those Unitholders whose names appeared on the register of
Unitholders on Thursday, 23 June 2022 (the “Record Date”). The Board further announced that a distribution reinvestment scheme
will be made available to eligible Unitholders on the Record Date. Eligible Unitholders may elect to receive the Final Distribution
wholly in cash or wholly in new Units or a combination of both. An announcement giving further information of such scheme will be
published on or around Thursday, 23 June 2022, and a circular containing details of such scheme together with the relevant election
form or revocation notice will be despatched to Unitholders on or around Thursday, 30 June 2022. A distribution reinvestment
scheme was made available for Unitholders from 2007 to 2013 and from 2020.
Details of the interim distribution and final distribution per Unit for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 appear on page 96 of this
report. The ex-distribution date, closure of register of Unitholders date, Record Date, and payment date for the distribution in respect
of FY2021/2022 appear in the ‘Investor Information’ section of this report.

Investor Relations
The Manager communicates continually with the investment community to ensure that analysts, retail and institutional investors are
sufficiently informed, and to gauge their views on the business objectives, activities and future direction of Link. In view of COVID,
there was a change in the mode of interaction with the investment community. Videoconferencing, webcasts and hybrid meetings
supplemented overseas conferences and physical activities as a means of engaging the investor community. There are currently 16
equity research analysts actively covering Link. Since April 2021, the Manager participated in the following events:




               1,150
                                                                  22                                               7
            individuals
                                                         Investors’ conferences/                            Post-results/
        Over 170 virtual meetings                            corporate days                              non-deal roadshows
          and conference calls




32    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Reporting and Transparency
Link maintains a high standard of transparency and keeps Unitholders appraised of Link’s developments in a timely manner through:
•   publishing its interim and annual report within three months of the financial period/year end;
•   publishing announcements (and circulars, where required) on material information or developments as required by the REIT Code,
    the Listing Rules and/or the SFC, or voluntarily as the Board considers appropriate;
•   publishing Link’s interim and annual reports on its corporate website;
•   publishing on Link’s corporate website all corporate communications issued by Link in accordance with the requirements of the
    REIT Code and/or the Listing Rules, the profiles of the Directors and the senior management, and the business and sustainability
    developments, financial calendar and other news and latest developments of Link; and
•   making available constitutive documents for inspection at the registered office of the Manager including, among others, the
    Trust Deed.

General Meetings
The Trust Deed requires that Link holds an annual general meeting of Unitholders once every year. The Trust Deed and the REIT
Code also require Link to hold other (or extraordinary) general meetings of Unitholders in circumstances specified in the Trust Deed
and the REIT Code.

• 2021 AGM
    At the 2021 AGM held on 30 July 2021, Unitholders approved the re-election of Mr Nicholas Charles ALLEN, Mr Christopher John
    BROOKE and Ms Poh Lee TAN as INEDs, the election of Mr Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen as INED as well as the re-election of
    Mr Ian Keith GRIFFITHS as a NED, and the renewal of the Unit buy-back mandate. Amendments to the Trust Deed approved by
    Unitholders at the 2021 AGM are reported on page 33 of this report. The relevant poll vote results announcement dated 30 July
    2021 can be found on websites of Link and the Stock Exchange.
    The Chairman (who is also chairman of the Finance and Investment Committee and the Nomination Committee), the chairmen of
    the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Remuneration Committee, other INEDs, the CEO, the CFO and the CSO, as
    well as Link’s external auditor attended the 2021 AGM to meet with and answer questions from Unitholders.

• 2022 AGM
    The 2022 AGM will be held on 20 July 2022. Notice and agenda are set out in the circular to Unitholders accompanying this
    Annual Report 2021/2022.

• Directors Retiring at the 2022 AGM
    At the 2022 AGM, Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing, Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong and Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL will retire by rotation in
    accordance with Articles 125 and 126 of the Articles and the Compliance Manual and, being eligible, offer themselves for
    re-election by Unitholders.
    At the 2022 AGM, Ms Jenny GU Jialin, being a Director appointed to the Board on 17 August 2021, will retire in accordance with
    Article 121 of the Articles and offers herself for election by Unitholders.
    All the retiring Directors, being eligible, will stand for election or re-election at the 2022 AGM by means of separate resolutions.

Amendments to the Trust Deed and Compliance Manual
Trust Deed
On 30 July 2021, with the Unitholders’ approval given by way of special resolutions, certain provisions in the Trust Deed were
amended. Key amendments of the Trust Deed included (i) amending the definition of “Adjustments” in relation to computing Total
Distributable Income (as defined in the Trust Deed); (ii) increasing the investment limit for Property Development and Related
Activities (as defined in the Trust Deed); (iii) providing greater flexibility in the conduct of general meetings of Unitholders; and
(iv) making certain minor amendments to the Trust Deed. These amendments were detailed in the circular of Link dated 29 June
2021. The Manager and the Trustee entered into the Second Amending and Restating Deed dated 30 July 2021 to make relevant
amendments to the Trust Deed.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021/2022       33
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | A Well-Governed Business




Compliance Manual
On 30 July 2021, the Compliance Manual was updated to (i) align with the amendments to the Trust Deed; (ii) incorporate the
updated terms of reference of the Board Committees; and (iii) reflect the latest business practices and operations of Link (including
the Manager).
On 1 April 2022, the Compliance Manual was further updated to (i) reflect the amendments to the Listing Rules Corporate
Governance Code; (ii) incorporate the updated terms of reference of the Board Committees; and (iii) reflect the latest business
practices and operations of Link (including the Manager).


Regulation and Compliance
The regulation and compliance section which appears on pages 44 to 55 of this report forms an integral part of this corporate
governance report.


Environmental, Social and Governance Performance
In monitoring and measuring ESG performance, the Board takes into account international practices and standards.
Details of compliance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards, the Stock Exchange’s ‘Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guide’ and the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) principles are set out under the ‘ESG Compliance’ section
of this report.
The Board is responsible for the effective governance and oversight of ESG matters, as well as assessment and management of
material environmental and social risks. The Board has overall responsibility for our corporate sustainability strategies, targets, and ESG
and climate-related risks and opportunities. The Board also has oversight of the incorporation of climate-related considerations into
investment, risk and asset management processes and oversees progress against goals for addressing climate-related issues.
Sustainability is a priority at Link. Our Business as Mutual mindset guides our approach to sustainability, where our engagement with our
stakeholders helps us to address common material issues (including risks and opportunities) that our stakeholders have identified, and to
work together with our stakeholders to maximise value creation and create ecosystem-wide shared value for all stakeholders. The Board
has reviewed and is satisfied with the effectiveness of Link’s stakeholder engagement process.
Recognising our role in reducing carbon emissions to slow down climate change, we announced our ambitious commitment to achieve
Net Zero carbon emissions by 2035 in April 2021. Since then, we have taken action on our Net Zero 2035 strategy by enhancing our
environmental policies and systems. In May 2022, we have further committed to SBTi Net Zero Standard. The Board has reviewed and is
satisfied with Link’s environmental related policies and performance.
Transparency on corporate environmental, social, and governance practices is increasingly subject to regulatory scrutiny. In 2021/2022,
various regulations were rolled out including the “Circular to licensed corporations, management, and disclosure of climate-related risks
by fund managers” by the SFC, which requires issuers to further enhance ESG disclosures and seeks to ensure that climate resilience
is integrated into business models. Link has taken steps to introduce and update the relevant policies and processes (including the
Responsible Investment Policy and the Sustainability Policy) to ensure that we are not only fully compliant with regulatory requirements
but also to institutionalise best ESG governance and practice.


Changes after Financial Year End
This report has taken into account changes occurred since the end of the financial year on 31 March 2022 up to the date of approval
by the Board of this report on 1 June 2022.




By order of the Board
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG
Company Secretary

Hong Kong, 1 June 2022




34    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Board Committee Reports
Report of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
The Audit and Risk Management Committee is principally responsible for overseeing the quality and integrity of financial statements,
internal and external audit work, overall risk management and internal control, and monitoring of compliance including connected
party transactions, property development and Relevant Investments activities to ensure that they are being conducted in accordance
with the conditions of the relevant SFC waivers and the GAV Cap and the Maximum Cap requirements of the REIT Code.

Composition and Attendance
During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Audit and Risk Management Committee met five times.

                                                                   Attended/                                                     Attended/
                                                                    Eligible                                                      Eligible
Members                                      Independent           to attend        Invitees for relevant agenda items           to attend

Peter TSE Pak Wing (chairman)                                         5/5           Chairman                                         1/1

Jenny GU Jialin(1)                                                    3/3           CEO                                              5/5

Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen                                               5/5           CFO                                              5/5

Poh Lee TAN                                                           5/5           CLO                                              5/5

May Siew Boi TAN(2)                                                   4/4           CSO                                              2/2

Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                                    5/5           Senior representatives from                      2/2
                                                                                      PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”)
                                                                                      (the external auditor) and Colliers
                                                                                      International (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                      (“Colliers”)(3)

                                                                                    Senior representatives from KPMG                 1/1

                                                                                    Managing Director – Finance                      4/4

                                                                                    Director – Company Secretariat                   5/5

                                                                                    Director – Legal (M&A)                           2/2

                                                                                    Director – Portfolio Management                  2/2

                                                                                    Director – Sustainability & Risk                 4/4
                                                                                      Governance

                                                                                    General Manager – Compliance                     3/3

                                                                                    General Manager – Internal Audit                 5/5

                                                                                    Assistant General Manager –                      1/1
                                                                                      Information Technology


Notes:
(1) Joined as a member on 17 August 2021
(2) Retired as a member on 31 January 2022
(3) Senior representatives from Colliers and PwC attended meetings of the Audit and Risk Management Committee to discuss and review the portfolio
    valuation and the interim and final results of Link

None of the members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee was a partner or a former partner of Link’s external auditor
within two years immediately before his/her appointment.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022        35
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Work of the Audit and Risk Management Committee during the year and up to the date of this Report

Key areas of review                    Tasks performed

Integrity of financial reporting,      •   Reviewed the 2021/2022 final results announcement, annual report, sustainability compendium
endorsement of financial                   and financial statements of Link, the Manager’s directors’ report and financial statements for
statements of Link and the                 2021/2022, and recommended them for approval by the Board
Manager and the disclosures
                                       •   Reviewed the 2021/2022 interim results announcement and interim report
therein, disclosures in the interim
and annual reports of Link             •   Reviewed announcements, circulars and other corporate communications issued by Link
                                       •   Reviewed accounting policies including critical accounting policies and practices
                                       •   Considered and discussed with the external auditor key audit matters in its reports on interim
                                           and full-year review of financial results including private discussions with the auditor in the
                                           absence of Management
                                       •   Reviewed the portfolio valuation reports together with the Principal Valuer for interim and final
                                           results of Link and recommended the same for approvals by the Board

Appointment and                        •   Reviewed the work scope, quality, fees and terms of engagement of the external auditor and
re-appointment/removal of                  the audit and non-audit services provided by the external auditor
external auditor, review of external
                                       •   Assessed external auditor’s independence and based on its review and assessment,
auditor’s performance and audit
                                           recommended to the Board on the re-appointment of the external auditor of Link
and non-audit service fees

Internal audit plan and audit work     •   Reviewed the internal audit activities report on a quarterly basis, monitored and followed up on
                                           the implementation of recommended actions
                                       •   Approved the yearly internal audit plan for 2022/2023 and the four-year rolling internal audit
                                           plan for 2022/2023 to 2025/2026 inclusive
                                       •   Reviewed and satisfied itself that the internal audit function was independent, effective and
                                           adequately resourced in staffing and staff training
                                       •   Through the Audit and Risk Management Committee and its chairman, discussed privately and
                                           from time-to-time with the Head of Internal Audit and Head of Risk Governance internal control
                                           and internal audit matters

Internal control and risk              •   Reviewed the effectiveness of Link’s internal control and risk management systems through the
management                                 quarterly review of internal audit and risk management reports
                                       •   Monitored risks specified on Link’s corporate risk register on an on-going basis including the
                                           identification of new risks and the assessment of residual risk. Monitoring of movement of risks
                                           and receiving Management’s representations thereon. Conducted regular deep dives into Link’s
                                           thematic key risks
                                       •   Endorsed the corporate risk register for yearly review and approval by the Board
                                       •   Discussed privately and from time-to-time, with the Head of Internal Audit and Head of Risk
                                           Governance, internal audit and risk management matters
                                       •   Considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications, experience, training and budget of
                                           the finance and accounting, and sustainability functions of the Manager
                                       •   Reviewed the internal control guidelines and the risk monitoring framework for Relevant
                                           Investments
                                       •   Reviewed whistle-blowing cases and followed up as appropriate




36    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Key areas of review                   Tasks performed

Compliance with the REIT Code,        •   Reviewed the quarterly regulatory and operational compliance reports, and monitored
the Listing Rules, and other              compliance issues
regulatory requirements:
                                      •   Reviewed and monitored connected party transactions through quarterly reports submitted by
                                          the Company Secretary and the half-yearly reviews conducted by the internal audit function.
                                          Ensured compliance with the requirements of the REIT Code and the conditions of the relevant
–   connected party transactions
                                          SFC waivers
    as within the requirements of
    the relevant SFC waivers          •   Reviewed disclosures in the corporate governance report, monitored compliance with the
                                          Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code, and endorsed the going concern statement and the
–   provisions of the Compliance
                                          statement of compliance with the Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code for inclusion in the
    Manual (including the Link
                                          annual report and financial statements
    Securities Dealing Code and
    the Link Corporate Governance     •   Reviewed Relevant Investments activities and controls and the corresponding disclosures in the
    Policy) and the code of conduct       annual report
    applicable to Directors
                                      •   Monitored compliance with the Compliance Manual (which sets out the Link Corporate
–   disclosures in the interim and        Governance Policy and the Link Securities Dealing Code) through quarterly reports submitted
    annual reports and interim and
                                      •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the updated Trust Deed and Compliance
    final results announcements
                                          Manual of the Manager to enhance the operational and compliance procedures
–   other regulatory and
    operational compliance

Others                                •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the updated terms of reference of the
                                          Audit and Risk Management Committee
                                      •   Reviewed Management’s post-acquisition appraisal reports
                                      •   Reviewed cyber and information security
                                      •   Reviewed Link’s Privacy Committee activity and its data management arrangements
                                      •   Reviewed the joint venture governance and management framework


Ms May Siew Boi TAN retired from the Audit and Risk Management Committee on 31 January 2022. On behalf of the committee
members, I would like to thank Ms May Siew Boi TAN for her contribution in the past years.
I would also like to thank all the other committee members for their dedicated efforts.


Peter TSE Pak Wing
Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee


Hong Kong, 1 June 2022




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022          37
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Report of the Finance and Investment Committee
The key responsibilities of the Finance and Investment Committee are reviewing acquisition proposals and related funding and capital
management issues, and overseeing a range of other matters including asset enhancement, budgeting and forecasting.

Composition and Attendance
During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Finance and Investment Committee met 12 times.

                                                             Attended/                                                Attended/
                                                              Eligible                                                 Eligible
Members                                      Independent     to attend      Invitees for relevant agenda items        to attend

Nicholas Charles ALLEN (chairman)                              12/12        CSO                                         10/10

George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY (ED)                                 12/12        CLO                                         11/12

NG Kok Siong (ED)                                              11/12        Chief Investment Officer (Asia)              9/9

Ian Keith GRIFFITHS (NED)                                      12/12        Managing Director – Leasing                 2/2
                                                                              (Hong Kong)

Christopher John BROOKE                                        12/12        Managing Director – Finance                  5/5

Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                             12/12        Managing Director – Project &               4/4
                                                                              Operations (Hong Kong)

Elaine Carole YOUNG(1)                                         10/10        Director – Asset Management                 5/5
                                                                               (Hong Kong)

                                                                            Director – Company Secretariat              12/12

                                                                            Director – Legal (Hong Kong)                 3/3

                                                                            Director – Legal (M&A)                       4/4

                                                                            Director – Portfolio Management              7/7

                                                                            Director – Project                          1/1
                                                                               (Mainland China & International)

                                                                            Director – Sustainability &                 1/1
                                                                               Risk Governance

                                                                            General Manager – Capital                   8/8
                                                                               Management

                                                                            General Manager – Investment (Asia)          3/3


Note:
(1) Retired as a member on 31 January 2022




38      Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Work of the Finance and Investment Committee during the year and up to the date of this Report
Key areas of review               Tasks performed

Investment, acquisition           •   Discussed and evaluated various investment opportunities, the required rate of return as within
and capital recycling matters         the investment criteria approved by the Board, together with ESG matters as appropriate and
                                      financing plans for potential acquisitions and capital recycling
                                  •   Discussed and endorsed the acquisition of two newly-developed modern warehouses located
                                      in Dongguan and Foshan, Mainland China, and recommended the financing plan regarding this
                                      acquisition, for approval by the Board
                                  •   Discussed and endorsed the acquisition of a nine-storey godown building located in Chai Wan,
                                      Hong Kong and a 13-storey mixed-use car park building located in Hung Hom, Hong Kong, and
                                      recommended the financing plan regarding this acquisition, for approval by the Board
                                  •   Discussed and endorsed the acquisition of 50% interest in three retail properties known as “The
                                      Strand Arcade”, “The Galeries” and the “Queen Victoria Building” located in central business
                                      districts in Sydney, Australia, and recommended the financing plan regarding this acquisition, for
                                      approval by the Board
                                  •   Discussed and endorsed the acquisition of a 49.9% interest in a trust which owns interests in
                                      prime office properties located in central business districts in Sydney and Melbourne, Australia,
                                      and recommended the financing plan regarding this acquisition, for approval by the Board
                                  •   Discussed and endorsed the acquisition of three high-quality modern warehouses located in
                                      Jiaxing and Changshu, Mainland China, and recommended the financing plan regarding this
                                      acquisition, for approval by the Board

Financing                         •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the renewal of MTN programme and
                                      mandate for Management to issue notes under the MTN programme
                                  •   Discussed and endorsed a number of standby mandates to (i) buy back Units, convertible bonds
                                      and USD-denominated bonds; (ii) issue USD-denominated bonds; and (iii) equity issuance,
                                      which provide Management with the flexibility to execute capital management efficiently, for
                                      approval by the Board
                                  •   Discussed and reviewed the analysis of various financing options
                                  •   Discussed and reviewed the special distribution and distribution reinvestment scheme for interim
                                      and final distributions

Budget and forecasts              •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the annual budget for FY2022/2023

Financing plans and strategies    •   Regularly reviewed capital management reports and considered capital market conditions as
                                      regularly reported by capital management team
                                  •   Reviewed and discussed the financial plan for Vision 2025
                                  •   Reviewed and discussed the performance of bond investments made by Link

Asset enhancement                 •   Regularly reviewed the progress of existing asset enhancement projects; evaluated performance
and placemaking                       of existing asset enhancement projects; and reviewed other capital expenditure proposals
                                  •   Discussed and evaluated the placemaking opportunities

Relevant Investments              •   Reviewed regularly the performance of Link’s relevant investments

Others                            •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the Tenant Support Scheme,
                                      implemented in response to the impacts of COVID and social distancing measures on the
                                      performance of Link’s portfolio in Hong Kong and Mainland China
                                  •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the delegation of authority
                                  •   Regularly reviewed the tax matters concerning Link’s portfolio
                                  •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the revised terms of reference of the
                                      Finance and Investment Committee


Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG retired from the Finance and Investment Committee on 31 January 2022. On behalf of the committee
members, I would like to thank Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG for her contribution in the past years.
I would also like to thank all the other committee members for their dedicated efforts.

Nicholas Charles ALLEN
Chairman of the Finance and Investment Committee

Hong Kong, 1 June 2022

                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022           39
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Report of the Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board and Board Committees
(having regard to the skills and experience, independence and diversity of the members) and makes recommendations to the Board
with regard to succession planning and any Board appointments. The Nomination Committee also helps the Board oversee the
corporate governance practices of the Manager.
The Nomination Committee adopts a forward-looking approach to identify potential candidates for appointment to the Board, taking
into account the future requirements of the Board and the scheduled retirement of long serving NED/INEDs.

Composition and Attendance
During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Nomination Committee met four times.

                                                                    Attended/                                                Attended/
                                                                     Eligible                                                 Eligible
Members                                      Independent            to attend           Invitees for relevant agenda items   to attend

Nicholas Charles ALLEN (chairman)                                       4/4             CLO                                     4/4

George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY (ED)                                          4/4             Managing Director – Human               1/1
                                                                                         Resources

Blair Chilton PICKERELL                                                 4/4             Director – Company Secretariat          4/4

May Siew Boi TAN(1)                                                     3/3             Director – Human Resources              1/1

Poh Lee TAN(2)                                                          1/1   (3)
                                                                                        Director – Sustainability & Risk        1/1
                                                                                          Governance

                                                                                        Representatives from independent        4/4
                                                                                          external consultants


Notes:
(1) Retired as a member on 31 January 2022
(2) Joined as a member on 16 March 2022
(3) By invitation to attend the meeting prior to joining as a member on 16 March 2022




40       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Work of the Nomination Committee during the year and up to the date of this Report

Key areas of review                   Tasks performed

Appointment, re-appointment and       •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the appointment of Ms Jenny GU Jialin
removal of Directors, nomination          as an INED and a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee with effect from
of Directors for re-election              17 August 2021 and recommended her for election as Director at the 2022 AGM
by Unitholders at annual
                                      •   Reviewed and endorsed to the Board for its approval the renewal of the terms of appointment of
general meeting
                                          Mr Nicholas Charles ALLEN, Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong and Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL (each as
                                          an INED), for three years
                                      •   Endorsed to the Board for its approval the nomination of Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing, Mr Ed CHAN
                                          Yiu Cheong and Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL for re-election as Directors at the forthcoming 2022
                                          AGM having considered their respective contributions, skills and experience, and expertise as
                                          well as assessing their independence, as applicable
                                      •   Nomination Committee members abstained as appropriate as concerned their re-election or
                                          renewal of their terms of service

Board diversity                       •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the updated Board Diversity Policy of
                                          Link and the numerical target for gender diversity to the Board pursuant to the amended Listing
                                          Rules Corporate Governance Code and regularly monitored its application

Composition of the Board and          •   Reviewed the composition, size and structure, future skills requirements and membership of
Board Committees as within the            the Board and Board Committees by (i) taking into account the expertise, time commitment,
Link Corporate Governance Policy          skills and experience of the members; (ii) the Board Diversity Policy of Link; and (iii) taking
                                          into consideration the Link Corporate Governance Policy and the Listing Rules Corporate
                                          Governance Code
                                      •   Reviewed and recommended to the Board the appointment of Ms Poh Lee TAN as a member of
                                          the Nomination Committee with effect from 16 March 2022

Succession planning                   •   Reviewed and updated the three-year succession plan, considering the skills and talent required
                                          of the Board, Directors’ retirement, the future development of Link and Vision 2025
                                      •   Identified INED candidates with the assistance of and advice from an independent external
                                          consultant
                                      •   Maintained and regularly reviewed a running list of potential INED candidates against selection
                                          criteria developed as part of the Board succession planning process
                                      •   Considered succession planning arrangements for senior positions across the organisation

Board performance evaluation          •   Carried out an internal Board performance evaluation (please refer to the ‘On-going Board
                                          Performance Evaluation’ section on page 21 of this report for details)
                                      •   Reviewed Directors’ time commitment through, among others, monitoring their meeting
                                          attendance for the year and number of outside directorships they held
                                      •   Reviewed training and continuous professional development undertaken by each Director
                                          in the year

Assisted the Board in ensuring        •   Assessed the independence of each of the INEDs, and the time required from the NED and
compliance with the Link Corporate        INEDs (including any prospective Directors) to fulfil their fiduciary duties of overseeing Link’s
Governance Policy and practices           business and serving the Board and its committees
                                      •   Endorsed to the Board for its approval the annual review of independent input mechanisms

Others                                •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the updated terms of reference of
                                          Board Committees
                                      •   Approved the formation of the Sustainability Advisory Committee and its terms of reference


Ms May Siew Boi TAN retired from the Nomination Committee on 31 January 2022. On behalf of the committee members. I would
like to thank Ms May Siew Boi TAN for her contribution in the past years.
I would also like to thank all the other committee members for their dedicated efforts.


Nicholas Charles ALLEN
Chairman of the Nomination Committee


Hong Kong, 1 June 2022


                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021/2022         41
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Report of the Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the remuneration policy and strategy of Link. It reviews and recommends to
the Board the remuneration level of the CEO and the CFO, NED and INEDs and also determines the remuneration packages of senior
management. It is comprised entirely of INEDs.

Composition and Attendance
During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Remuneration Committee met three times.

                                                            Attended/                                               Attended/
                                                             Eligible                                                Eligible
Members                                      Independent    to attend      Invitees for relevant agenda items       to attend

Blair Chilton PICKERELL (chairman)                             3/3         Chairman                                    3/3

Christopher John BROOKE                                        3/3         CEO                                         3/3

Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                                             3/3         CLO                                         2/3

May Siew Boi TAN(1)                                            2/2         Managing Director – Human Resources         3/3

Elaine Carole YOUNG(1)                                         2/2         Director – Reward                           3/3

                                                                           Senior representatives from Aon             3/3
                                                                             (an independent external consultant)

Note:
(1) Retired as a member on 31 January 2022


Work of the Remuneration Committee during the year and up to the date of this Report
An independent external consultant is engaged to assist the Remuneration Committee in discussing and reviewing executive
compensation by providing market data, industry analysis and executive remuneration advice.
The Chairman attends relevant sessions of the Remuneration Committee meetings to provide his input on the performance of the
CEO, and the CEO presents his performance assessment of the CFO and other senior management to assist the Remuneration
Committee to review their remuneration packages. The Managing Director – Human Resources regularly attends Remuneration
Committee meetings to brief members on market pay trends, talent development and training and other employment matters related
to senior management.
The Remuneration Committee is the administrator of the Long-term Incentive Scheme. It recommends the grant of awards to the
CEO, the CFO and other Directors for approval by the Board. It determines the grant of awards to senior management including the
CSO and the CLO. It also determines the performance conditions and the vesting of the Long-term Incentive Schemes awards.
Each Director abstains when voting on his/her own remuneration.




42      Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Board Committee Reports




Key areas of review                   Tasks performed

Remuneration strategy and policies    •   Reviewed and developed, with the assistance of an independent external consultant (being
for senior management and staff           Aon), the executive compensation framework, policy and structure for EDs and senior
                                          management
                                      •   Reviewed various benefit policies including retirement, executive health coverage and EUPP
                                      •   Reviewed, with the assistance of Aon, market development and practices in executive
                                          remuneration and corporate governance
                                      •   Reviewed the general market pay trends and endorsed the budgets for performance bonus and
                                          long-term incentives for all staff

Remuneration packages of just         •   Reviewed and recommended (with the assistance of Aon) to the Board for approval of the
NED, EDs and senior management            remuneration packages of the NED
                                      •   Reviewed and recommended (with the assistance of Aon) to the Board for approval of the
                                          remuneration packages of the CEO (with input from the Chairman) and the CFO (with input from
                                          the CEO)
                                      •   Reviewed and determined the remuneration packages of the senior management team,
                                          including the CSO and the CLO (with input from the CEO)

Target setting for annual             •   Developed performance targets under the Balanced Scorecard framework for the senior
discretionary bonus and long-term         management team’s annual discretionary bonus
incentive awards
                                      •   Developed performance conditions and target setting approach for Long-term Incentive Scheme
                                          awards, with the assistance of Aon

Grant and vesting of Long-term        •   Reviewed and recommended for approval by the Board the proposed grant of Awards under the
Incentive Scheme awards in                2017 LTI Scheme to the CEO, the CFO and other senior management
favour of Directors and senior
                                      •   Approved the grant of Awards to members of the senior management team and certain other
management under the Long-term
                                          key staff under the 2017 LTI Scheme in the year
Incentive Schemes
                                      •   Reviewed and determined the vesting results of Awards vested under the 2017 LTI Scheme in
                                          the year

Pay for performance analysis          •   Conducted, with the assistance of Aon, a pay-for-performance analysis for the CEO and CFO
                                      •   Analysis demonstrated strong alignment of total compensation and our key financial metrics
                                          against peers

Hiring and separation of              •   Reviewed and determined the remuneration package of senior management hired during the
senior management                         year, including the COO-International and the CCDO
                                      •   Reviewed and determined the termination provisions for senior management as applicable

Training and continuous               •   Reviewed the leadership training and development plans submitted by the Managing Director –
professional development of               Human Resources
senior management
                                      •   Discussed training and continuous professional development of senior management


Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG retired from the Remuneration Committee on 31 January 2022. On behalf of
the committee members, I would like to thank Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG for their contributions in the past
years.
I would also like to thank all the other committee members for their dedicated efforts.


Blair Chilton PICKERELL
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee


Hong Kong, 1 June 2022




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022       43
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Regulation and Compliance
Regulatory Framework
Link is a collective investment scheme authorised by the SFC under section 104 of the SFO. It is also a constituent of the Hang
Seng Index and its Units are listed on the Stock Exchange. Link Asset Management Limited is the Manager. HSBC Institutional Trust
Services (Asia) Limited is the Trustee.

• The Manager
     The Manager is licensed by the SFC under section 116 of the SFO to conduct the regulated activity of asset management, and
     manages Link in the interest of the Unitholders. The Manager is wholly owned by the Trustee and charges management fees on a
     cost recovery basis. The Manager does not charge any acquisition/divestment fees, or fees based on a percentage of assets under
     management or other performance-related indicia. This minimises conflict and aligns with the interest of the Unitholders.

• The Trustee
     The Trustee is a registered trust company for collective investment schemes under the SFO and the REIT Code, holding all the
     Link’s assets in trust for and in the sole interest of all Unitholders. The Trustee and the Manager operate independently.
The respective rights and obligations of the Manager and the Trustee are governed by the Trust Deed. The Trustee carries out
periodic reviews on the Manager, in addition to the reviews performed by the internal auditor and external auditor. The Trustee’s
Report is set out on page 88 of this report.
The activities of the Manager and Link are regulated by the SFC pursuant to the REIT Code and the SFO. The business of Link and
activities of the Manager are subject to inspection from time-to-time by the SFC.
During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Manager managed Link, in all material aspects, in accordance with the provisions of the
Trust Deed and the Compliance Manual.
The names of the three responsible officers of the Manager for the purposes of the SFO appear in the ‘Corporate Information’ section
of this report.


Corporate Structure


                                                                   Unitholders




                                                                      Trustee
                                             HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited


100%                                                                                                                                            100%
                                                                    Management
                                                                      services
                       Manager
                                                                                                  The Link Holdings Limited(3)
           Link Asset Management Limited(2)
                                                                    Manager’s fee



                          Mainland                                                         Property              Relevant
  Hong Kong                                      Australia                                                                             Financing
                           China                                                         Investment            Investments

Notes:
(1) Link is an internally managed REIT, with no controlling Unitholders.
(2) Type 9 licensed entity under the SFO.
(3) The Link Holdings Limited is the holding company of all SPVs of Link, and Link’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022 are set out in Note 35
    to the consolidated financial statements. The Trustee is the sole owner, on behalf of all Unitholders, of both the Manager and The Link Holdings
    Limited, which holds all of the Link’s assets. The Units represent stapled interest in these two companies.

44       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Compliance with Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code and Other Regulations
Throughout the year ended 31 March 2022:
(i) Link and the Manager complied with the REIT Code, the SFO, applicable provisions of the Listing Rules, the Trust Deed, and, in all
    material respects, the Compliance Manual; and
(ii) Link and the Manager applied the principles and to the extent appropriate, complied with, the code provisions in the Listing
     Rules Corporate Governance Code, save and except code provision B.2.2(1). The Manager considers that rigid application of
     code provision B.2.2(1) to our EDs is not in the best interests of the Unitholders. Business continuity and longevity at the most
     senior levels of management work for the long-term benefit of Link. Frequent re-shuffles of the executive directorate, absent the
     anchor of a controlling Unitholder, may promote “short-termism”. Any risk of entrenchment in office is counter-balanced by an
     overwhelming majority of INEDs on our Board, who have the collective power (and the Unitholders also have the same power
     under the Trust Deed) to remove a recalcitrant ED.


Compliance with Link Securities Dealing Code
The Link Securities Dealing Code governs dealing in securities of Link by Directors, senior management, and other employees
of certain senior grades and their respective associates. The terms of the Link Securities Dealing Code are regularly reviewed and
updated (when as appropriate) to ensure that they are no less exacting than those set out in the Model Code
for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.
All the Directors, after making specific enquiries of each of them, have confirmed that they complied with the required standards set
out in the Link Securities Dealing Code throughout the year ended 31 March 2022.
Following the financial year end, there was an unintentional breach of the Model Code on the part of an INED, Mr Christopher John
BROOKE. During the blackout period for the final results, an acquisition of 900 Units was undertaken by an independent financial
adviser on behalf of, but without the prior knowledge of Mr Christopher John BROOKE. Appropriate training has been undertaken and
further controls implemented in respect of Mr Christopher John BROOKE’s joint discretionary investment account accordingly.
There was no breach by Link REIT or the Manager in respect of these matters.
Pursuant to the Link Securities Dealing Code, Directors or senior management or other relevant senior employees wishing to deal
in the securities of Link must first have regard to the provisions of Parts XIII and XIV of the SFO with respect to insider dealing and
market misconduct as if such SFO provisions were applicable to Link. They must also refrain from dealing in the securities of Link
if they are aware of, or are privy to, certain negotiations or agreements relating to intended acquisitions or disposals, or have been
otherwise in possession of unpublished inside information, until proper disclosure of the inside information in accordance with the
REIT Code and the Listing Rules has been made.
Staff members who are involved in the preparation of the interim and final results announcements and the related reports of Link are
prohibited from dealing in the Units of Link (or black-out) for the period and in the manner as specified by the Listing Rules and the
Compliance Manual. The Manager also imposes and enforces (when required) black-out requirements on staff members who are
involved in the preparation of Link’s interim and final results announcements and the related reports or, who are involved in corporate
transactions or possess inside information as required by the Listing Rules, the inside information provisions of the SFO and the
Compliance Manual. Accordingly, relevant members of staff are precluded from participating in the EUPP during black-out periods.


Compliance with Inside Information Requirements
The Manager has an escalation policy in order for Management to identify relevant issues and for the Board to make timely
disclosure of inside information as required. It also has stringent internal procedures to preserve confidentiality of inside information.
The Manager has complied with the requirements of Part XIVA of the SFO, as if such SFO provisions were applicable to Link. The
Company Secretary (who is also the CLO) maintains records of meetings and discussions of Management, the Board and/or Board
Committees concerning the assessment of potential inside information, keeps a register of inside information and updates the
Directors on a regular basis.

Note:
(1) The code provision numbers in the Listing Rules Corporate Governance Code have been re-arranged with effect from 1 January 2022. This code
    provision number was formerly A.4.2.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021/2022        45
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Directors’ Responsibility for the Financial Statements
The Directors acknowledged their responsibilities for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of Link for the year
ended 31 March 2022, which had been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Management Committee and approved by the Board.
The statement of the auditor regarding its reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements of Link is set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 89 to 93 of this report.


Auditor’s Re-Appointment and Remuneration
The Audit and Risk Management Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board the re-appointment of the existing external
auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers (Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor).
In making its recommendation, the Audit and Risk Management Committee took into consideration the quality and effectiveness of
the work, current level of remuneration as against market trends and the independence of the external auditor, who has confirmed
in writing to the Audit and Risk Management Committee its independence with respect to Link and that there is no relationship
between it (as the external auditor) and Link which might reasonably bring to bear on their independence. It has also considered the
scope of non-audit services provided by the external auditor and assessed whether its independence and objectivity were and could
be affected by the rendering of these non-audit services.
All services provided by the external auditor in the year were reviewed and approved by the Audit and Risk Management Committee
which has set guidelines governing the engagement of the external auditor for provision of non-audit services and pre-approval
amounts and thresholds for non-audit services. The Manager considered (and the Audit and Risk Management Committee also
agreed) that the external auditor’s review of interim results and report and annual tax filings services for Link’s entities (as tax
representative) are recurring items, and the rendering by the external auditor of such recurring services did not impact its objectivity
or any perceived independence in auditing the financial statements of Link.
Non-audit services for the year included mainly acquisition-related services and tax advisory services. An analysis of the fees paid/
payable to the external auditor for audit and non-audit services for the year ended 31 March 2022 is set out in Note 10 to the
consolidated financial statements.


Updates on Directors’ Biographical Information since Interim Report 2021/2022
•    Mr Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen ceased to be a non-executive director of Mandarin Oriental International Limited with effect from
     1 December 2021. He was appointed as a non-executive director and the chairman of the audit committee of Hongkong Land
     Holdings Limited with effect from 4 March 2022. Both companies are listed on the Singapore Exchange Limited, London Stock
     Exchange and Bermuda Exchange.
•    Ms Jenny GU Jialin ceased to be a council member (global) of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountant with effect from
     31 December 2021.
•    Ms Nancy TSE Sau Ling was appointed as the deputy chair, a member of Professional Accountants in the Business Advisory
     Group and a member of Public Policy and Regulation Advisory Group of the International Federation of Accountants with effect
     from 1 January 2022.
•    Ms May Siew Boi TAN retired as an INED and a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the Nomination
     Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the Manager on 31 January 2022.
•    Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG retired as an INED and a member of the Finance and Investment Committee and the Remuneration
     Committee of the Manager on 31 January 2022.
•    Ms Poh Lee TAN was appointed as a member of Nomination Committee of the Manager with effect from 16 March 2022.
•    Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong ceased to be a partner of Gaorong Capital with effect from 1 June 2022.
Biographies of our Directors are set out on pages 56 to 61 of this report and can be viewed on Link’s corporate website: Linkreit.com.




46     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Information to Unitholders
Right to Appoint, Remove and Re-appoint Directors
By the Board
The Trust Deed provides that the Board may (on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee):
•   at any time appoint any person who is willing to act as a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or (subject to the maximum
    number of 14 Board members) as an additional Board member; and
•   remove any Director, and in such case, the Board shall give the incumbent Director notice to that effect signed by all the
    other Directors.
A Director shall abstain from voting in respect of his/her own re-appointment.

By the Unitholders
The Trust Deed provides that Unitholders may appoint, re-appoint or remove any Director by an ordinary resolution:
•   two or more registered Unitholders holding together not less than 10% of the Units in issue may serve written request to the
    Manager which shall convene a meeting of Unitholders to consider the proposed ordinary resolution to appoint, re-appoint or
    remove a Director; and
•   if the proposed resolution is supported by a recommendation of the Nomination Committee, the effective quorum for the
    relevant Unitholders’ meeting shall be two or more registered Unitholders holding together not less than 10% of the Units in
    issue; otherwise, the effective quorum for the relevant Unitholders’ meeting shall be two or more registered Unitholders holding
    together not less than 25% of the Units in issue.
Subject to the passing of such ordinary resolution, the Trustee and the Manager shall take all necessary actions to give effect to such
appointment, re-appointment or removal of a Director.

Retirement by Articles
The Articles require that:
•   any Director so appointed by the Board shall retire but be eligible for re-election at the next following annual general meeting (with
    such Director not being taken into account in determining the number of Directors subject to retirement by rotation at such annual
    general meeting);
•   EDs shall not be subject to retirement by rotation at annual general meeting; and
•   one-third of the NED/INEDs shall be subject to retirement by rotation (but are eligible for re-election) at each annual
    general meeting.
The Link Corporate Governance Policy further requires one-third of the INEDs to retire by rotation at each annual general meeting.

Right to Convene Meetings and Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals
According to the Trust Deed, a general meeting of Unitholders may be convened:
•   by the Trustee; or
•   by the Manager; or
•   by not less than two Unitholders registered as together holding not less than 10% of the Units in issue, who may serve
    written request to the Manager to ask the Manager to convene a general meeting of Unitholders and propose resolutions for
    consideration at such meeting.
Notice convening the annual general meeting or other general meeting of Unitholders will be given to the Unitholders in accordance
with the requirements of the Trust Deed, the REIT Code and the Listing Rules. Generally, two or more Unitholders present in person
or by proxy registered as holding together not less than 10% of the Units in issue shall form a quorum for the transaction of business
at a general meeting but for passing a special resolution, the quorum shall be not less than 25% of the Units in issue.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022       47
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




In accordance with the REIT Code and the Trust Deed, any resolution put to a general meeting of Unitholders shall be decided by
poll except (as permitted by the Trust Deed and under waiver granted by the SFC) where the chairman of the meeting, in good
faith, decides to allow a resolution which relates purely to a procedural and administrative matter to be decided by a show of hands
given that such matter (i) is not on the agenda of the general meeting or in any supplemental circular to Unitholders; and (ii) relates
to the chairman’s duties to maintain the orderly conduct of the meeting and/or allow the business of the meeting to be properly and
effectively dealt with, whilst allowing all Unitholders a reasonable opportunity to express their views.

Matters Required to be Decided by Special Resolution
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, each of the following matters requires specific Unitholders’ approval by way of special resolution:
(i) disposal of any real estate forming part of the assets of Link within two years from the date of acquisition (or, in the case of
    engaging in any property development and related activities, from the date that such property development and related activities is
    completed);
(ii) disposal by the Trustee of all or any of the issued share capital of the Manager;
(iii) any increase in the maximum percentage rate or any change to the structure of the Trustee’s fee which is not provided for in the
      Trust Deed;
(iv) any modification, alteration or addition to the Trust Deed, save for certain circumstances specified in the Trust Deed;
(v) termination or merger of Link; and
(vi) removal of the Trustee under certain circumstances.


Directors’ Service Contracts
There is no service contract, which is not determinable by the Manager within one year without payment of compensation (other than
statutory compensation) in respect of those Directors who are due to retire and stand for election or re-election at the 2022 AGM.


Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts
Save as disclosed under the ‘Connected Party Transactions’ section on pages 78 to 81 of this report and in Note 33 to the
consolidated financial statements, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to Link’s business to which
the Manager was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
year or at any time during the year.
The Manager entered into agreements with Directors and certain key employees in respect of the grant of Restricted Unit Awards
under the 2017 LTI Scheme during the year under review. Other than the 2017 LTI Scheme, there was no arrangement in the year
under review whose objects were to enable Directors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of Units of Link, or shares in, or
debenture of, any other body corporate of Link. Further details of the 2017 LTI Scheme are disclosed on pages 71 to 77 of this report
and Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements. Save as disclosed, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the
Manager during the year under review.




48    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Permitted Indemnity Provisions
There are permitted indemnity provisions in the Articles of the Manager and the articles of association of relevant SPVs of Link to
provide indemnity to directors of the Manager and other members of the Group against any third-party liability incurred by them in
discharging their duties.
The Manager reviews the coverage (including the amount insured) of the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance regularly to ensure
that directors and officers (including the company secretary) of all members of the Group in so serving Link, its SPVs and the Manager
and its subsidiaries are fairly and sufficiently covered against legal actions and potential liability to third parties. The directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance was renewed in December 2021 and continued to be in force during the year under review.


Link Together Initiatives
The Link Together Initiatives programme has been part of the charity and community engagement programme of Link since 2013,
providing for charitable donations or sponsorship in order to enhance the sustainable development of the local communities.
During the year under review, upon the recommendation of the selection committee, the Board approved approximately HK$15.5
million of funding for selected projects under the Link Together Initiatives. The themes of the selected projects are in line with the
objectives of the Link Together Initiatives which are to promote the sustainable development of the communities around Link’s
properties through supporting the well-being of the elderly and the disadvantaged and education, training and development of
children and youth services in the geographies in which Link operates. Details of selected projects under the Link Together Initiatives
during the year under review are set out on pages 82 to 87 of this report.
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, Link may apply an amount not exceeding 0.25% of the NPI in respect of the immediately preceding
financial year to any charitable institution or community group as a charitable donation or sponsorship, as may be determined by the
Manager in accordance with the rules adopted by the Board from time to time.
On 16 March 2022, the Board approved the amendments to the relevant rules in order to (1) allow the Board to allocate funds to
(i) support small projects or events initiated by any charitable institutions or community groups; and (ii) address special ad hoc
requests from charitable institutions or community groups and/or for meeting emergency relief needs, provided that any such request
meets the conditions set out in the relevant rules as amended; and (2) update some provisions relating to operational matters.


Employee Unit Purchase Plan
The EUPP, under which the Manager subsidises eligible employees to purchase Units and fosters a sense of ownership among staff.
Employees meeting prescribed criteria of the EUPP are entitled to subsidies from the Manager to purchase from the open market
Units through an independent third-party intermediary (currently, Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited). Four purchases are made in
each financial year on pre-determined dates, and the amount of subsidy for each eligible employee is determined in accordance with
the rules of the EUPP with reference to such employee’s length of service and appraised performance.
During the year under review, 465 eligible employees of the Manager and its subsidiaries participated in the EUPP, who
together purchased 206,399 Units on the Stock Exchange for a total consideration of HK$14,197,466.30, of which an amount of
HK$1,974,317.00 was subsidised by the Manager.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021/2022       49
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Information on Units of Link
Issue of New Units
During the year under review, 29,594,984 new Units were issued for the benefit of Link to retain cash for corporate uses, comprising
(i) 10,038,914 new Units issued on 12 August 2021 at an issue price of HK$75.063 per Unit pursuant to the final distribution
reinvestment scheme for the year ended 31 March 2021; and (ii) 19,556,070 new Units issued on 31 December 2021 at an issue
price of HK$64.795 per Unit pursuant to the interim distribution reinvestment scheme for the six months ended 30 September
2021. Based on 2,110,193,850 Units in issue as at 31 March 2022, the number of new Units issued during the year represented
approximately 1.40% of the issued Units of Link.

Buy-Back, Sale or Redemption of Units
During the year under review, the Manager (on behalf of Link) bought back a total of 1,264,000 Units on the Stock Exchange at an
aggregate consideration (excluding expenses) of approximately HK$82.45 million. Further details are set out as follows:



                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                             Purchase price per Unit
                                                                                                                             aggregate
                                           Number of Units                                                               consideration
Month                                         bought back                  Highest                    Lowest      (excluding expenses)
                                                                              HK$                       HK$                     HK$’M

2021
September                                       1,264,000                    67.35                     64.35                      82.45


All the Units bought back were cancelled prior to the end of the year under review. All Unit buy-backs by the Manager during the year
under review were carried out pursuant to the general mandate to buy back Units granted by the Unitholders and were made in the
interest of Link and the Unitholders as a whole. Buy-backs may lead to an enhancement of earnings and distributions per Unit. The
average cost (excluding expenses) of the Units bought back was approximately HK$65.23 per Unit.
Save as disclosed above, neither the Manager nor any of Link’s subsidiaries bought back, sold or redeemed any Units during the year
under review.

Guaranteed Green Convertible Bonds due 2024
On 3 April 2019, Link CB Limited (formerly known as Link 2019 CB Limited), a wholly-owned SPV of Link, completed the issue of
HK$4,000,000,000 1.60% guaranteed green convertible bonds due 2024 (the “Convertible Bonds”) which are convertible into new
Units of Link at an initial conversion price of HK$109.39 per Unit (subject to adjustment) for a maturity of five years. The Convertible
Bonds were listed on the Stock Exchange on 4 April 2019 with stock code number 5936.
Link believes that the issue of the Convertible Bonds is in the best interests of Link and its Unitholders as a whole as the Convertible
Bonds will replenish Link’s maturing facilities, diversify Link’s sources of funding, expand its investor base and increase the trading
liquidity of Units.
Link intended to use the net proceeds (after deduction of fees, commissions and other related expenses) of approximately
HK$3,974,000,000 from the issue of the Convertible Bonds to refinance or fund, in whole or in part, existing and future eligible green
projects selected in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as prescribed under and for general corporate purposes
that fit Link’s green finance framework. The net proceeds were used to refinance or fund Link’s eligible green projects and general
corporate purposes that fit its green finance framework, which received second opinion by Sustainalytics and the Hong Kong Quality
Assurance Agency.




50     Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




As of the date of this report, no conversion of the Convertible Bonds had been exercised by any holders of the Convertible Bonds.
On 4 April 2022, Link CB Limited, at the option of the bondholders, redeemed part of the Convertible Bonds at an aggregate principal
amount of HK$3,213,000,000 (the “Redeemed Bonds”), representing approximately 80.33% of the initial principal amount of the
Convertible Bonds, together with interest accrued up to the date fixed for redemption but unpaid. All the Redeemed Bonds had been
cancelled. As of the date of this report, the remaining aggregate outstanding amount of the Convertible Bonds is HK$787,000,000,
representing approximately 19.67% of the initial principal amount of the Convertible Bonds. Based on the initial conversion price of
HK$109.39 per Unit, the number of new Units to be issued upon full conversion of the remaining Convertible Bonds is approximately
7,194,441 Units.
For details of the issue and the partial redemption of the Convertible Bonds, please refer to the announcements dated 7 March,
8 March and 3 April 2019 and 4 April 2022 issued by Link.

Unitholder Statistics
An analysis of the registered Unitholders as at 31 March 2022 according to the register of Unitholders of Link was as follows:


                                                                        Number of                 Aggregate
                                                                        registered                number of
Range of unitholdings                                                  Unitholders                Units held               Percentage
                                                                                                                                   %

0–1,000                                                                      7,063                4,582,002                       0.22
1,001–5,000                                                                12,194                27,531,033                       1.30
5,001–10,000                                                                 1,147                7,870,372                       0.37
10,001–100,000                                                                688                18,272,656                       0.87
100,001 or over                                                                 85            2,051,937,787                      97.24
Total                                                                      21,177             2,110,193,850                     100.00


HKSCC Nominees Limited (through which most holders hold their Units) remained as the single largest registered Unitholder, holding
2,028,909,308 Units (approximately 96.15%) as at 31 March 2022.
Based on the closing price of HK$67.00 per Unit and 2,110,193,850 Units then in issue, the market capitalisation of Link as at
31 March 2022 was approximately HK$141.4 billion. Further details are set out in Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

Public Float
Based on the information publicly available to the Manager, Link continues to meet the required public float of no less than 25% of its
issued Units in public hands.
As at the date of this report, Link does not have any controlling nor substantial unitholder (has the meaning of “substantial holder”
under 8.1 of Chapter 8 of the REIT Code, i.e. entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10% or more of the voting power at any
general meeting of Link or any of its subsidiaries) (“Substantial Unitholder(s)”).




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022          51
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Directors of Subsidiaries
Directors of the Manager
The names of the current Directors of the Manager appear in the ‘Corporate Information’ section of this report. During the year under
review, Ms Jenny GU Jialin was appointed as a Director and Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG retired as Directors.

Directors of Link’s SPVs and the Manager’s Subsidiaries
The following individuals are directors of Link’s SPVs and the Manager’s subsidiaries during the year under review and/or up to the
date of this report:
•    Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
•    Mr NG Kok Siong
•    Mr Eric YAU Siu Kei(1)
•    Mr Kenneth Tai Lun WONG
•    Mr Gregory Robert CHUBB
•    Mr Ronald THAM Seng Yum
•    Mr Gary FOK Yip Sang
•    Mr Keith NG Man Keung
•    Ms Phyllis NG Yuen Fan
•    Mr Max WONG Hon Keung
•    Mr William LAI Hon Ming
•    Mr Emmanuel Regis FARCIS
•    Mr Philip HUANG Yong
•    Mr Ronnie WONG Yat San(1)

Note:
(1) Not a director of any SPV of Link or any subsidiary of the Manager as at the date of this report

During the year under review, no Director was interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete in any material
respect with Link.




52      Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Acquisition and Disposal of Real Estate
During the year under review, the following acquisitions took place:
•   the acquisition of a 50% interest in a commercial property known as “七寶萬科廣場” (Qibao Vanke Plaza) in Shanghai, Mainland
    China, by Link at an adjusted consideration of approximately RMB2,744 million which was completed on 2 April 2021 (details
    of which were disclosed in the announcements dated 24 February and 6 April 2021 and 31 March 2022 issued by Link). Such
    investment is classified as a Qualified Minority-owned Property;
•   the acquisition of a commercial property known as “太陽新天地購物中心” (Happy Valley Shopping Mall) in Guangzhou, Mainland
    China, by Link at an adjusted consideration of approximately RMB2,108 million which was completed on 28 June 2021 (details of
    which were disclosed in the announcements dated 4 June, 28 June and 3 December 2021 issued by Link);
•   the acquisition of 75% interests in two logistics properties in Dongguan and Foshan, Mainland China, by Link at an adjusted
    consideration of RMB766 million which was completed on 27 October 2021. The total adjusted consideration for the two
    logistics properties acquired was less than 1% of GAV of Link. As such, no announcement was required pursuant to the REIT
    Code. Details of the acquisition can be found on pages 12 and 23 of Interim Report 2021/2022;
•   the acquisition of 50% interests in three iconic retail properties in Sydney, Australia, namely Queen Victoria Building, The
    Galeries and The Strand Arcade by Link at an aggregate consideration of approximately AUD538.2 million (subject to completion
    adjustments) on 5 November 2021 (details of which were disclosed in the announcement dated 7 November 2021 issued by Link);
•   the acquisition of two car park/car services centres and godown buildings in Hong Kong by Link at total final consideration of
    HK$5,818 million which was completed on 31 December 2021 (details of which were disclosed in the announcements dated
    10 November and 31 December 2021 and 22 April 2022 issued by Link); and
•   the acquisition of 49.9% interests in a trust which owns interests in five prime office properties located in the central business
    districts of Sydney and Melbourne respectively in Australia (the “Portfolio Properties”) by Link at an initial purchase price of
    approximately AUD596.1 million (subject to completion adjustments) on 9 February 2022 which was completed on 1 June 2022
    (details of which were disclosed in the announcements dated 9 February and 1 June 2022 issued by Link). Such Portfolio Properties
    are classified as Non-qualified Minority-owned Properties.
As at 31 March 2022, Link’s portfolio comprised 140 assets (including 129 investment properties in Hong Kong, nine investment
properties in Mainland China, one investment property in Australia and one investment property in the United Kingdom). A list and
relevant details of those properties can be found in the ‘Valuation Report’ section of this report.
Subsequent to the financial year end on 12 May 2022, Link has agreed to acquire three logistics properties in Jiaxing, Zhejiang
Province, and Changshu, Jiangsu Province, Mainland China, at an initial consideration of RMB947 million (subject to completion
adjustments). The total consideration for the three logistics properties acquired was less than 1% of GAV of Link. As such, no
announcement was required pursuant to the REIT Code. Details of the acquisition can be found on page 44 of the Strategic Report of
Annual Report 2021/2022.


Property Development and Related Activities
There are no further updates on property development and related activities pursuant to 7.2A of the REIT Code. As at 31 March
2022, GAV Cap has not been applied, therefore 10% of GAV was available for property development and related activities under
the REIT and the Trust Deed.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022       53
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Relevant Investments
The Relevant Investments made by Link as of 31 March 2022 are set out below:


                                                                           Credit rating                                    Mark-to-      Percentage
                                  Primary                                                                                    market          of gross
Debt securities                    listing      Currency        S&P’s        Moody’s          Fitch        Total cost          value      asset value(1)
                                                                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000                %

CICCHK 3.375 05/03/22              HKEx           USD           BBB+             –            BBB+            47,067          46,981             0.02
CICCHK Float 05/03/22              HKEx           USD           BBB+             –            BBB+            80,349          79,855             0.04
CATIC 3.5 05/31/22                 HKEx           USD             –            Baa1            A–             47,082          46,977             0.02
LNGFOR 3.875 07/13/22               SGX           USD             –              –             BBB            59,229          57,828             0.03
HAOHUA 3.5 07/19/22                 SGX           USD            A–              –              A             94,314          94,211             0.04
CJIANT 3.375 07/25/22              HKEx           USD             –              –             A+            156,185         156,801             0.07
CHIOLI 3.95 11/15/22               HKEx           USD           BBB+           Baa1             –             24,048          23,617             0.01
YUEXIU 4.5 01/24/23                HKEx           USD             –            Baa3           BBB–            47,297          45,970             0.02
POLYRE 3.95 02/05/23               HKEx           USD           BBB–           Baa3           BBB+           266,372         265,203             0.12
HAOHUA 4.625 03/14/23               SGX           USD            A–              –              A             65,204          63,503             0.03
VNKRLE 4.15 04/18/23               HKEx           USD           BBB            Baa2           BBB+            80,310          78,149             0.04
VNKRLE Float 05/25/23              HKEx           USD           BBB            Baa2           BBB+             7,853           7,719           0.003
PINGIN 4.375 09/10/23               SGX           USD             –            Baa2             –             65,035          63,178             0.03
POLYRE 4.75 09/17/23               HKEx           USD           BBB–           Baa3           BBB+            47,203          45,779             0.02
YUEXIU 5.375 10/19/23              HKEx           USD             –            Baa3           BBB–            90,771          86,401             0.04
HYNMTR 4.3 02/01/24                 FRA           USD           BBB+           Baa1             –            204,053         198,916             0.09
VNKRLE 5.35 03/11/24               HKEx           USD           BBB            Baa2           BBB+            64,328          60,903             0.03
CHIOLI 5.95 05/08/24               HKEx           USD           BBB+           Baa1            A–             17,426          16,339             0.01
CCBL 3.5 05/16/24                  HKEx           USD             A              –              A            156,630         156,921             0.07
SHGANG 4 05/23/24                   SGX           USD             –              –             A–             94,278          94,428             0.04
YXREIT 3.6 05/28/24               Unlisted        HKD             –            Baa3             –             30,000          29,027             0.01
VNKRLE 4.2 06/07/24                HKEx           USD           BBB            Baa2           BBB+            38,914          37,523             0.02
HAOHUA 3.375 06/19/24               SGX           USD             –            Baa2             A             39,863          38,989             0.02
CHJMAO 4 06/21/24                  HKEx           USD           BBB–             –              –             53,159          50,212             0.02
WB 3.5 07/05/24                    HKEx           USD           BBB            Baa2             –             39,923          38,241             0.02
CNBG 3.375 07/16/24                HKEx           USD           BBB              –             A–            127,189         124,447             0.06
JOHNEL 4.125 07/30/24              HKEx           USD           BBB            Baa1             –             41,682          41,010             0.02
Total                                                                                                      2,085,764       2,049,128             0.92

Note:
(1) “Gross asset value” is calculated by reference to the latest published accounts of Link as adjusted for any distribution declared and change in
    valuation (if any) subsequent to the publication of the accounts. “Percentage of gross asset value” is calculated based on the mark-to-market value
    of the Relevant Investments

Based on the above, the portfolio of Relevant Investments represented approximately 0.92% of the gross asset value of Link as of
31 March 2022 (after adjusting for the final distribution declared). The combined value of the Relevant Investments together with
other investments of types referred to in 7.2C of the REIT Code represented approximately 3.62% of the gross asset value of Link
as of 31 March 2022 (after adjusting for the final distribution declared), and therefore is within the Maximum Cap.
The full investment portfolio of Relevant Investments is updated monthly within five business days of the end of each calendar month
on Link’s corporate website: Linkreit.com.




54      Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Regulation and Compliance




Other Information Updates
Major Real Estate Agents/Advisors
During the year under review, commissions paid to the top five real estate agents/advisors engaged by Link and their respective
services rendered are as follows:


                                                                                              Commission/              Percentage of
Name                                           Nature of services                        advisory fees paid            relevant costs
                                                                                                    HK$’M                          %

CBRE Limited                                   Lease agency                                             4.4                      22.8
Colliers International Agency Limited          Lease agency                                             4.1                      21.2
Cushman & Wakefield (HK) Limited               Lease agency                                             3.2                      16.6
仲量聯行測量師事務所（上海）有限公司                             Lease agency                                             2.1                      11.1
戴德梁行房地產諮詢（上海）有限公司                              Lease agency                                             1.0                          5.0


Major Contractors
During the year under review, the value of service contracts of the top five contractors engaged by Link and their respective services
rendered are as follows:


                                                                                                   Value of            Percentage of
Name                                           Nature of services                             services paid            relevant costs
                                                                                                    HK$’M                          %

深圳市特藝達裝飾設計工程有限公司                               Projects and maintenance                               211.3                      10.0
Synergis Management Services Limited           Property management agency                              82.3                          3.9
Savills Property Management Limited            Property management agency                              68.9                          3.3
Li Hing Environmental Services Co. Limited     Cleaning services                                       67.1                          3.2
Wilson Parking (Holdings) Limited              Car park management                                     63.9                          3.0



Major Customers and Suppliers
For the year under review, the five largest customers combined accounted for less than 30% of Link’s total revenue.
For the year under review, the five largest suppliers combined and the largest supplier accounted for, respectively, approximately
23.4% and approximately 10.0% of Link’s total relevant costs.
None of the Directors, any of their associates or Unitholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of
the Units of Link in issue) had an interest in any of the top five suppliers.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022        55
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Biographical Details of Directors
and Management Team
Directors of the Manager
Mr Nicholas Charles ALLEN                                          Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
Chairman (also an Independent Non-Executive Director)              Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer

Mr ALLEN, aged 67, has been an Independent Non-Executive           Mr HONGCHOY, aged 60, has served as an Executive Director
Director of the Manager since February 2016 and the Chairman       and Chief Executive Officer of the Manager since February
of the Board since April 2016. He is also the chairman of          2009 and May 2010 respectively, and a member of the Finance
the Finance and Investment Committee and the Nomination            and Investment Committee and the Nomination Committee of
Committee of the Manager.                                          the Manager. He is also one of the responsible officers of the
Mr ALLEN is currently an independent non-executive director        Manager for the purposes of the SFO, a director of The Link
of CLP Holdings Limited and Hong Kong Exchanges and                Holdings Limited, Link Properties Limited, The Link Finance
Clearing Limited (both are listed on the Main Board of the Stock   Limited and a number of subsidiaries of Link.
Exchange). He is also an independent non-executive director of     He is the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Tracker
Mordril Properties Limited (a private property company based in    Fund of Hong Kong (a Hong Kong unit trust authorised under
Hong Kong). He was an independent non-executive director of        section 104 of the SFO whose units are listed on the Main
Hysan Development Company Limited, Lenovo Group Limited            Board of the Stock Exchange), a trustee of the University of
(both are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange) and      Pennsylvania, an adjunct professor of the Department of Real
VinaLand Limited (which was listed on the AIM of the London        Estate and Construction of The University of Hong Kong and an
Stock Exchange). He was also an independent non-executive          advisor of Our Hong Kong Foundation Limited.
director of Stevin Rock LLC and RAK Rock LLC (both are private
                                                                   Mr HONGCHOY began his career in New Zealand and has since
quarry companies located in the United Arab Emirates).
                                                                   moved into senior management positions in financial consulting,
Mr ALLEN has extensive experience in accounting and auditing       investment banking and real estate investment.
as well as securities and regulatory matters. He retired as a
                                                                   He was named one of Harvard Business Review’s 100 Best-
partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers in 2007. Mr ALLEN served
                                                                   Performing CEOs in the World 2019, the Country Winner of
on the Securities and Futures Appeals Panel, the Takeovers and
                                                                   Hong Kong/Macau Region in the EY Entrepreneur of the Year
Mergers Panel, the Takeovers Appeal Committee, the Share
                                                                   2017 China Award, Business Person of the Year by DHL/SCMP
Registrars’ Disciplinary Committee of the SFC and as member
                                                                   Hong Kong Business Awards in 2015, and was also presented
of various committees of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
                                                                   with the Director of the Year Award (Listed Companies –
Public Accountants. He was an honorary advisor to the
                                                                   Executive Directors) by The Hong Kong Institute of Directors
Financial Reporting Council of Hong Kong and a director of
                                                                   in 2011.
Vision 2047 Foundation.
                                                                   Mr HONGCHOY holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree
Mr ALLEN holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics/Social
                                                                   from the University of Canterbury and an MBA degree from
Studies from The University of Manchester. He is a Fellow of
                                                                   The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. He is a
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
                                                                   Chartered Accountant, a Senior Fellow and a member of the
and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                                                                   Corporate Advisory Council of the Hong Kong Securities and
Accountants. He is awarded “Directors of the Year 2017” by
                                                                   Investment Institute, a Fellow member of The Hong Kong
The Hong Kong Institute of Directors.
                                                                   Institute of Directors, the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                                                                   Accountants, the Chartered Accountants Australia and New
                                                                   Zealand, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, and the
                                                                   Institute of Shopping Centre Management.




56    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr NG Kok Siong                                                      Mr Ian Keith GRIFFITHS
Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer                         Non-Executive Director

Mr NG, aged 50, has been an Executive Director of the Manager        Mr GRIFFITHS, aged 67, has been a Non-Executive Director of
since February 2020. He has been the Chief Financial Officer         the Manager since September 2007. He is also a member of the
and a member of the Finance and Investment Committee of              Finance and Investment Committee of the Manager.
the Manager since May 2018. He is also one of the responsible        Mr GRIFFITHS has lived in Hong Kong since 1983. He is the
officers of the Manager for the purposes of the SFO, a director of   founder and chairman of the architectural practice Aedas which
Link Properties Limited, The Link Finance Limited and a number       has been one of the world’s ten largest architectural practices
of subsidiaries of Link.                                             since 2006. Aedas has its headquarter in Hong Kong and 12
Mr NG has extensive experience in the real estate sector in Asia     global offices with 1,200 staff in Asia, the Middle East, Europe
covering a spectrum of strategic management roles in finance,        and North America.
investment, corporate development and business technology.           Mr GRIFFITHS studied Architecture at St John’s College,
Since joining CapitaLand Group in 2005, Mr NG held                   University of Cambridge, graduating with distinction in 1978
various senior executive positions, including Chief Corporate        and was admitted to The Royal Institute of British Architects in
Development Officer of CapitaLand Limited (a company                 1980. He is a Fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Architects
listed on the Singapore Exchange), Chief Financial Officer of        and an Honorary Fellow of the University of Wales Trinity Saint
CapitaMalls Asia Limited (currently known as CapitaLand Mall         David and Cardiff University. He has extensive experience
Asia Limited), and Group Chief Digital Officer of CapitaLand         in high density urban planning and in the design of high-rise
Limited. He was also a director and audit committee member           commercial and residential buildings, airports and civic facilities
of two real estate investment trusts in Singapore and Malaysia,      throughout Asia. He lectures, writes, videos and posts widely
namely CapitaLand Retail China Trust Management Limited              concerning high density design, urban renewal, transport
(the manager of CapitaLand Retail China Trust listed on the          oriented and mixed use development, live-work office, retail and
Singapore Exchange) and CapitaLand Malaysia Mall REIT
                                                                     community engagement.
Management Sdn. Bhd. (the manager of CapitaLand Malaysia
Mall Trust listed on Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad).              Mr GRIFFITHS established the Griffiths-Roch Foundation in
                                                                     2009 to purchase and restore Roch Castle, Penrhiw Priory and
Prior to joining CapitaLand Group, Mr NG has worked in               Twr y Felin as luxury historic hotels in Wales.
ExxonMobil and Royal Dutch Shell across Asia and Europe
in various roles including planning and appraisal, information
systems, finance and investment management.
Mr NG holds a Bachelor’s degree in Accountancy (Honours)
from Nanyang Technological University of Singapore and
attended the Tuck Executive Program at Dartmouth College.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022       57
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr Christopher John BROOKE                                         Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong
Independent Non-Executive Director                                 Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr BROOKE, aged 53, has been an Independent Non-Executive          Mr CHAN, aged 59, has been an Independent Non-Executive
Director of the Manager since May 2018. He is also a member of     Director of the Manager since February 2016. He is also a
the Finance and Investment Committee and the Remuneration          member of the Finance and Investment Committee and the
Committee of the Manager.                                          Remuneration Committee of the Manager.
Mr BROOKE is a business advisor to VationX (formerly known         Mr CHAN is a non-executive director of Treasury Wine Estates
as Proxy Inc.) and a member of the Advisory Board of Kerb          Limited (which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange).
Holdings Company Pty Limited. He is a Chartered Surveyor, a        Mr CHAN was previously an executive director and the vice
Fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS)      chairman of C.P. Lotus Corporation (which was listed on the
and a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors. Mr           Main Board of the Stock Exchange), a vice chairman of Charoen
BROOKE was the global president of the RICS between                Pokphand Group Company Limited, an operating partner
November 2018 and December 2019 and the Interim Chair of           of SoftBank Investment Advisers and an independent non-
the Governing Council of the RICS between December 2019            executive director of Yum China Holdings, Inc. (which is listed on
and September 2021. In addition, he is a member of the Urban       the New York Stock Exchange and the Main Board of the Stock
Land Institute and a director of the Hong Kong Rugby Union.        Exchange). In addition, he was a partner of Gaorong Capital from
Between October 2016 and March 2020, Mr BROOKE was a               July 2020 to June 2022, the president and chief executive officer
co-founder and director of Brooke Husband Limited. Prior to        of Walmart China from November 2006 to October 2011, and
this period, Mr BROOKE held a number of senior management          held senior positions with the Dairy Farm Group from November
positions at CBRE, relating to both China and Asia, between        2001 to November 2006 (including his last position as Regional
July 2002 and December 2015 (including his last position as        Director, North Asia). Mr CHAN also led Bertelsmann Music
Executive Managing Director, Consulting, Asia Pacific). He was     Group business in Greater China.
also a long standing member of the Asia Pacific Strategic Group    Mr CHAN began his career as a consultant with McKinsey & Co
within CBRE. Mr BROOKE held various positions at Brooke            working in both Hong Kong and the United States. He obtained
Hillier Parker, Brooke International and Insignia Brooke between   a Bachelor degree from The University of Chicago and a Master
March 1992 and July 2003 before joining CBRE in 2003 via the       degree from the Sloan School of Management, Massachusetts
acquisition of Insignia Brooke by CBRE.                            Institute of Technology.
Mr BROOKE started his career in 1989 as a graduate surveyor
at Hillier Parker in the United Kingdom, prior to relocating to
Hong Kong in 1992. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in
Land Economy from the University of Cambridge.




58    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Ms Jenny GU Jialin                                                   Mr Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen
Independent Non-Executive Director                                   Independent Non-Executive Director

Ms GU, aged 53, has been an Independent Non-Executive                Mr LEONG, aged 61, was appointed as an Independent Non-
Director of the Manager since August 2021. She is also a             Executive Director of the Manager in March 2021. He is also
member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of                 a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of
the Manager.                                                         the Manager.
Ms GU is a chartered certified accountant with a wealth              Mr LEONG is a chartered accountant and has extensive
of experience in multi-national business, consulting and             experience in commerce and investment banking. He is an
investment. She is currently the Chief Executive Officer, China      independent non-executive director of SUNeVision Holdings
of the luxury group Richemont, where she brings expertise in         Ltd. (which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange)
both on and off-line retail, strategy and transformation. Prior to   and a non-executive director and the chairman of the Audit
Richemont, Ms GU held leadership positions in PPG Consulting         Committee of Hongkong Land Holdings Limited (which is
Company Limited, TPG Capital, L.P. and Nike, Inc., where her         listed on the London Stock Exchange, Bermuda Stock Exchange
career spanned Mainland China, Hong Kong, the United States,         and Singapore Exchange Limited). Mr LEONG is also an
Singapore and Taiwan.                                                independent non-executive director of Standard Chartered
                                                                     Bank (Hong Kong) Limited.
Ms GU is qualified as a chartered certified accountant in the
United Kingdom in 1998 and was a Council Member (Global)             Mr LEONG was previously an executive director and the chief
of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)         executive officer of MTR Corporation Limited (which is listed on
from 2009 to 2021. She was the first female from Mainland            the Main Board of the Stock Exchange), a non-executive director
China to hold the role of ACCA President from 2019 to 2020.          of Jardine Strategic Holdings Limited (which was listed on the
Ms GU holds an Executive Master of Business Administration           Singapore Exchange Limited, London Stock Exchange and
from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern                Bermuda Stock Exchange) and Mandarin Oriental International
University and The Hong Kong University of Science and               Limited (which is listed on the Singapore Exchange Limited,
Technology, and both Bachelor of Philosophy and Master of            London Stock Exchange and Bermuda Stock Exchange).
Philosophy degrees from Fudan University.                            Mr LEONG is a vice-patron of The Community Chest of Hong
                                                                     Kong and a member of the Supervisory Board of The Hong Kong
                                                                     Housing Society. He was the chairman of the Quality Assurance
                                                                     Council of the University Grants Committee.
                                                                     Mr LEONG qualified as a chartered accountant in England in
                                                                     1985 and in British Columbia, Canada in 1987. He holds a
                                                                     Bachelor of Arts degree (subsequently a Master of Arts degree)
                                                                     from the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022       59
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL                                         Ms Poh Lee TAN
Independent Non-Executive Director                                 Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr PICKERELL, aged 65, has been an Independent Non-                Ms TAN, aged 63, has been an Independent Non-Executive
Executive Director of the Manager since April 2016. He is also     Director of the Manager since November 2015. She is also a
the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of         member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the
the Nomination Committee of the Manager.                           Nomination Committee of the Manager.
Mr PICKERELL is an independent non-executive director and a        Ms TAN was the managing partner of the Hong Kong, Beijing,
member of the Finance Committee and of the Nominating and          Shanghai and Vietnam offices of the international law firm
Governance Committee of Principal Financial Group, Inc. (which     Baker & McKenzie from November 2010 till October 2012 and
is listed on NASDAQ). He holds independent non-executive           Chairman of Asia for Baker & McKenzie from October 2008
directorships of, and is a member of the audit committees of       to October 2010. She was a solicitor, admitted to practice in
Dah Sing Banking Group Limited (which is listed on the Main        Hong Kong, England and Wales, Australia and Singapore.
Board of the Stock Exchange) and Dah Sing Bank, Limited. He        She has extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions and
is also the chairman of the Risk Management and Compliance         private equity transactions in the Asia-Pacific region as well as
Committee of Dah Sing Bank, Limited. In addition, he is an         outbound investments from Mainland China.
independent non-executive director and a member of each of         Ms TAN has been active in community service. She is the
the Finance Committee and Corporate Governance Committee           founder and a director of Mighty Oaks Foundation Limited and
of First Pacific Company Limited (which is listed on the Main      was a member of the founding board of Independent Schools
Board of the Stock Exchange).                                      Foundation. Ms TAN holds a Bachelor of Laws degree from the
Mr PICKERELL is currently a member of the Supervisory              London School of Economics and Political Science and a Master
Committee of Tracker Fund of Hong Kong (a Hong Kong unit           of Law degree from Queens’ College, University of Cambridge.
trust authorised under section 104 of the SFO whose units are
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange) and was a
member of the Advisory Board of Anthemis Insurance Venture
Growth Fund of London from March 2019 to February 2021.
He has also been active in public service. He was a Court
Member of The University of Hong Kong during December
2008 to November 2014, is a member of the International
Advisory Council of the Faculty of Business and Economics of
The University of Hong Kong, and is the chairman of Harvard
Business School Association of Hong Kong.
Mr PICKERELL was Chairman, Asia of Nikko Asset Management
Co., Ltd. up to July 2015. He joined Jardine Matheson Holdings
Group in 1984 and held various positions in Jardine Matheson
Holdings Group. In 2003, he joined HSBC Investments (Hong
Kong) Limited (now known as HSBC Global Asset Management
(Hong Kong) Limited) as the Chief Executive Officer, Asia
Pacific. Mr PICKERELL served as the Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer, Asia of Morgan Stanley Investment
Management from 2007 to 2010 and was also an independent
non-executive director and a member of the audit committee of
Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited (which is listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange) from June 2013 to December 2017.
Mr PICKERELL holds an MBA degree from Harvard Business
School and an MA degree (in East Asian Studies) and a BA
degree (in Political Science) from Stanford University.




60    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr Peter TSE Pak Wing                                                Ms Nancy TSE Sau Ling
Independent Non-Executive Director                                   Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr TSE, aged 71, has been an Independent Non-Executive               Ms TSE, aged 69, has been an Independent Non-Executive
Director of the Manager since July 2014. He is also the chairman     Director of the Manager since July 2014. She is also a member
of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Manager.           of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Manager.
Mr TSE was an executive director of CLP Holdings Limited             Ms TSE joined the Hospital Authority in 1991 and was the
(which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange) up till    chief financial officer and the Director (Finance and Information
May 2012 and became a non-executive director until he retired        Technology Services) before her retirement in August 2013.
in April 2013. Before joining the CLP Group in January 1981, he      Ms TSE is a member of the Board of Governors of the Prince
worked with Deloitte & Co. in London and Hong Kong, and the          Philip Dental Hospital, an adjunct professor at The Jockey
Swire Group. Mr TSE retired as an independent non-executive          Club School of Public Health and Primary Care of The Chinese
director of Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering Company Limited           University of Hong Kong, and an honorary adviser and a
(which was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange until      member of the Oversight, Policy and Governance Committee
it withdrew from listing on 29 November 2018) with effect from       of The Financial Reporting Council. Ms TSE is also the Deputy
1 December 2018.                                                     Chair, a member of Professional Accountants in Business
                                                                     Advisory Group and a member of Public Policy and Regulation
Mr TSE holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical
                                                                     Advisory Group of the International Federation of Accountants.
Engineering from The University of Hong Kong and a Master of
                                                                     She also serves on the boards and committees of a number of
Science degree in Technological Economics from the University
                                                                     charitable organisations and non-government organisations.
of Stirling in Scotland. He is a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute
                                                                     Ms TSE is an independent non-executive director of The
of Certified Public Accountants.
                                                                     Wharf (Holdings) Limited (which is listed on the Main Board
                                                                     of the Stock Exchange) since 1 January 2021. Ms TSE is also
                                                                     an independent non-executive director of DBS Bank (Hong
                                                                     Kong) Limited and an independent non-executive director and
                                                                     the chairman of HSBC Provident Fund Trustee (Hong Kong)
                                                                     Limited. Ms TSE was an independent non-executive director of
                                                                     Wheelock and Company Limited (which was listed on the Main
                                                                     Board of the Stock Exchange until it withdrew from listing on 27
                                                                     July 2020).
                                                                     Ms TSE holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree in
                                                                     Mathematics and a Master of Business Administration degree
                                                                     in Finance/Accounting from the University of California, Los
                                                                     Angeles. She is a Chartered Accountant qualified in Canada,
                                                                     a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                                                                     Accountants and a Fellow member of The Hong Kong Institute
                                                                     of Directors.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022      61
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Management Team
Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                          Mr Gregory Robert CHUBB
Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer                          Chief Operating Officer – International

                                                                      Mr CHUBB, aged 53, leads and oversees the group’s asset
Mr NG Kok Siong                                                       management, leasing and operations outside Mainland China
Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer                          and Hong Kong. He joined the Manager in April 2022, bringing
                                                                      extensive experience across retail, commercial real estate
Senior Management                                                     funds and REIT operations. He is also a director of a number
                                                                      of subsidiaries of Link. He has expertise in shaping commercial
Mr Kenneth Tai Lun WONG                                               portfolios, particularly in delivering an optimal business mix with
Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary                               strong customer appeal through active asset management. Prior
                                                                      to joining the Manager, Mr CHUBB was an executive director
Mr WONG, aged 52, oversees the legal, company secretariat,            of Charter Hall Retail REIT, which is listed on the Australian
risk governance and compliance functions of Link. He joined           Securities Exchange, and the Retail Chief Executive Officer
the Manager in August 2019 and is a director of a number of           of Charter Hall Group. Prior to that, Mr CHUBB held various
subsidiaries of Link. Mr WONG has more than 28 years of legal         leadership roles in Australia at Coles Supermarkets, Mirvac and
and management experience focusing on corporate finance,              Lend Lease, and was based in Hong Kong with Jones Lang
mergers and acquisitions and corporate development. Prior to          LaSalle between 2009 and 2010.
joining Link, he held various senior executive positions within       Mr CHUBB holds a Bachelor of Business in Land Economy
HNA Group including the General Counsel of HNA Group                  from Western Sydney University. He is a Fellow of Australian
(International) Company Limited, an executive director of Hong        Property Institute and was the Joint Deputy Chairman of the
Kong International Construction Investment Management                 Shopping Centre Council of Australia.
Group Co., Limited and a director of Hilton Grand Vacations
Inc. Prior to that, he co-founded a solicitors’ firm in Hong Kong
which eventually merged with the international law firm Nixon
                                                                      Mr Ronald THAM Seng Yum
Peabody LLP to become Nixon Peabody CWL and served as the
                                                                      Chief Corporate Development Officer
managing partner of the firm for 14 years. In addition to his legal
career, Mr WONG has extensive entrepreneurial experience in           Mr THAM, aged 52, is responsible for the Manager’s corporate
the elderly healthcare and real estate sectors. He owned and          development, mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance and
operated a chain of private elderly homes in Hong Kong known          capital transactions. He joined the Manager in April 2022 and is
as “Greenery Elderly Home” for 20 years until its divestment in       a director of a number of subsidiaries of Link.
2014. He also has over 15 years of experience in developing           Mr THAM has extensive experience in real estate investment,
village houses in the New Territories for his family business. Mr     management and development, corporate finance, mergers and
WONG was appointed by the Government of the HKSAR as a                acquisitions, corporate and investment banking and accounting
member of the Elderly Commission from 2015 to 2021. He was            and finance. He has held senior roles in multinational and global
formerly a vice-chairman of the Friends of Caritas of Hong Kong,      financial institutions, with responsibility for the execution of
                                                                      multijurisdictional corporate actions and with an operational
a member of the Board of Governors of Chu Hai College of
                                                                      remit spanning Hong Kong, Mainland China, Singapore and
Higher Education and an advisor to Heung Yee Kuk of the New
                                                                      internationally. Prior to joining the Manager, he was an executive
Territories.                                                          director of each of Lai Sun Development Company Limited and
Mr WONG holds a Bachelor of Laws degree from the London               Lai Fung Holdings Limited, both are listed on the Main Board of
School of Economics and Political Science of the University           the Stock Exchange. He has held senior positions at Sumitomo
of London and a Master of Science degree in International             Mitsui Banking Corporation, Swire Pacific Group, HSBC Global
Hospitality Management from The Hong Kong Polytechnic                 Banking and Macquarie Capital.
University. He is a qualified solicitor in Hong Kong.                 He trained and qualified as a Chartered Accountant with Price
                                                                      Waterhouse (now known as PwC), London and is a Fellow
                                                                      Member of both the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
                                                                      England and Wales and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
                                                                      Public Accountants. He is also a Member of the Hong Kong
                                                                      Securities and Investment Institute. He is the Chairman of
                                                                      the Registration and Practising Committee of the Hong Kong
                                                                      Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a Member of the
                                                                      Finance Committee of the Hong Kong University of Science and
                                                                      Technology.
                                                                      Mr THAM holds a Master of Engineering in chemical engineering
                                                                      from Imperial College, University of London in the United
                                                                      Kingdom.

62    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Ms Christine CHAN Suk Han                                             Mr Gary FOK Yip Sang
Chief Investment Officer (Asia)                                       Managing Director – Leasing (Hong Kong)

Ms CHAN, aged 47, oversees asset investment of Link, including        Mr FOK, aged 55, is responsible for overseeing the leasing
acquisition, new market development, as well as market study          of Link’s Hong Kong asset portfolio. Mr FOK is a director of a
and research. She is one of the responsible officers of the           number of subsidiaries of Link. He joined the Manager in July
Manager for the purposes of the SFO. Ms CHAN has over 20              2014 and has over 30 years of solid and all-rounded experience
years of experience in the real estate and fund management            in asset management of commercial properties in Mainland
industry. Prior to joining the Manager, Ms CHAN was the               China and Hong Kong. Before joining the Manager, Mr FOK
Director – Investment and Acquisition at Harvest Capital              was the Head of Asset Management of InfraRed NF Investment
Partners Limited, a subsidiary of China Resources Group.              Advisers Limited. He had also held various leadership roles
Ms CHAN has also been engaged by ARA Asset Management                 in major asset development and management companies in
(Prosperity) Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Properties                 Mainland China and Hong Kong such as Hutchison Whampoa
Limited in earlier years. Ms CHAN has extensive experience            Properties Limited, New World Group, Jones Lang LaSalle
in direct asset investment, debt and equity investment and            Limited and Henderson Land Development Company Limited.
financing, asset management, real estate investment trust and         Mr FOK holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Surveying from
private equity fund set up and management in the Greater China        The University of Hong Kong. He is a member of China Institute
Region.                                                               of Real Estate Appraisers, a Hong Kong Registered Professional
Ms CHAN holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Surveying               Surveyor, and a member of The Hong Kong Institute of
from The University of Hong Kong and a Master of Science              Surveyors, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors
degree in Global Finance jointly conferred by the New York            and the Hong Kong Institute of Real Estate Administrators.
University Stern School of Business and the School of Business
and Management of The Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology. She is a qualified General Practice Surveyor and a
member of The Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors and the Royal          Mr William LAI Hon Ming
Institution of Chartered Surveyors. She is also a Hong Kong           Managing Director – Property & Car Park Management
Advisory Board member to the Royal Institution of Chartered           (Hong Kong)​
Surveyors.
                                                                      Mr LAI, aged 59, oversees the property management aspects
                                                                      of Link’s Hong Kong portfolio, including the management and
                                                                      operations of its car parks. He joined the Manager in March
Ms Lorraine CHAN Kuen Kuen                                            2019 and is a director of a subsidiary of Link. Mr LAI has over
Managing Director – Corporate Affairs                                 30 years of extensive industry experience in Hong Kong. Prior to
                                                                      joining Link, he was Head of Hong Kong Property Management
Ms CHAN, aged 53, oversees corporate communications,                  at Jones Lang LaSalle Limited and had held the position
branding, and engagement with key stakeholders including              since 2007.
news media, government agencies and the community. She
                                                                      Mr LAI holds an MBA degree from Kennedy Western University
joined the Manager in January 2019 and is the administrator
                                                                      and is a Fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.
of Link’s charity and community engagement programme
Link Together Initiatives. Ms CHAN began her career in
journalism and is a seasoned professional with extensive
experience in media relations, public affairs, branding and digital
communications. Prior to joining the Manager, she was Head,
Managing Director of Corporate Communications at Hong Kong
Exchanges and Clearing Limited, where she had enjoyed a long
tenure of 20 years.
Ms CHAN holds an MBA degree from the University of
Strathclyde and a Bachelor of Social Science degree in
Journalism and Communication from the Chinese University of
Hong Kong. She completed the Stanford Executive Program
of Stanford University Graduate School of Business in 2016,
and an executive certificate in Strategy and Innovation from the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA, in 2018.


                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022     63
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr Kenny LAM Ting Pong                                                Ms Phyllis NG Yuen Fan
Chief Investment Officer (Strategic Investment)                       Managing Director – Human Resources

Mr LAM, aged 44, is responsible for strategic investment,             Ms NG, aged 58, oversees the human resources, leadership
mergers and acquisitions and portfolio management.                    and talent development and workplace functions of Link. She
                                                                      joined the Manager in March 2016 and is a director of a number
Mr LAM joined the Manager in June 2022. He is a real estate
                                                                      of subsidiaries of Link. She is a seasoned professional having
investment veteran. Before joining the Manager, he was Senior
                                                                      held various senior human resources management positions
Managing Director, Asia Chief Investment Officer and Head
                                                                      in internationally recognised financial institutions, including 17
of Asia Transaction at Manulife Investment Management
                                                                      years at UBS AG. Her past duties included a full spectrum of
– Real Estate, responsible for leading the formulation and
                                                                      human resources functions covering Hong Kong, the PRC and
implementation of the firm’s real estate investment strategy
                                                                      the Asia Pacific region. With this extensive work experience, she
and the growth of its acquisition’s platform in Asia. Prior to
                                                                      established her own consulting business in 2013, engaging in
that, he was Chief Manager of Direct Investment at the Hong
                                                                      cross-industry human resources projects.
Kong Monetary Authority, responsible for its global real estate
investment portfolio. Earlier in his career, he held real estate      Ms NG holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from The University of
investment and investment banking roles at Ping An Real Estate,       Hong Kong and an Executive MBA degree from the Guanghua
J.P. Morgan Asset Management and Citigroup Global Markets.            School of Management of the Peking University.

Mr LAM holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Honours), majoring in
Civil and Structural Engineering from the Hong Kong University
of Science and Technology, as well as an MBA majoring in
Finance from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.




Mr Keith NG Man Keung
Managing Director – Finance

Mr NG, aged 50, oversees the financial control, tax and business
analytics functions of Link. He is also responsible for the finance
aspects of merger and acquisition projects. Mr NG joined the
Manager in June 2009, as group treasurer and has taken up
the current finance role since April 2020. He is also a director
of a number of subsidiaries of Link. He has over 29 years of
extensive finance, treasury and IT experience. Prior to joining
the Manager, he held various managerial positions in renowned
property groups and banking groups such as Hutchison
Whampoa Property Group, Hongkong Land Group and
Standard Chartered Bank. He also serves as the vice chairman
of the Corporate Finance Committee of the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants.
Mr NG holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer
Science from The University of Hong Kong, Master of Science
degree in Investment Management and Master of Business
Administration degree from The Hong Kong University of
Science and Technology. He is a Fellow member of the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a Fellow member
of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and is a
Chartered Financial Analyst charterholder.




64    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Biographical Details of Directors and Management Team




Mr Max WONG Hon Keung                                               Mr Haiqun ZHU
Managing Director – Project & Operations (Hong Kong)​               Managing Director – Mainland China

Mr WONG, aged 57, oversees the formulation and execution of         Mr ZHU, aged 52, oversees the Mainland China region and is
asset enhancement projects, and the management of operation         responsible for asset management, leasing, operations and
and maintenance functions to realise the full potential of Link’s   other work relating to commercial and corporate functions. His
asset portfolio. He is also responsible for development projects.   role also supports the identification and execution of merger and
Mr WONG joined the Manager in May 2013 and is a director of         acquisition opportunities.
a subsidiary of Link. He has over 30 years of experience in major   Mr ZHU joined the Manager in May 2022. He has extensive
residential and commercial projects in Hong Kong and Macau.         experience in real estate set-up and expansion, commercial and
Prior to joining the Manager, he was the Assistant General          operational asset management, asset enhancement and capital
Manager (Head of Project for Hong Kong Operations) at HKR           management. Before joining the Manager, he was Partner and
International Limited. He also held various senior positions at     Vice President at SCPG, a member company of Vanke Group,
Aedas Limited, Wong Tung & Partners Limited and Kwan and            where he was a key contributor to the company’s growth
Associates Limited.                                                 into one of the leading commercial real estate enterprises in
Mr WONG holds a Bachelor of Architecture degree and a               Mainland China. He also served as Deputy General Manager,
Bachelor of Arts degree in Architectural Studies from The           Chief Investment Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive
University of Hong Kong. He is a Registered Architect and an        Director of SCPG Capital since joining the company in 2003.
Authorised Person in Hong Kong and also a member of The             Prior to that, he worked at Shenzhen International Trust &
Hong Kong Institute of Architects.                                  Investment working with a focus on finance and investment-
                                                                    related matters.
                                                                    Mr ZHU has a bachelor’s degree in International Finance and
                                                                    Business from Shenzhen University, and an MBA in Finance
                                                                    from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He was also a
                                                                    visiting scholar at Baruch College of the City University of New
                                                                    York.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022      65
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Disclosure of Interests




Disclosure of Interests
Interests and Short Positions of Unitholders Required to be Disclosed Under the SFO
According to the disclosure of interests to the Stock Exchange and the Manager pursuant to the provisions of Part XV of the SFO
and the register kept by the Manager, the following persons held an interest of 5% or more in Units and/or underlying Units as at
31 March 2022:

                                                                                                      Number of Units/              Approximate
                                                                                                      underlying Units         percentage of total
Name                                                  Capacity                                         in long position             Units in issue(2)
                                                                                                                                                %

BlackRock, Inc. (“BlackRock”)(1)                      Interests of controlled corporations                187,976,551(1)                       8.90

State Street Corporation                              Investment manager                                   111,501,019                         5.28


Notes:
(1) The long position interests of BlackRock in 187,976,551 Units were held through its various controlled corporations. The interests shown in the
    above table included long position interests of 441,800 underlying Units in cash settled unlisted derivatives.
(2) The approximate percentages were calculated based on 2,110,193,850 Units in issue as at 31 March 2022 (rounded down to two decimal places).

Save as disclosed above, based on the disclosure of interests to the Stock Exchange and the Manager pursuant to the provisions of
Part XV of the SFO and the register kept by the Manager, there were no other persons having an interest of 5% or more in the Units
and/or underlying Units as at 31 March 2022.




66       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Disclosure of Interests




Interests of Directors in Units
According to the disclosure of interests to the Stock Exchange and the Manager pursuant to the provisions of Part XV of the SFO and
the register kept by the Manager, the interests of the Directors in Units and underlying Units as at 31 March 2022 were as follows:

                                                   Number of Units                                                         Approximate
                                                                                          Interest in     Total interest     percentage        Total interest
                                   Personal        Family    Corporate         Other      underlying             held at   of total Units             held at
Name                                interest(1)   interest     interest      interest          Units(2)   31 Mar 2022            in issue(3)   30 Sep 2021
                                                                                                                                       %

Chairman (also an Independent
  Non-Executive Director)
Nicholas Charles ALLEN             154,072(4)           –             –            –          54,983           209,055           0.0099             184,055
Executive Directors
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY          650,451              –             –            –       2,184,937         2,835,388           0.1343           2,724,497
NG Kok Siong                        68,937              –             –            –        450,760            519,697           0.0246             518,040
Non-Executive Director
Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                 86,314              –             –            –          16,924           103,238           0.0048             103,238
Independent Non-Executive
   Directors
Christopher John BROOKE               8,914             –             –            –          17,903            26,817           0.0012              26,817
Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong                    8,000             –             –            –          18,815            26,815           0.0012              26,815
Jenny GU Jialin                            –            –             –            –                –                 –                 –                  –
Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen                    –            –             –            –           7,132             7,132           0.0003                7,132
Blair Chilton PICKERELL               8,500             –             –            –          19,089            27,589           0.0013              27,589
TAN Poh Lee                         26,162              –       13,101             –          18,100            57,363           0.0027              57,049
Peter TSE Pak Wing                  40,859              –             –            –          19,601            60,460           0.0028              59,479
Nancy TSE Sau Ling                  35,161              –             –            –          18,100            53,261           0.0025              53,261

Notes:
(1) Directors’ personal interests in Units as stated above were long position interests. There were no short position interests held by any Director.
(2) Directors’ interests in underlying Units as stated above were long position interests and represent the maximum number of Units which may be
    vested with the Directors under the Long-term Incentive Scheme. Please refer to the ‘Long-term Incentive Scheme’ section on pages 71 to 77 of
    this report for details. Additional Units beyond this amount may be vested subject to approval of the Remuneration Committee of the Manager.
(3) The approximate percentages were calculated based on 2,110,193,850 Units in issue as at 31 March 2022 (rounded down to four decimal places).
(4) The personal interest of Mr Nicholas Charles ALLEN in 102,500 Units was held in an account in joint names with his spouse.

Save as disclosed above and so far as the Manager is aware, none of the Directors or any of their respective associates held any
interests in Units (or, as the case may be, shares) or underlying Units (or, as the case may be, underlying shares) or debentures of Link
and/or its subsidiaries which were required to be disclosed pursuant to the provisions of Part XV of the SFO as at 31 March 2022.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022             67
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Disclosure of Interests




Interests of Connected Persons in Units and Securities
After making reasonable enquiries and according to the information available to the Manager, as at 31 March 2022, the following
persons (other than any Substantial Unitholder and the Directors and any of their respective associates(2)) being connected persons (as
defined in Chapter 8 of the REIT Code) to Link, held the following interests in the Units and securities issued by Link or its SPVs:

1.   Interests in Units
                                                                                   Number of                   Approximate                  Number of
                                                                                 Units held at               percentage of                Units held at
     Name                                                                        31 Mar 2022             total Units in issue(3)          30 Sep 2021
                                                                                                                           %

     Associates of Trustee                                                          2,521,408                           0.12                 2,150,887

     Notes:
     (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on 2,110,193,850 Units in issue as at 31 March 2022.
     (2) As at 31 March 2022, Link did not have any Substantial Unitholders. The interests in Units held by the Directors (including the CEO and the
         CFO (who is also a director of certain subsidiaries of Link)) as at 31 March 2022 are disclosed in the ‘Interests of Directors in Units’ section
         above.
         In addition, as at 31 March 2022, Mr Eric YAU Siu Kei (who was a director of certain subsidiaries of Link), Mr Gary FOK Yip Sang (being a
         director of certain subsidiaries of Link), Ms Phyllis NG Yuen Fan (being a director of certain subsidiaries of Link) and Mr Max WONG Hon
         Keung (being a director of a subsidiary of Link), together with their respective associates were interested in 21,366, 137,012, 66,626 and
         125,712 Units respectively.

2.   Interests in Green Bond and/or Notes issued under the MTN Programme
     (a) HK$589 million HKD-denominated notes due 2021 issued on 3 October 2011 at 3.3% coupon rate by
         The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited, a subsidiary of Link
                                                                                     Nominal                  Approximate                    Nominal
                                                                               amount held at            percentage of total           amount held at
           Name                                                                  31 Mar 2022               nominal amount                30 Sep 2021
                                                                                         HK$                             %                       HK$

           Associates of Trustee                                                               –                            –             300,000,000


     (b) HK$500 million HKD-denominated notes due 2027 issued on 28 June 2012 at 3.55% coupon rate by
         The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited
                                                                                     Nominal                  Approximate                    Nominal
                                                                               amount held at            percentage of total           amount held at
           Name                                                                  31 Mar 2022               nominal amount(1)             30 Sep 2021
                                                                                         HK$                             %                       HK$

           Associates of Trustee                                                 100,000,000                          20.00               100,000,000

           Note:
           (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the total nominal amount of HK$500 million of the above-mentioned
               HKD-denominated notes.




68    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Disclosure of Interests




(c) HK$500 million HKD-denominated notes due 2028 issued on 8 February 2013 at 3.1% coupon rate
    by The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited
                                                                          Nominal                Approximate                  Nominal
                                                                    amount held at          percentage of total         amount held at
      Name                                                            31 Mar 2022             nominal amount(1)           30 Sep 2021
                                                                              HK$                           %                     HK$

      Associates of Trustee                                             50,000,000                      10.00                50,000,000

      Note:
      (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the total nominal amount of HK$500 million of the above-mentioned
          HKD-denominated notes.

(d) US$500 million USD-denominated notes due 2024 issued on 3 September 2014 at 3.6% coupon rate
    by The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited
                                                                          Nominal                Approximate                  Nominal
                                                                    amount held at          percentage of total         amount held at
      Name                                                            31 Mar 2022             nominal amount(2)           30 Sep 2021
                                                                              US$                           %                     US$

      Associates of Trustee                                             34,324,000                       6.86                34,171,000

      Note:
      (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the total nominal amount of US$500 million of the above-mentioned
          USD-denominated notes.

(e) HK$400 million HKD-denominated notes due 2038 issued on 27 October 2020 at 2.18% coupon rate
    by The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited
                                                                          Nominal                Approximate                  Nominal
                                                                    amount held at          percentage of total         amount held at
      Name                                                          31 March 2022             nominal amount(1)           30 Sep 2021
                                                                              HK$                           %                     HK$

      Associates of the Trustee                                        300,000,000                      75.00                         –

      Note:
      (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the total nominal amount of HK$400 million of the above-mentioned
          HKD-denominated notes.

(f)   US$500 million green bond due 2026 issued on 21 July 2016 at 2.875% coupon rate by The Link
      Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited (“Green Bond”)
                                                                          Nominal                Approximate                  Nominal
                                                                    amount held at          percentage of total         amount held at
      Name                                                            31 Mar 2022             nominal amount(1)           30 Sep 2021
                                                                              US$                           %                     US$

      Associates of Trustee                                             20,312,000                       4.06                    35,000

      Note:
      (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the total nominal amount of US$500 million of the Green Bond.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022      69
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Disclosure of Interests




3.   Interests in Guaranteed Green Convertible Bonds due 2024
     HK$4 billion HKD-denominated guaranteed green convertible bonds due 2024 issued on 3 April 2019 at 1.6% coupon rate by
     Link CB Limited, a subsidiary of Link (“Convertible Bonds”)


                                                                              Aggregate                 Approximate               Aggregate
                                                                          amount held at          percentage of total         amount held at
     Name                                                                   31 Mar 2022             principal amount(1)         30 Sep 2021
                                                                                    HK$                           %                     HK$

     Associates of Trustee                                                    91,000,000                        2.28              68,000,000

     Note:

     (1) The approximate percentage was calculated based on the aggregate principal amount of HK$4 billion of the Convertible Bonds.




70   Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Long-term Incentive Scheme




Long-term Incentive Scheme
2017 LTI Scheme
The 2017 LTI Scheme was adopted on 10 July 2017 pursuant to which Awards may be granted to Directors and selected key
employees of the Manager, the Manager’s subsidiaries and SPVs of Link.
The Board adopted the 2017 LTI Scheme having taken into account the success of using Unit awards to attract and retain key
executives and employees under the 2007 LTI Plan (the long-term incentive plan of Link adopted by unitholders on 23 July 2007
and expired on 22 July 2017) and the growing popularity of share award schemes with listed companies as a compensation tool to
compete for talent.
Awards which may be granted under the 2017 LTI Scheme comprise (i) Restricted Unit Awards (to be satisfied by purchase of Units
through a third-party intermediary from the open stock market upon vesting); and (ii) Conditional Cash Awards (to be satisfied by
cash payment equal to the aggregate DPU over the vesting period multiplied by the actual number of Units that may finally vest).
To satisfy the awards vested under the 2017 LTI Scheme, a total of 264,634 Units were purchased on the Stock Exchange on 8 July
and 9 July 2021. All such Units were purchased through a third-party intermediary and given to grantees directly.

Key Terms of the 2017 LTI Scheme

Key Terms                           2017 LTI Scheme

Duration                            10 years from adoption date

Unit option                         Not available

Participants                        Directors and key employees of the Manager, the Manager’s subsidiaries and SPVs of Link

Total number available              10% of Units in issue as of adoption date

Limit for participants              1% of Units in issue in any 12-month period
  (other than INEDs/NED)

Limit for INEDs/NED                 0.1% of Units in issue in any 12-month period for INED and NED

Method of satisfying Award          Market purchases to satisfy Awards on vesting

Vesting period                      Normally spreading over a period of three years, with 50% vesting on the second anniversary and
                                    50% on the third anniversary of date of grant

Conditional Cash Award              Granted together with Restricted Unit Award and paid on vested Units only

Vesting targets                     •   Tenure-based only with no performance-linked target
                                    •   Performance-linked targets
                                        – Performance is measured along a scale with appropriate weighting on business
                                            performance, as measured by distribution per Unit, gross asset value and absolute total Unit
                                            return to Unitholders during the vesting period concerned
                                        – 0% vesting is possible and maximum vesting is capped




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022       71
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Long-term Incentive Scheme




Summary of the 2017 LTI Scheme Rules
The 2017 LTI Scheme is managed and administered by the Remuneration Committee in accordance with its rules (the “Rules”),
a summary of which is set out below:

Objectives
The objectives of the 2017 LTI Scheme are to:
(i) align the interests of the participants with the Unitholders as a whole with a view to creating value for Link and the Unitholders;
(ii) enable the Manager to attract and retain talented management and key employees whose contributions are essential to the
     achievement of the strategic goals and the long-term growth of Link; and
(iii) incentivise management and key employees of the Manager, the Manager’s subsidiaries and SPVs of Link (“Link Entities”, and
      individually a “Link Entity”) through rewarding them in calibration of their contributions to the business performance and success
      of Link.

Participants
Persons eligible to participate in the 2017 LTI Scheme include: (a) Directors; and (b) key employees of the Link Entities whom, in the
opinion of the Remuneration Committee, have contributed, or have the potential to contribute, to the success of Link.

Grant of Awards
Grant of Award shall be approved by the Remuneration Committee, except grants to a Director, the CEO, or any of their respective
associates (within the meaning under 8.1(d) of Chapter 8 of the REIT Code that was in force in the relevant time) of the Manager (other
than a person who is an associate only by virtue of such person’s employment with the Manager) which shall be approved by the
Board (including the INEDs). No Director shall be involved in the decision of granting an Award to himself/herself.
No Award shall be granted to an excluded person, a relevant director (as defined in the Rules) or a Substantial Unitholder of Link, nor
their respective associates.

Applicable Limits
No further Award shall be granted if such grant will result in the maximum number of Units that may vest under all Awards granted
under the 2017 LTI Scheme (and any other incentive scheme(s) of any Link Entity) exceeding 10% of the number of Units in issue
(being 221,456,347 Units) as at the adoption date of the 2017 LTI Scheme (i.e. 10 July 2017).
No Award shall be granted to any participant (or his associates) if such grant will result in the maximum number of Units that may
vest under all Awards granted to such participant (or his associate) under the 2017 LTI Scheme (and any other incentive scheme(s) of
any Link Entity), within 12 months immediately preceding the date of the proposed grant, exceeding 1% of the number of Units in issue
from time-to-time.
No Award shall be granted to an INED or NED (or their associates) if such grant will result in the maximum number of Units that
may vest under all Awards granted to such INED or NED (or their associate) under the 2017 LTI Scheme (and any other incentive
scheme(s) of any Link Entity), within 12 months immediately preceding the date of the proposed grant, exceeding 0.1% of the
number of Units in issue from time-to-time.




72    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Long-term Incentive Scheme




Vesting
Restricted Unit Awards shall generally be satisfied by Units purchased through an independent third-party intermediary on open
stock market save in limited circumstances prescribed in the Rules (such as in the death of a grantee) where a cash amount may be
paid in lieu of Units that would have vested under the relevant Restricted Unit Awards.

Vesting Period
The vesting period of an Award is generally spread over three years or such other period as determined in the relevant grant by the
Remuneration Committee.

Performance Targets
Performance targets, vesting scale, and/or other vesting conditions (if any) of an Award shall be determined by the Remuneration
Committee which, in its absolute discretion, will determine whether, and to what extent, such performance targets and/or vesting
conditions (if any) have been satisfied (or, if applicable, waived) upon vesting.
During the year under review, the Board engaged Aon, an independent external consultant, to review and enhance Link’s Executive
Compensation Framework for FY2021/2022 onwards. Further details are set out under section ‘Report of the Remuneration
Committee’ on pages 42 and 43 of this report.

Acceptance of Award and Consideration Payable
An offer for grant of an Award shall be accepted with payment of consideration (if any) within the period as determined in the
relevant grant by the Remuneration Committee.

Duration
The 2017 LTI Scheme shall be valid for 10 years commencing from the adoption date, save and except as in the case of extension by
the Board or early termination as contemplated under the Rules.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022      73
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Long-term Incentive Scheme




Movements of Restricted Unit Awards under the 2017 LTI Scheme
Movements in Restricted Unit Awards(1) under the 2017 LTI Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2022 and the balances at the
beginning and the end of the year were as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                                        Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                                         Values          of values
                                                                        Outstanding         Granted        Vested       Cancelled       Lapsed       Outstanding     recognised        recognised
                             Date of                                             at           during        during         during        during               at          during             up to
Name (Position)              grant         Vesting period                1 Apr 2021         the year(2)   the year(3)    the year(4)   the year(4)   31 Mar 2022        the year(5)   31 Mar 2022(6)
                                                                                                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000

Current Directors

Nicholas Charles ALLEN       4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021        10,500                 –       (10,500)              –            –                –            129               877
  (Independent Non-
                             5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         8,072                 –        (8,072)              –            –                –            123               653
  Executive Director)
                             5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         8,072                 –             –               –            –            8,072            120               474

                             29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022       12,556                 –             –               –            –          12,556             436               782

                             29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023       12,556                 –             –               –            –          12,556             291               521

                             7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –          10,899              –               –            –          10,899             282               282

                             7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –          10,900              –               –            –          10,900             188               188

George Kwok Lung             4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021       518,763    (7)
                                                                                                   –      (118,500)              –     (400,263)               –          5,268            12,439
  HONGCHOY
                             5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021       591,693(7)              –             –               –     (591,693)               –          4,071            12,872
  (Executive Director)
                             5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022       591,693(7)              –             –               –            –         591,693(7)        3,622             9,360

                             29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022      392,894                 –             –               –            –         392,894          13,658            24,457

                             29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023      392,894                 –             –               –            –         392,894           9,105            16,304

                             7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –         403,727(7)           –               –            –         403,727(7)       11,288            11,288

                             7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –         403,729(7)           –               –            –         403,729(7)        7,968             7,968

NG Kok Siong                 4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021        65,800    (7)
                                                                                                   –       (15,030)              –      (50,770)               –            668             1,578
 (Executive Director)
                             5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021       116,443(7)              –             –               –     (116,443)               –            801             2,533

                             5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022       116,443(7)              –             –               –            –         116,443(7)          713             1,842

                             29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022       63,879                 –             –               –            –          63,879           2,221             3,976

                             29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023       63,879                 –             –               –            –          63,879           1,480             2,651

                             7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –         103,279(7)           –               –            –         103,279(7)        2,888             2,888

                             7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –         103,280(7)           –               –            –         103,280(7)        2,038             2,038

Ian Keith GRIFFITHS          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         3,250                 –        (3,250)              –            –                –              40              272
  (Non-Executive Director)
                             5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         2,414                 –        (2,414)              –            –                –              37              195

                             5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         2,414                 –             –               –            –            2,414              36              142

                             29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        3,799                 –             –               –            –            3,799            132               236

                             29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        3,799                 –             –               –            –            3,799              88              158

                             7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –           3,456              –               –            –            3,456              89               89

                             7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –           3,456              –               –            –            3,456              60               60




74        Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Long-term Incentive Scheme




                                                                                                                                                                                 Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                                  Values          of values
                                                                     Outstanding   Granted        Vested       Cancelled           Lapsed       Outstanding   recognised        recognised
                          Date of                                             at     during        during         during            during               at        during             up to
Name (Position)           grant         Vesting period                1 Apr 2021   the year(2)   the year(3)    the year(4)       the year(4)   31 Mar 2022      the year(5)   31 Mar 2022(6)
                                                                                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

Christopher John BROOKE   4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         3,250           –       (3,250)               –                –                –            40              272
  (Independent Non-
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         2,414           –       (2,414)               –                –                –            37              195
  Executive Director)
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         2,414           –             –               –                –            2,414            36              142

                          29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        3,799           –             –               –                –            3,799          132               236

                          29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        3,799           –             –               –                –            3,799            88              158

                          7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     3,945              –               –                –            3,945          102               102

                          7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     3,946              –               –                –            3,946            68               68

Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong        4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         3,250           –             –         (3,250)   (8)
                                                                                                                                         –                –            40              272
  (Independent Non-
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         2,642           –             –         (2,642)(8)             –                –            40              214
  Executive Director)
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         2,642           –             –               –                –            2,642            39              155

                          29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        4,141           –             –               –                –            4,141          144               258

                          29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        4,141           –             –               –                –            4,141            96              172

                          7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     3,945              –               –                –            3,945          102               102

                          7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     3,946              –               –                –            3,946            68               68

Jenny GU Jialin           –             –                                      –          –             –               –                –                –             –                 –
  (Independent Non-
  Executive Director)

Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen   7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     3,566              –               –                –            3,566            92               92
  (Independent Non-
                          7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     3,566              –               –                –            3,566            62               62
  Executive Director)

Blair Chilton PICKERELL   4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         3,250           –             –         (3,250)(8)             –                –            40              272
  (Independent Non-
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         2,719           –             –         (2,719)(8)             –                –            41              220
  Executive Director)
                          5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         2,719           –             –               –                –            2,719            40              160

                          29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        4,267           –             –               –                –            4,267          148               266

                          29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        4,267           –             –               –                –            4,267            99              177

                          7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     3,918              –               –                –            3,918          101               101

                          7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     3,918              –               –                –            3,918            68               68




                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2021/2022                  75
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Long-term Incentive Scheme




                                                                                                                                                                                   Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                                    Values          of values
                                                                       Outstanding   Granted        Vested           Cancelled       Lapsed       Outstanding   recognised        recognised
                            Date of                                             at     during        during             during        during               at        during             up to
Name (Position)             grant         Vesting period                1 Apr 2021   the year(2)   the year(3)        the year(4)   the year(4)   31 Mar 2022      the year(5)   31 Mar 2022(6)
                                                                                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

Poh Lee TAN                 4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         3,500           –       (3,500)                   –            –                –            43              293
  (Independent Non-
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         2,662           –       (2,662)                   –            –                –            40              215
  Executive Director)
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         2,662           –             –                   –            –            2,662            40              155

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        4,153           –             –                   –            –            4,153          144               259

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        4,153           –             –                   –            –            4,153            96              172

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     3,566              –                   –            –            3,566            92               92

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     3,566              –                   –            –            3,566            62               62

Peter TSE Pak Wing          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         3,750           –       (3,750)                   –            –                –            46              313
  (Independent Non-
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         2,878           –       (2,878)                   –            –                –            44              233
  Executive Director)
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         2,877           –             –                   –            –            2,877            43              169

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        4,499           –             –                   –            –            4,499          156               280

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        4,499           –             –                   –            –            4,499          104               187

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     3,863              –                   –            –            3,863          100               100

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     3,863              –                   –            –            3,863            67               67

Nancy TSE Sau Ling          4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         3,500           –       (3,500)                   –            –                –            43              293
  (Independent Non-
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         2,662           –       (2,662)                   –            –                –            40              215
  Executive Director)
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         2,662           –             –                   –            –            2,662            40              156

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        4,153           –             –                   –            –            4,153          144               259

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        4,153           –             –                   –            –            4,153            96              172

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     3,566              –                   –            –            3,566            92               92

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     3,566              –                   –            –            3,566            62               62

Former Directors

May Siew Boi TAN(9)         4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         4,000           –       (4,000)                   –            –                –            49              333
 (Former Independent
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         3,091           –       (3,091)                   –            –                –            47              250
 Non-Executive Director)
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         3,091           –       (3,091)(10)               –            –                –            72              207

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        4,788           –       (4,788)(10)               –            –                –          191               321

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        4,788           –       (4,788)(10)               –            –                –          234               321

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     4,402        (4,402)(10)               –            –                –          295               295

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     4,403        (4,403)(10)               –            –                –          295               295

Elaine Carole YOUNG(9)      4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021         3,500           –       (3,500)                   –            –                –            43              293
  (Former Independent
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021         2,642           –       (2,642)                   –            –                –            40              214
  Non-Executive Director)
                            5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022         2,642           –       (2,642)(10)               –            –                –            61              177

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022        4,141           –       (4,141)(10)               –            –                –          165               277

                            29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023        4,141           –       (4,141)(10)               –            –                –          203               277

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –     3,945        (3,945)(10)               –            –                –          264               264

                            7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –     3,946        (3,946)   (10)
                                                                                                                              –            –                –          264               264




76        Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Long-term Incentive Scheme




                                                                                                                                                                                 Aggregate
                                                                                                                                                                  Values          of values
                                                                Outstanding      Granted         Vested       Cancelled         Lapsed       Outstanding      recognised        recognised
                     Date of                                             at        during         during         during          during               at           during             up to
Name (Position)      grant         Vesting period                1 Apr 2021      the year(2)    the year(3)    the year(4)     the year(4)   31 Mar 2022         the year(5)   31 Mar 2022(6)
                                                                                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

Other participants

In aggregate         4 Jul 2018    4 Jul 2018 to 30 Jun 2021       305,798(7)           –        (69,019)              –      (236,779)                –           3,070             7,245

                     5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2021       335,068(7)           –              –               –      (335,068)                –           2,209             6,984

                     5 Jul 2019    5 Jul 2019 to 30 Jun 2022       335,068(7)           –              –               –       (14,032)         321,036(7)         1,964             5,078

                     29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2022      282,168              –              –               –       (11,409)         270,759            9,414            16,853

                     29 Jul 2020   29 Jul 2020 to 30 Jun 2023      282,168              –              –               –       (11,409)         270,759            6,276            11,236

                     7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2023              –      466,862  (7)
                                                                                                       –               –       (13,520)         453,342 (7)
                                                                                                                                                                  12,676            12,676

                     7 Jul 2021    7 Jul 2021 to 30 Jun 2024              –      466,927(7)            –               –       (13,522)         453,405(7)         8,948             8,948

Total                                                             4,661,384     2,045,951       (304,921)      (11,861)      (1,794,908)       4,595,645        117,937            197,609



Notes:
(1) The Restricted Unit Awards in the above table were all granted in conjunction with Conditional Cash Awards. The aggregate weighted average
    value carried by the outstanding Conditional Cash Awards attached to the outstanding Restricted Unit Awards at the end of the year was
    HK$3.8904 per Unit.
(2) The closing price of the Units on the business day immediately preceding the date of grant of the Restricted Unit Awards during the year was
    HK$76.25 per Unit. On the assumption that the Restricted Unit Awards granted during the year were finally vested for the maximum number of
    Units, the estimated fair value of such Restricted Unit Awards would amount to approximately HK$137 million as at 31 March 2022 based on the
    valuation of an independent valuer.
(3) The closing price of the Units on the business day on which the relevant Restricted Unit Awards were vested during the year was HK$75.25
    per Unit. Pursuant to the 2017 LTI Scheme, an aggregate cash payment of approximately HK$26.8 million was made to the EDs and other
    participants, which comprised: (i) HK$3.2 million for the Conditional Cash Awards and the Restricted Unit Awards; (ii) HK$6.6 million in “catch-up”
    adjustments, calculated by reference to the closing price of the Units on the vesting date; and (iii) HK$17 million in ex-gratia payments.
(4) These figures represent the maximum number of Units in respect of which the Restricted Unit Awards had lapsed or were cancelled during the
    year. The Conditional Cash Awards granted in conjunction with such Restricted Unit Awards had lapsed or were cancelled simultaneously.
(5) Values recognised during the year represent the amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement under Hong Kong Financial Reporting
    Standards for the year ended 31 March 2022. The values are estimated by an independent external valuer based on valuation techniques and
    assumptions on Unit price, outstanding length of the Awards and other market conditions, if appropriate, and charged to the consolidated income
    statement over the vesting period.
(6) Aggregate of values recognised up to 31 March 2022, represents the aggregated amounts recognised in the financial statements under Hong
    Kong Financial Reporting Standards for the period from grant dates to 31 March 2022.
(7) These figures represent the maximum number of Units that may be purchased in the grantee’s favour on vesting of his/her relevant Restricted
    Unit Awards. Additional Units beyond this amount may be vested subject to approval of the Remuneration Committee of the Manager. The actual
    number of Units that will finally vest and be purchased for each relevant grantee may range from zero to such maximum number depending on
    whether, and to what extent, the relevant vesting conditions (if any) are met. The Restricted Unit Awards relating to the NED and INEDs are
    tenure-based only.
(8) Cash payments in lieu of Units were made to Mr Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong and Mr Blair Chilton PICKERELL pursuant to the 2017 LTI Scheme.
(9) Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG retired as INEDs on 31 January 2022.
(10) These figures represent the number of Units in respect of which the Restricted Unit Awards were vested during the year in respect of the acceleration
     of vesting by Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG following their retirement as INEDs on 31 January 2022. However, due to
     certain restrictions of the Rules, the purchase of the Units for each of the respective INED on vesting of these relevant Restricted Unit Awards and
     the payment of the Conditional Cash Awards attached to these Restricted Unit Awards had not been arranged as at 31 March 2022. Hence, the
     Units to be purchased on vesting of these Restricted Unit Awards and the payment of the Conditional Cash Awards attached to these Restricted
     Unit Awards are considered payables to Ms May Siew Boi TAN and Ms Elaine Carole YOUNG. Based on the accounting standards, the fair value of
     these payables as at 31 March 2022 is calculated by the number of Units vested multiplied by the market price of the Units as at
     31 March 2022.


The Restricted Unit Awards and Conditional Cash Awards granted under the 2017 LTI Scheme are to be expensed through Link’s
consolidated income statement over the relevant vesting period. Further details of the 2017 LTI Scheme are set out in Note 22 to the
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2021/2022                     77
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Connected Party Transactions




Connected Party Transactions
Waivers from Strict Compliance
Upon the listing of Link and subsequently on 8 June 2007, waivers from strict compliance with the disclosure and Unitholders’
approval requirements under Chapter 8 of the REIT Code for certain connected party transactions of Link were granted by the SFC.
During the year ended 31 March 2022, Link complied with the stipulated terms and conditions of the relevant waivers for the
relevant connected party transactions including, inter alia, (i) conducting the transactions at arm’s length, on normal commercial terms
in the usual and ordinary course of business and in the interests of the Unitholders; (ii) wherever applicable, within specific caps on
transaction amounts or fees; and (iii) having the relevant transactions reviewed by the auditor and the Audit and Risk Management
Committee and approved by the Board.


Connected Persons and Connected Party Transactions
The following table sets out income derived or expenses incurred by Link and/or its SPVs from or with connected persons (as defined
under Chapter 8 of the REIT Code) below during the year under review:

                                                                                                                         Income         Expenses
Name of connected person               Relationship with Link          Nature of the transactions                        derived         incurred
                                                                                                                          HK$’M            HK$’M

Link Asset Management Limited          Manager and its delegates       Management fee     (1)
                                                                                                                             N/A         (1,822.2)
   and its subsidiaries
HSBC Institutional Trust Services      Trustee                         Trustee’s fee(2)                                      N/A             (16.0)
  (Asia) Limited
HSBC and its subsidiaries              Associates of Trustee           Tenancy/licence(3)                                   36.1(4)           N/A
  (excluding the Trustee and
                                                                       Interest income                                       12.2             N/A
  its proprietary subsidiaries)
  (“HSBC Group”)                                                       Interest expenses                                     N/A             (38.4)
                                                                       Arrangement fees/bank charges/                        N/A             (13.5)
                                                                         transaction fees(5)
Aedas Limited(6) and Aedas Beijing     Associate of Mr Ian Keith       Architectural and renovation                          N/A              (4.2)
  Limited                                GRIFFITHS                       consultancy services


Notes:
(1) The Manager has delegated property management and administrative functions to its subsidiaries. The Manager and its subsidiaries recover their
    expenses from Link on a cost recovery basis.
(2) Trustee’s fee shall not be less than such amount as shall be equal to 0.006% per annum of the values of Link’s majority-owned properties in Hong
    Kong and minority-owned properties in any location and 0.015% per annum of the values of Link’s majority-owned properties outside Hong Kong
    respectively as determined in the latest annual valuation report prepared by the Principal Valuer, subject to a minimum of HK$150,000 per month.
(3) These included shops, ATMs, showcases and minor lettings at various locations within Link’s properties.
(4) Excluding deposits received.
(5) Including transaction fees paid by the Manager for buy-back of Units and other administration fees during the year under review.
(6) A consultancy services contract for HK$0.2 million and a design & project consultancy services contract for HK$4.0 million were awarded to Aedas
    Limited during the year under review.




78       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Connected Party Transactions




Lease Transactions with Connected Persons
The following tenancies, with annual rents exceeding HK$1 million, subsisted between Link’s SPVs and connected persons during
the year under review:

                                                                                                                                       Rental deposit
                                                                                                                                     received during
                                     Nature of                                                                          Annual        the year ended
Name of tenant                       the transactions               Lease term                                           rent(1)     31 March 2022
                                                                                                                        HK$’M                 HK$’M

Hang Seng Bank, Limited              Tenancy for shop               Term of 2 years ended on 2 July 2021                    3.5                   1.1
  (“Hang Seng”)                        no. 121A at                    and then renewed for another term
                                       Temple Mall South              of 3 years ending on 2 July 2024
                                     Tenancy for shop               Term of 3 years ending on                               3.8                  N/A
                                       no. G202 at                    31 October 2022
                                       Lok Fu Place
HSBC                                 Tenancy for shop               Term of 3 years ending on                               5.2                  N/A
                                       nos. L201 to L206 at           21 August 2022
                                       Lok Fu Place
                                     Tenancy for shop               Term of 2 years ended on 31 August                      1.3                   0.3(3)
                                       no. N119 at                    2021 and then renewed for
                                       Temple Mall North              another term of 2 years ending on
                                                                      31 August 2023
                                     Tenancy for shop               Term of 3 years ending on                               1.1(2)               N/A
                                       nos. 118 to 120 at             12 December 2023
                                       Wing B of Hin Keng
                                       Shopping Centre


Notes:
(1) Annual rent is calculated from the monthly base rent on a 12-month basis as if such rent was received from the beginning of the financial year.
(2) The annual rent (calculated in accordance with Note (1) above) increased from HK$1 million to HK$1.1 million during the year under review.
(3) In the form of bank guarantee.


Provision of Banking and Financial Services by Connected Persons
Link and/or its SPVs engaged the HSBC Group (including, among others, Hang Seng, HSBC Bank (China) Company Limited, HSBC
Bank Australia Limited and HSBC Bank plc) to provide ordinary course banking and financial services in the year. Further details
are set out in Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements. The HSBC Group also provided services to SPVs of Link in relation
to Mandatory Provident Fund accounts and payment and receipt arrangements. Bank accounts were also maintained with the
HSBC Group for deposits and/or rent collection purposes during the year.

Loans
Loan transactions by The Link Finance Limited (a wholly-owned SPV of Link) with those banks which are Link’s connected persons
during the year under review were as follows:
1. A bilateral loan of HK$1.2 billion was made available in September 2021 by Hang Seng of which the outstanding amount due to
   Hang Seng as at 31 March 2022 was HK$0.4 billion;
2. A bilateral loan of HK$0.8 billion was made available in August 2021 by HSBC of which the outstanding amount due to HSBC as
   at 31 March 2022 was HK$0.1 billion;
3. A four-year club loan of HK$12 billion was made available in September 2019 of which outstanding amounts due to, respectively,
   HSBC was HK$0.5 billion, Hang Seng was HK$0.4 billion as at 31 March 2022; and
4. A multi-tranches four-year and five-year syndicated loan of HK$12 billion was made available in March 2022 of which no
   outstanding amounts due to HSBC as at 31 March 2022.
The Link Finance Limited (a wholly-owned SPV of Link) also maintained interest rate swap contracts and cross currency swap
contracts with HSBC during the year under review. As at 31 March 2022, the total notional principal outstanding value in respect of
such contracts with HSBC was approximately HK$6.2 billion.

                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021/2022            79
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Connected Party Transactions




Deposits
As at 31 March 2022, SPVs of Link placed deposits with the HSBC Group of approximately HK$1.1 billion.

Other Transactions
During the year under review, the following three tranches of notes were issued by The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited (a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Link), as the issuer, under the MTN Programme through dealers who were connected persons:
1. A tranche of USD-denominated fixed rate listed notes due 2032 for a principal amount of US$600 million issued on 19 January
   2022 and listed on the Stock Exchange (debt code: 4408) with DBS Bank Ltd, Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, Merrill Lynch
   (Asia Pacific) Limited, Mizuho Securities Asia Limited and HSBC (connected person to Link) acting as dealers, and pursuant to
   the relevant subscription agreement dated 11 January 2022 entered into among (among others) the issuer, the Manager and the
   dealers, HSBC was paid a combined management and underwriting commission for severally subscribing for such USD notes
   with the other four dealers. The commission paid to HSBC exceeded HK$3 million.
2. Pursuant to the MTN programme, two tranches of fixed-rate private notes for a principal amount of respectively, RMB250 million
   due on 2024 and RMB300 million due on 2024, were issued on 9 June 2021 and 21 October 2021 with HSBC (connected
   person to Link) acting as the dealer. No fee or commission was paid to HSBC in respect of the transactions.
The three issues were within the waiver granted by the SFC in respect of connected party transactions with the HSBC Group. Each of
them was conducted at arm’s length, on normal commercial terms. In order to ensure the effective interest cost of a new notes issued is
competitive, the Manager monitors the market interest rates and compares quotations from multiple dealers from time to time. Save as
disclosed above, no other notes were issued pursuant to the MTN programme with a connected person acting as dealer during the year
under review.


Confirmation by the Manager and the Trustee in respect of Corporate Finance
Transactions with the HSBC Group
The Trustee and the Manager both confirmed that, with respect to the corporate finance transactions entered into with the HSBC
Group in the year under review, (i) such transactions were carried out at arm’s length, on normal commercial terms; (ii) the Trustee
was not involved in the decisions to enter into such transactions, subject only to its duties of oversight under the REIT Code and the
Trust Deed; and (iii) the on-going general conditions under the HSBC Waiver (details of which were disclosed in the offering circular
dated 14 November 2005 of Link) were complied with. Save as disclosed above, there were no other corporate finance transactions
entered into by Link and its SPV with the HSBC Group in the year.


Report from Auditor in relation to Certain Connected Party Transactions
The continuing connected party transactions conducted in the year under review have been reviewed by the auditor in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of
Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an
unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the connected party transactions including lease transactions
and corporate finance transactions in accordance with the relevant waivers from strict compliance with the disclosure and
Unitholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 8 of the REIT Code granted by the SFC.




80    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Connected Party Transactions




Confirmation by the Audit and Risk Management Committee
Management submitted quarterly compliance reports on (among others) connected party transactions to the Audit and Risk
Management Committee for review. These reports were submitted to the Board after endorsement by the Audit and Risk
Management Committee.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee had reviewed and was satisfied that the general nature and types of the ordinary course
banking and financial services provided by the HSBC Group, and the corporate finance transactions entered into with HSBC during
the year under review were of the types that were contemplated in the respective waivers granted by the SFC or 8.18 of the REIT
Code and were of the nature and types that were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business at arm’s length on normal
commercial terms and there were no material inconsistencies with the internal procedures of the Manager that should be drawn to
the attention of the Unitholders.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee also confirmed that, after review of the terms of all relevant connected party transactions
(including the lease and corporate finance transactions), it was satisfied that all such connected party transactions entered into during
the year under review:
(i) were at arm’s length on normal commercial terms;
(ii) were in the ordinary and usual course of business of Link;
(iii) were fair and reasonable; and
(iv) were in the interests of the Unitholders.


Confirmation by the Manager
The Board (including INEDs) confirmed that:
(i) based on the information provided, and representations made, by the Trustee, it was satisfied with the internal control and
    compliance procedures of the Trustee, which demonstrated that the Trustee’s operations were run independently of other
    banking or financial functions or operations of the HSBC Group;
(ii) the basis of the cap amount in relation to the corporate advisory transactions for the provision of corporate finance advice set out
     in the relevant waivers was and remains fair and reasonable in light of Link’s operations and unitholding structure, including the
     objectives and strategy of Link, the size, geographical and tenancy mix of its property portfolio and its management structure;
(iii) the scope and terms of the relevant waivers were (and they remain) fair and reasonable, and in the best interests of the
      Unitholders; and
(iv) the Manager was not bound (and is under no obligation) to enter into corporate finance transactions with the HSBC Group
     despite of the HSBC Waiver granted.


Continuation of the Waivers Granted without Unitholders’ Approval
The Audit and Risk Management Committee has reviewed the terms of the relevant waivers. The Audit and Risk Management
Committee and the full Board (including the INEDs) were both satisfied that (on the basis of the terms of the relevant waivers and the
internal control and procedures in place) it was (and it remains) fair and reasonable and in the best interests of the Unitholders that
the relevant waivers continue without Unitholders’ approval.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022       81
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Link Together Initiatives




Link Together Initiatives
Link Together Initiatives supports projects which focus on:

1. Resource Management – support sustainable development
2. Youth Empowerment – empower youth for a better future
3. Active Ageing – promote active living of seniors


Types of Funding:

1. Project Fund
     •    Support projects with innovative service concepts that fill social service gaps
     •    Advance sustainable development in the communities Link serves
2. Link University Scholarship
     •    Established in 2015, the Link University Scholarship supports the first generation university students to study at a Hong Kong
          university
     •    Promote the upward social mobility of Hong Kong Youth
     •    A grant of HK$20,000 for each awardee
     •    Create platforms for scholars to gain exposure through Link Scholars Alumni programme
     •    Applicants who apply for Year 1 university scholarship must be a Secondary Six full-time student applying for university(1)
          in the current year and be nominated by their secondary school, and be the first amongst three generations in their family
     •    Applicants who apply for Year 2 to 4 university scholarship must be a Hong Kong full-time university students who will
          continue their Year 2, 3 or 4 full-time bachelor’s study at a Hong Kong university(1) in the current year and be the first among
          three generations in their family

Note:
(1) City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Baptist University, Hong Kong Metropolitan University, Hong Kong Shue Yan University, Lingnan
    University, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, The Education University of Hong Kong, The Hang Seng University of Hong Kong,
    The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, The University of Hong Kong.




82       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Link Together Initiatives




Link Together Initiatives 2021/2022 – Major Projects:
Project year started in October 2021 and the target is for the end of September 2022, the end of the project cycle.

                             Project                                    Target       Funding
                             Category/          Target             Beneficiaries     Donated
Organisation                 Name               Audience           (approx. no)        (HK$)     Progress Update

1. Arts’ Options Limited     Inspirational      Elderly                  3,036      2,386,290    The project aims to unleash the
                               Drama                                                               potential of the young-old and
                               Programme                                                           elderly by providing them with
                               for Elderly                                                         professional theatre training.
                                                                                                   Through public performance, the
                                                                                                   elderly people are engaged and
                                                                                                   connected to the community, and
                                                                                                   may even turn their hobby into a
                                                                                                   second career in the long run.


                                                                                                 As of 31 March 2022, Arts’ Options
                                                                                                   has recruited 203 participants to
                                                                                                   join experiential drama and audition
                                                                                                   workshops. 44 participants were
                                                                                                   selected to join professional drama
                                                                                                   training while 22 participants
                                                                                                   joining from 2020/21 entered
                                                                                                   in the second year and 26 from
                                                                                                   2019/21 now being trained in
                                                                                                   advanced acting and theatre skills.
                                                                                                   Arts’ Options has arranged eight
                                                                                                   community touring performance
                                                                                                   at our malls in Dec 2021 and Jan
                                                                                                   2022 and more were arranged in
                                                                                                   May 2022. The organisation has
                                                                                                   set up the elderly theatre company
                                                                                                   in Jan 2022 and is in the process
                                                                                                   for applying for non-governmental
                                                                                                   organisation status.

2. Bo Charity Foundation    Food Angel –       Elderly and          1,900,560      3,359,200    For the sixth consecutive year, the
     Limited                  Love & Food         low-income                                       project has arranged for surplus
                              Sharing and         families                                         food to be collected at 39 of
                              Education                                                            Link’s fresh markets and 15 of its
                                                                                                   shopping centres to provide meal
                                                                                                   boxes and food packs to the needy.
                                                                                                   The organisation will also set up
                                                                                                   pop-up stores at Link’s malls to
                                                                                                   educate the public on food wastage
                                                                                                   and collect surplus food. The stores
                                                                                                   will employ unemployed in the
                                                                                                   neighbourhood to promote local
                                                                                                   employment. The project targets to
                                                                                                   save over 600 tonnes food waste
                                                                                                   each year and benefit more than
                                                                                                   1.9 million people.


                                                                                                 As of 31 March 2022, the
                                                                                                   organisation had collected over
                                                                                                   160,000 kg of surplus food to
                                                                                                   produce over 460,000 hot meals
                                                                                                   37,000 food packs. Food collection
                                                                                                   at Link’s fresh markets has been
                                                                                                   affected due to suspension amid
                                                                                                   the outbreak of the fifth wave
                                                                                                   pandemic.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022        83
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Link Together Initiatives




                             Project                                Target     Funding
                             Category/        Target           Beneficiaries   Donated
Organisation                 Name             Audience         (approx. no)      (HK$)   Progress Update

3. Environmental            Nature LINK      Elderly, Youth       109,944     796,500   Upon the success of the pilot scheme,
     Association Limited      2022                                                        the organisation will create three
                                                                                          more outdoor butterfly gardens
                                                                                          in the vicinity of Link’s malls.
                                                                                          Butterflies have unique ecological,
                                                                                          scientific and ornamental values.
                                                                                          The project serves as a start to the
                                                                                          journey of building a territory-wide
                                                                                          ecosystem favoured by butterflies
                                                                                          in the urban area, aiming to increase
                                                                                          bio-diversity in Hong Kong. To
                                                                                          further engage the community, the
                                                                                          organisation organised ‘My Garden’
                                                                                          butterfly garden design competition
                                                                                          and included ambassadors from
                                                                                          schools and NGOs from the
                                                                                          community who will be trained to
                                                                                          manage the gardens.


                                                                                         As of 31 March 2022, the first ‘My
                                                                                           Garden’ competition has attracted
                                                                                           over 120 applications aged from
                                                                                           4 to 79. Ideas from the winning
                                                                                           designs will be incorporated
                                                                                           into the creation of the gardens.
                                                                                           The project has recruited 60
                                                                                           ambassadors to help turn the
                                                                                           outdoor spaces of Choi Ming,
                                                                                           Chung On and Kai Tin shopping
                                                                                           Centres into three butterfly gardens.
                                                                                           They were trained to manage the
                                                                                           butterfly gardens and conduct
                                                                                           butterfly ecosystem censuses. The
                                                                                           full installation of the gardens is
                                                                                           expected to be completed in July
                                                                                           2022. As a continuation of the
                                                                                           project in 2020/21, ambassadors
                                                                                           still volunteer to maintain the
                                                                                           gardens at Sau Mau Ping and Tsz
                                                                                           Wan Shan shopping centres.


4. Hong Kong Guide Dogs     Guide Dogs       Visually-                  55    676,545   Link has supported Hong Kong Guide
     Association Limited      Development       impaired                                   Dogs Association Limited (HKGDA)
                              Programme         Persons                                    for eight years. In 2021/22, HKGDA
                                                                                           will continue the local breeding and
                                                                                           training of guide dogs.


                                                                                         As of 31 March 2022, five puppies
                                                                                           were born in October 2021.
                                                                                           The deployment of training was
                                                                                           affected due to the fifth wave of
                                                                                           the pandemic.




84    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Link Together Initiatives




                         Project                                  Target      Funding
                         Category/         Target            Beneficiaries    Donated
Organisation             Name              Audience          (approx. no)       (HK$)    Progress Update

5. InspiringHK Sports    SportsLINK        Youth, Elderly          7,860     1,949,025   The project aims to build confidence
   Foundation Limited     Community        and Families                                    in underprivileged youth in five
                          Project                                                          districts through professional long-
                                                                                           distance running training. The
                                                                                           youth will design running routes
                                                                                           for their own districts to strengthen
                                                                                           their sense of belonging to their
                                                                                           community. In order to promote
                                                                                           sports for everyone, the project also
                                                                                           offers sports classes for children,
                                                                                           families and the elderly taught by
                                                                                           professional coaches. Sports hours
                                                                                           will be cumulated/converted to
                                                                                           sports packs as gifts to the elderly,
                                                                                           which encourage participants to
                                                                                           give back to the community.

                                                                                         As of 31 March 2022, the
                                                                                           organisation has recruited 93 youth
                                                                                           to join the long-distance running
                                                                                           training, 80 classes for elderly,
                                                                                           children and families were
                                                                                           conducted at Link’s malls before
                                                                                           the outbreak of the fifth wave.
                                                                                           Online training for youth and sports
                                                                                           classes were conducted amid the
                                                                                           fifth wave and positive responses
                                                                                           were received.


6. Kwun Tong Methodist   Integration       Youth & Elderly         2,750      999,883    Running for the second year, the
   Social Services         Brings                                                          project continues to connect
                           Bountiful Joy                                                   Special Education Needs (SEN)
                           in Work                                                         youth and seniors with dementia
                                                                                           to promote an inter-generational
                                                                                           community. It will provide a series
                                                                                           of career planning workshops,
                                                                                           life and technical skills training
                                                                                           and internships to SEN youth and
                                                                                           aims to increase their employment
                                                                                           opportunities in the future. By
                                                                                           leveraging the characteristics
                                                                                           of SEN youth, they will serve
                                                                                           seniors with dementia through
                                                                                           activities such as the production of
                                                                                           microfilms, DIY market and carnivals
                                                                                           for elderly, targeting the enrichment
                                                                                           of seniors’ lives and lessening the
                                                                                           adverse impacts of this condition.

                                                                                         As of 31 March 2022, the project
                                                                                           has recruited 80 SEN youth
                                                                                           who underwent assessment,
                                                                                           communications training and
                                                                                           other skills training to equip
                                                                                           them for employment. The youth
                                                                                           participated in services to elderly
                                                                                           including a virtual tour with elderly
                                                                                           with dementia. The youth served
                                                                                           in the Food Bank and cared for the
                                                                                           elderly via phone or online amid the
                                                                                           fifth wave pandemic.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022        85
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Link Together Initiatives




                             Project                               Target      Funding
                             Category/          Target        Beneficiaries    Donated
Organisation                 Name               Audience      (approx. no)       (HK$)   Progress Update

7. Plastic Oceans Limited    Future Maker       Youth               2,444      690,100   Serving students from low-income
                              Hub                                                          families in three local districts,
                                                                                           the project aims to provide with
                                                                                           STEM opportunities in marine
                                                                                           conservation through experiments,
                                                                                           site visits and idea co-creations.
                                                                                           Students are encouraged to apply
                                                                                           STEM in practice and to build an
                                                                                           eco-innovative mindset. Some
                                                                                           activities will be conducted in malls
                                                                                           to spread the message of a plastic-
                                                                                           free and sustainable lifestyle to
                                                                                           communities.

                                                                                         As of 31 March 2022, the
                                                                                           organisation has trained 60
                                                                                           university students as future
                                                                                           makers who assisted in conducting
                                                                                           STEM classes for the kids. 13 STEM
                                                                                           classes were conducted. Online
                                                                                           classes being conducted amid the
                                                                                           fifth wave of pandemic.


8. Shanghai Smiles          Vocational         Youth                   20     198,461   The project sponsors 20 middle
     Foundation               Education                                                    school graduates from
                              Project (Estate                                              underprivileged families in Sichuan
                              Management                                                   for a 3-year Estate Management
                              2021)                                                        course in Shanghai. The students
                                                                                           will be equipped with vocational
                                                                                           skills through vocational
                                                                                           education, training and internship
                                                                                           opportunities. The project will also
                                                                                           help fill the skills gap in cities.

                                                                                         As of 31 March 2022, 23 youth from
                                                                                           Sichuan joined the course and has
                                                                                           completed the first semester. The
                                                                                           project also provided sports training
                                                                                           and communications workshops to
                                                                                           develop them in different aspects.




86    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Link Together Initiatives




Link Together Initiatives 2021/2022 – Link University Scholarship
Inaugurated in 2015, The Link University Scholarship programme is our flagship programme to support the development of future
talent in Hong Kong. It is a non-means-tested programme to offer scholarships to students who are the first in three generations
within their families to attend university. In 2021/2022, Link expanded the scheme to include three self-financing universities in
addition to the eight University Grants Committee funded universities and granted HK$4.4 million to support 220 local university
students with each awardee receiving HK$20,000 scholarship, to pursue their dreams through university education. A total of 1,160
scholarships have been awarded since its establishment. As an extension of the Scholarship, Link Scholars Alumni was established
with the aim to widen the horizon and exposure of students through various community engagement and internship opportunities.


Link University Scholarship 2021/2022 – The universities attended by 130 Scholarship
Awardees (Year 1 University Scholarship):
•   City University of Hong Kong: 6
•   Hong Kong Baptist University: 7
•   Hong Kong Metropolitan University: 5
•   Lingnan University: 3
•   The Chinese University of Hong Kong: 46
•   The Education University of Hong Kong: 4
•   The Hong Kong Polytechnic University: 12
•   The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology: 17
•   The University of Hong Kong: 30


Link University Scholarship 2021/2022 – The universities attended by 90 Scholarship
Awardees (Year 2-4 University Scholarship):
•   Hong Kong Baptist University: 4
•   Hong Kong Metropolitan University: 3
•   Lingnan University: 5
•   The Chinese University of Hong Kong: 65
•   The Hang Seng University of Hong Kong: 5
•   The Hong Kong Polytechnic University: 1
•   The University of Hong Kong: 7




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022     87
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Trustee’s Report




Trustee’s Report
We hereby confirm that, in our opinion, the Manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust has, in all material respects, managed
Link Real Estate Investment Trust in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed dated 6 September 2005, as amended and
supplemented by fourteen supplemental deeds and two amending and restating deeds, for the financial year ended 31 March 2022.


HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited
in its capacity as the Trustee of Link Real Estate Investment Trust


Hong Kong, 1 June 2022




88   Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s Report




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF LINK REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST
(a collective investment scheme authorised under section 104 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
Hong Kong))


Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of Link Real Estate Investment Trust (“Link”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”), which
are set out on pages 94 to 153, comprise:
•   the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2022;
•   the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
•   the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
•   the consolidated statement of distributions for the year then ended;
•   the consolidated statement of changes in equity and net assets attributable to Unitholders for the year then ended;
•   the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
•   the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory
    information.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
31 March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”).


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022       89
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. The key audit
matter identified in our audit relates to the valuation of investment properties.


 Key Audit Matter                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


 Valuation of Investment Properties                       Management’s controls and processes
 Refer to notes 3(d), 5(a) and 15 to the consolidated     We understood management’s controls and processes to assess the
 financial statements                                     valuation of the investment properties and assessed the inherent risk
 The Group’s investment properties are the key            of material misstatement by considering the degree of estimation
 component of the net asset value attributable to         uncertainty, the judgement involved in determining assumptions to be
 the unitholders and underpins the Group’s result         applied and susceptibility to management bias or fraud.
 for the year. The valuation of investment properties
 in the consolidated statement of financial position      Experience of Valuer and relevance of their work
 as at 31 March 2022 was HK$212,761 million and           We assessed the Valuer’s qualifications and their expertise and read
 the fair value gain of investment properties in the      their terms of engagement with the Group to determine whether there
 consolidated income statement for the year was           were any matters that might have affected their objectivity or may have
 HK$426 million, which were significant components        imposed scope limitations upon their work. We found no evidence to
 of the consolidated financial statements. As at          suggest that the objectivity of the Valuer in their performance of the
 31 March 2022, the Group’s investment properties         valuations was compromised.
 portfolio comprises retail, office and logistics
                                                          We read the Valuer’s report and understand that the valuation was carried
 properties and car parks in Hong Kong, Mainland
                                                          out in accordance with the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors’ RICS
 China, Australia and the United Kingdom.
                                                          Valuation – Global Standards, incorporating the International Valuation
 The valuations were carried out by a third party         Standards Council’s International Valuation Standards, the Hong Kong
 valuer (the “Valuer”). Under the Code on Real            Institute of Surveyors’ HKIS Valuation Standards 2020 and Chapter 6 of
 Estate Investment Trusts issued by the Hong Kong         the REIT Code.
 Securities and Futures Commission (the “REIT
 Code”), the Valuer shall retire after it has conducted   Valuation methodology used by the Valuer
 valuations for three consecutive years, and may only
                                                          We involved our property valuation experts to assess and evaluate the
 be reappointed after three years. The current Valuer
                                                          reasonableness of the valuation methodologies and models used by
 was first appointed for the year ended 31 March
                                                          the Valuer by comparing against our knowledge in valuation and the
 2020 and engaged by the Trustee of Link.
                                                          properties industry.
 The valuation of the Group’s completed investment
 properties is inherently subjective due to, among        Data used by the Valuer
 other factors, the individual nature of each property,
 its location and the expected future rentals for that    We checked, on a sample basis, the data used by the Valuer to perform
 particular property.                                     the valuation to appropriate supporting documents, including:
                                                          •   key terms of lease agreements;
                                                          •   operating expenditure details; and
                                                          •   rental income schedules.




90    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Valuation of Investment Properties (Continued)            Assumptions and estimates used by the Valuer
In determining a property’s valuation as at 31            We, including our valuation experts, attended meetings with the Valuer
March 2022, the Valuer took into account property-        where the valuation approach and the key assumptions were discussed.
specific information such as tenancy agreements,          The assumptions used varied across the portfolio depending on the
rental income and direct property expenses. The           age, nature and location of each property but they included estimated
income capitalisation approach was used, with             capitalisation rate and net passing income. In each of these areas, and on
cross reference to the direct comparison approach         a sample basis, we compared the estimates and assumptions used by the
where applicable. The Valuer applied assumptions          Valuer against the published industry benchmarks and comparable market
for capitalisation rates and reversionary net passing     transactions, and our experience in the sector.
income, which were influenced by the prevailing
                                                          We performed further work on the properties where assumptions
market yields and comparable market transactions to
                                                          suggested possible outliers in comparison to market data. Where
arrive at the final valuation.
                                                          assumptions were outside the expected range or were otherwise unusual,
Judgements are made in respect of capitalisation          and/or valuations showed unexpected movements, we held further
rates and market rents.                                   discussions with the Valuer to understand the rationale and obtained
The adoption of income capitalisation approach is in      additional audit evidence to support the explanations received.
line with market practice of property valuation and is    Overall, we considered that the methodologies used in preparing the
compliant with the Trust Deed.                            valuation were appropriate and key assumptions were supportable in light
There were a number of specific factors affecting the     of available and comparable market evidence.
valuations in the year which we considered when           We also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to the valuation
making our judgements:                                    of investment properties in the context of HKFRS disclosure requirements
•   revitalisation of certain investment properties       and were satisfied that appropriate disclosure has been made.
    through the Group’s Asset Enhancement
    Program; and
•   the performance of the Group’s investment
    property portfolio.
We focused on the valuation of investment properties
due to the significant judgements and estimates
involved in determining the valuations.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022      91
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Independent Auditor’s Report




Other Information
Link Asset Management Limited (the “Manager” of Link) is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all
of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the Manager and the Audit and Risk Management Committee for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The Manager is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance
with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, and for such internal control as the Manager determines is necessary to enable the preparation
of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Manager is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
Manager either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
In addition, the Manager is required to ensure that the consolidated financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the Second Amending and Restating Deed dated 30 July 2021 (the “Trust Deed”), and the relevant
disclosure provisions of Appendix C of the REIT Code.
The Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion
solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements. In addition, we are required to assess whether the consolidated
financial statements of the Group have been properly prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant provisions of
the Trust Deed and the relevant disclosure provisions of Appendix C of the REIT Code.




92    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Independent Auditor’s Report




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout
the audit. We also:
•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
    design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
    provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
    resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
    control.
•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
    circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
    made by the Manager.
•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the Manager’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
    obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
    ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
    auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
    our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
    events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
    whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
    presentation.
•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
    Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
    performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit and Risk Management Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Audit and Risk Management Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit and Risk Management Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


Report on Matters Under the Relevant Provisions of the Trust Deed and the Relevant
Disclosure Provisions of Appendix C of the REIT Code
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements have been properly prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the relevant disclosure provisions of Appendix C of the REIT Code.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Hung Nam.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, 1 June 2022




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021/2022        93
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Consolidated Income Statement




Consolidated Income Statement
For the year ended 31 March 2022



                                                                                                                  2022                         2021
                                                                                      Note                       HK$’M                        HK$’M

Revenue                                                                                6                         11,602                       10,744
Property operating expenses                                                            8                         (2,826)                       (2,506)

Net property income                                                                                               8,776                        8,238


General and administrative expenses                                                                                (512)                         (428)
Change in fair values of investment properties and impairment of goodwill           14 & 15                         426                        (5,322)
Interest income                                                                                                       98                         126
Finance costs                                                                          9                         (1,005)                         (770)
Loss on disposals of financial assets at amortised cost                                                              (11)                            –
Share of net profit of a joint venture                                                 16                           364                              –

Profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders                               10                         8,136                        1,844


Taxation                                                                               12                        (1,229)                       (1,092)

Profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders                                                         6,907                          752


Distributions paid to Unitholders:
– 2022 interim distribution                                                                                      (3,336)                             –
– 2021 final distribution                                                                                        (3,089)                             –
– 2021 interim distribution                                                                                            –                       (2,921)
– 2020 final distribution                                                                                              –                       (2,999)

                                                                                                                    482                        (5,168)

Represented by:
Change in net assets attributable to Unitholders, excluding
  issues of new units and units bought back                                                                       2,030                        (2,566)
Amount arising from reserve movements                                                  29                        (1,561)                       (2,169)
Non-controlling interests                                                                                             13                         (433)

                                                                                                                    482                        (5,168)

Profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to
– Unitholders (Note)                                                                   13                         6,894                        1,185
– Non-controlling interests                                                                                           13                         (433)

                                                                                                                  6,907                          752



The notes on pages 100 to 153 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Note: Earnings per unit, based upon profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to Unitholders and the weighted average
      number of units in issue, is set out in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.




94    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income




Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 March 2022



                                                                                                            After
                                                                Before         Transactions          transactions
                                                          transactions                 with                  with                  Non-
                                                                  with          Unitholders           Unitholders            controlling
                                                           Unitholders             (Note (i))            (Note (ii))           interests                 Total
                                                                HK$’M                HK$’M                 HK$’M                 HK$’M                  HK$’M

For the year ended 31 March 2022


Profit for the year                                               6,894                (8,455)              (1,561)                    13               (1,548)


Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently
   to the consolidated income statement
– Cash flow hedging reserve                                         372                      –                 372                       –                 372
– Exchange reserve                                                1,189                      –               1,189                      4                1,193

Total comprehensive income for the year                           8,455                (8,455)                     –                   17                    17



For the year ended 31 March 2021


Profit for the year                                               1,185                (3,354)               (2,169)                (433)               (2,602)


Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently
   to the consolidated income statement
– Cash flow hedging reserve                                         120                      –                 120                       –                 120
– Exchange reserve                                                2,049                      –               2,049                       –               2,049

Total comprehensive income for the year                           3,354                (3,354)                     –                (433)                 (433)


The notes on pages 100 to 153 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Notes:
(i) Transactions with Unitholders comprise the distributions to Unitholders of HK$6,425 million (2021: HK$5,920 million) and change in net assets
    attributable to Unitholders, excluding issues of new units and units bought back, which is an increase of HK$2,030 million (2021: a decrease of
    HK$2,566 million).
(ii) In accordance with the Trust Deed, the units of Link Real Estate Investment Trust contain contractual obligations to pay to its Unitholders cash
     distributions and also, upon the termination of the trust, a share of all net cash proceeds derived from the sale or realisation of the assets of the
     trust less any liabilities, in accordance with their proportionate interests in the trust at the date of the termination. Unitholders’ funds are therefore
     classified as a financial liability rather than equity in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 32: Financial Instruments: Presentation.
     Consistent with Unitholders’ funds being classified as a financial liability, the distributions to Unitholders and change in net assets attributable to
     Unitholders, excluding issues of new units and units bought back, are finance costs. Accordingly, the total comprehensive income attributable to
     Unitholders after the transactions with Unitholders is zero.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022            95
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Consolidated Statement of Distributions




Consolidated Statement of Distributions
For the year ended 31 March 2022



                                                                                                                   2022                         2021
                                                                                       Note                       HK$’M                        HK$’M

Profit for the year, before transactions with
  Unitholders attributable to Unitholders                                                                          6,894                         1,185


Adjustments:
– Change in fair values of investment properties and impairment of goodwill
     attributable to Unitholders                                                                                    (714)                        4,910
– Deferred taxation on change in fair values of investment properties
     attributable to Unitholders                                                                                     172                           (12)
– Change in fair values of derivative component of convertible bonds                                                  (32)                          32
– Change in fair values of financial instruments                                                                      (80)                        (320)
– Depreciation and amortisation of real estate and related assets                                                      51                           54
– Loss on disposals of financial assets at amortised cost                                                              11                             –
– Other non-cash income                                                                                               (29)                        (129)


Discretionary distribution (Note (i))                                                                                146                           290

Total Distributable Amount (Note (i))                                                                              6,419                         6,010

Interim distribution paid                                                                                          3,336                         2,921
Final distribution, to be paid to the Unitholders                                                                  3,083                         3,089

Total distributions for the year                                                                                   6,419                         6,010

Units in issue at 31 March                                                              28               2,110,193,850                 2,081,862,866

Distributions per unit to Unitholders:
– Interim distribution per unit, paid (Note (ii))                                                      HK159.59 cents                HK141.65 cents
– Final distribution per unit, to be paid to the Unitholders (Note (iii))                              HK146.08 cents                HK148.34 cents

Distribution per unit for the year                                                                     HK305.67 cents                HK289.99 cents


The notes on pages 100 to 153 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Notes:
(i) Under the terms of the Trust Deed, Link Real Estate Investment Trust is required to distribute to Unitholders no less than 90% of its distributable
    income for each financial year. Distributable income, according to the Trust Deed, is the Group’s consolidated profit after taxation attributable to
    Unitholders, as adjusted to eliminate the effect of certain non-cash adjustments which have been recorded in the consolidated income statement
    for the relevant year. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Manager has decided to distribute 100% (2021: 100%) of its distributable income
    to Unitholders. In addition, the Manager distributed a capital return in the form of a discretionary distribution of HK$146 million (2021: HK$290
    million). Together with the discretionary distribution, Total Distributable Amount represented 102% (2021: 105%) of the distributable income of the
    Group for the year ended 31 March 2022.
(ii) The interim distribution per unit of HK159.59 cents (2021: HK141.65 cents) for the six months ended 30 September 2021 was calculated based on
     the interim distribution of HK$3,336 million (2021: HK$2,921 million) for the period and 2,090,637,780 units (2021: 2,062,427,353 units) in issue as
     at 30 September 2021. The interim distribution was paid to Unitholders on 31 December 2021.
(iii) The final distribution per unit of HK146.08 cents (2021: HK148.34 cents) for the year ended 31 March 2022 is calculated based on the final
      distribution to be paid to the Unitholders of HK$3,083 million (2021: HK$3,089 million) for the second half of the financial year and 2,110,193,850
      units (2021: 2,081,862,866 units) in issue as at 31 March 2022, without taking into account any change in the number of units in issue subsequent
      to the approval of the consolidated financial statements. The final distribution will be paid to Unitholders on 2 August 2022.




96       Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Consolidated Statement of Financial Position




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 March 2022



                                                                                                    2022                     2021
                                                                             Note                  HK$’M                    HK$’M

Assets
  Goodwill                                                                    14                      400                       392
  Investment properties                                                       15                  212,761                 199,074
  Interests in a joint venture                                                16                    3,756                         –
  Property, plant and equipment                                               17                    1,248                    1,301
  Financial assets at amortised cost                                          18                    2,082                    2,742
  Deposits and prepayments                                                                            722                    2,433
  Derivative financial instruments                                            26                      414                       218
  Trade and other receivables                                                 19                    1,384                    1,195
  Bank deposits                                                               20                      170                         –
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                   20                    2,779                    2,530

Total assets                                                                                      225,716                 209,885

Liabilities, excluding net assets attributable to Unitholders
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                    21                    3,348                    3,029
  Long-term incentive scheme provision                                        22                      153                        82
  Other liabilities                                                           23                    3,948                    4,048
  Interest bearing liabilities                                                24                   45,714                  34,634
  Convertible bonds                                                           25                    4,031                    4,002
  Security deposits                                                                                 1,920                    1,789
  Derivative financial instruments                                            26                      429                       129
  Provision for taxation                                                                              483                       975
  Trade payables, receipts in advance and accruals                            27                    2,700                    2,504

Total liabilities, excluding net assets attributable to Unitholders                                62,726                  51,192

Non-controlling interests                                                                             302                       (27)

Net assets attributable to Unitholders                                                            162,688                 158,720

Units in issue                                                                28            2,110,193,850           2,081,862,866

Net assets per unit attributable to Unitholders                                                  HK$77.10                HK$76.24


The notes on pages 100 to 153 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


On behalf of the Board of Directors of
Link Asset Management Limited, as manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust




Nicholas Charles ALLEN                                   George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
Chairman                                                 Chief Executive Officer
1 June 2022                                              1 June 2022




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022     97
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Net Assets Attributable to Unitholders




Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
and Net Assets Attributable to Unitholders
For the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                                                      Net assets
                                                                            Unitholders’         attributable to       Non-controlling
                                                                                 equity             Unitholders              interests
                                                               Note              HK$’M                   HK$’M                 HK$’M

At 1 April 2021                                                                         –              158,720                      (27)
Issuance of units under distribution reinvestment scheme                                –                 2,020                       –
Units bought back for cancellation                                                      –                   (82)                      –
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                –                      –                   312
Profit for the year ended 31 March 2022,
  before transactions with Unitholders                                                  –                 6,894                     13
Distributions paid to Unitholders
– 2022 interim distribution                                                             –                (3,336)                      –
– 2021 final distribution                                                               –                (3,089)                      –
Change in fair values of cash flow hedges                      29                    312                       –                      –
Amount transferred to the consolidated income statement        29                     60                       –                      –
Foreign currency translations                                  29                  1,189                       –                      4
Amount arising from reserve movements                          29                 (1,561)                 1,561                       –
Change in net assets attributable to Unitholders and non-
  controlling interests for the year ended 31 March 2022,
  excluding issues of new units, units bought back and
  acquisition of non-controlling interests                                              –                 2,030                     17

At 31 March 2022                                                                        –              162,688                     302

At 1 April 2020                                                                         –              159,711                     406
Issuance of units under distribution reinvestment scheme                                –                 1,954                       –
Units bought back for cancellation                                                      –                  (379)                      –
Profit for the year ended 31 March 2021, before transactions
  with Unitholders                                                                      –                 1,185                   (433)
Distributions paid to Unitholders
– 2021 interim distribution                                                             –                (2,921)                      –
– 2020 final distribution                                                               –                (2,999)                      –
Change in fair values of cash flow hedges                      29                     63                       –                      –
Amount transferred to the consolidated income statement        29                     57                       –                      –
Foreign currency translations                                  29                  2,049                      –                       –
Amount arising from reserve movements                          29                 (2,169)                 2,169                       –
Change in net assets attributable to Unitholders and non-
  controlling interest for the year ended 31 March 2021,
  excluding issues of new units and units bought back                                   –                (2,566)                  (433)

At 31 March 2021                                                                        –              158,720                      (27)


The notes on pages 100 to 153 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




98    Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 March 2022



                                                                                                   2022                    2021
                                                                               Note               HK$’M                   HK$’M

Operating activities
Net cash generated from operating activities                                   30(a)               6,698                   7,078

Investing activities
  Acquisition of assets                                                         31                (9,010)                 (6,729)
  Acquisition of a joint venture                                                                    (947)                        –
  Acquisition of businesses                                                                             –                     (750)
  Additions to investment properties                                                                (858)                     (859)
  Additions to property, plant and equipment                                                         (28)                      (37)
  Interest income received                                                                           116                      138
  Proceeds from disposal and maturity of financial assets at amortised costs                         647                         –
  Deposits paid for acquisition of joint ventures                                                   (332)                 (2,305)
  Increase in bank deposits with original maturity of more than three months                        (170)                        –

Net cash used in investing activities                                                            (10,582)                (10,542)

Financing activities
  Proceeds from interest bearing liabilities, net of transaction costs                            25,237                  20,627
  Repayment of interest bearing liabilities                                                      (14,948)                (17,458)
  Repayment of borrowings acquired in acquisition of assets                     31                  (713)                        –
  Increase in amount due to a non-controlling interest                                                29                       49
  Interest expenses paid                                                                            (978)                     (928)
  Payment of lease liabilities                                                                         (2)                      (5)
  Distributions paid to Unitholders                                                               (4,405)                 (3,966)
  Units bought back for cancellation                                                                 (82)                     (379)

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                             4,138                  (2,060)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                 254                  (5,524)


Cash and cash equivalents at 1 April                                                               2,530                   7,877


Effect on exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                           (5)                    177

Cash and cash equivalents at 31 March                                                              2,779                   2,530


The notes on pages 100 to 153 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022      99
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
1    Corporate Information
     Link Real Estate Investment Trust (“Link”) is a collective investment scheme authorised under section 104 of the Securities
     and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). Link is governed by a Second Amending and Restating Deed
     entered into on 30 July 2021 (the “Trust Deed”).
     The principal activity of Link and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) is investing in real estate and may be undertaking property
     development and related activities in respect of all types of developments. The addresses of the registered offices of the
     Manager, Link Asset Management Limited, and the Trustee, HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited, are 20/F., Tower 1,
     The Quayside, 77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong and 1 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, respectively.


2    Basis of Preparation
     (a) Statement of Compliance
          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting
          Standards (“HKFRSs”), the requirements of the Trust Deed and the relevant disclosure requirements as set out in Appendix
          C of the Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts (the “REIT Code”) issued by the Securities and Futures Commission of
          Hong Kong. HKFRSs is a collective term which includes all applicable HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”)
          and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     (b) Accounting Convention
          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the
          revaluation of derivative financial instruments, long-term incentive scheme provision, the derivative component of
          convertible bonds, investment properties, and non-controlling interest put option obligation, which are stated at fair values
          as explained in the significant accounting policies set out in Note 3.

     (c) Adoption of New and Revised Accounting Policies
          For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group has adopted all the new standards and amendments that are currently in
          issue and effective.

          HKFRS 4, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 16                       Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
            and HKAS 39 Amendments
          HKFRS 16 Amendments                                       COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions
          HKFRS 16 Amendments                                       COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021


          The adoption of these new standards and amendments has not had any significant effect on the results reported and the
          financial position of the Group.




100 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2   Basis of Preparation (Continued)
    (c) Adoption of New and Revised Accounting Policies (Continued)
        The following new standards, amendments, interpretations and revised accounting guidelines which have been published
        but are not yet effective, have not been early adopted in the consolidated financial statements. These are effective for the
        Group’s accounting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2022.

        HKAS 1 Amendments                                                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current(2)
        HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2                               Disclosure of Accounting Policies(2)
          Amendments
        HKAS 8 Amendments                                                   Definition of Accounting Estimates(2)
        HKAS 12 Amendments                                                  Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single
                                                                              Transaction(2)
        HKFRS 3, HKAS 16 and HKAS 37 Amendments                             Narrow-Scope Amendments(1)
        HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Amendments                                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
                                                                              or Joint Venture(3)
        HKFRS 17                                                            Insurance Contracts(2)
        HKFRS 17 Amendments                                                 Amendments to HKFRS 17(2)
        Revised Accounting Guideline 5                                      Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations(1)
        Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)                                   Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower
                                                                              of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause(2)
        Annual Improvements 2018–2020 Cycle(1)


        (1)
              effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
        (2)
              effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
        (3)
              no mandatory effective date is determined yet, but early application is permitted


        The Group is in the process of making an assessment of the impact of these new standards, amendments, interpretations
        and revised accounting guidelines upon initial application.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 101
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     The significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below. Save as
     the adoption of new and revised accounting policies, these policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented.

     (a) Basis of Consolidation
          The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of Link and all its subsidiaries as at 31 March
          2022 and their results for the year then ended.
          Subsidiaries are entities, including structured entities, over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when
          the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
          those returns through its power over the entity.
          Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the
          date that control ceases.
          Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated.
          Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of impairment of the asset transferred.
          The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for the
          acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the
          acquiree and the units issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability
          resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
          assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Acquisition related
          costs are expensed in the consolidated income statement during the period in which they are incurred.
          Where the Group enters into a contract that contains an obligation (for example, a written put option exercisable by the
          contract counterparty) to acquire shares in a partly-owned subsidiary company from the non-controlling interest, which is
          not part of a business combination, the Group records a financial liability for the present value of the redemption amount
          with a corresponding charge directly to net assets attributable to Unitholders. Changes to the value of the financial liability
          are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

     (b) Segment Reporting
          A segment is a distinguishable component of the Group that is engaged either in providing a particular type of service, or in
          providing services within a particular economic environment, and which is subject to risks and rewards that are different from
          those of other segments. Consistent with the Group’s internal financial reporting to the Manager, being the chief operating
          decision maker, for the purpose of making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance, segment assets
          consist primarily of tangible assets and receivables and segment liabilities mainly comprise operating liabilities.




102 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (c) Foreign Currency Translation
       (i)   Functional and Presentation Currencies
             Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
             primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial
             statements are presented in millions of Hong Kong Dollars, which is the functional currency of Link and the Group’s
             presentation currency.

       (ii) Transactions and Balances
             Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
             dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting
             from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at the reporting date exchange rates of monetary
             assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated income statement, except
             when deferred in other comprehensive income as qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.

       (iii) Group Companies
             The results and financial position of all the Group’s entities that have a functional currency different from the
             presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
             –   assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position of the Group’s entities are translated at the reporting
                 date closing rate;
             –   income and expenditures for each income statement of the Group’s entities are translated at average exchange
                 rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on
                 the transaction dates, in which case income and expenditures are translated at the rates on the dates of the
                 transactions); and
             –   all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.
             Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities
             of the foreign entity and translated at the reporting date closing rate. Currency translation differences arising are
             recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022 103
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     (d) Investment Properties
          A property that is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, is classified as an investment property.
          It also includes properties that are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties.
          Investment property comprises land held under government leases and treated under finance lease and buildings held
          under finance leases.
          An investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.
          After initial recognition, an investment property is carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at each
          reporting date. The carrying value of the investment property is reviewed every six months and is independently valued by
          external valuer at least annually.
          Any gain or loss arising on disposal of the investment property (calculated as the difference between the disposal proceeds
          and the carrying amount, including revaluation, of the asset) is recognised in the consolidated income statement in the
          period in which the investment property is disposed of.
          Changes in fair values of the investment properties are recognised in the consolidated income statement.
          Subsequent expenditure is capitalised to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future economic
          benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group, and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repair
          and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated income statement during the period in which they are incurred.

     (e) Property, Plant and Equipment
          Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from property leased for own use, are stated at
          historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is
          directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
          Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when
          it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be
          measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated income statement during the
          period in which they are incurred.
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate cost less estimated
          residual value less accumulated impairment losses over the estimated useful lives as follows:

          Land and building                                           Lease terms
          Leasehold improvements                                      Five years or lease terms (if applicable)
          Right-of-use assets                                         Lease terms
          Equipment                                                   Three to five years
          Motor vehicles                                              Five years

          An asset’s residual value and useful life are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at each reporting date.
          An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater
          than its estimated recoverable amount, as an impairment loss.
          Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amounts and are recognised in
          the consolidated income statement.




104 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (f) Joint Ventures
        A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of
        the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. Joint control is the contractually agreed
        sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous
        consent of the parties sharing control.
        Interests in a joint venture are accounted for using the equity method. Interests in a joint venture are initially recognised at
        cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in the
        consolidated income statement, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in
        other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from the joint venture are recognised as a reduction in the
        carrying amount of the investment.
        Where the Group’s share of losses in a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests in the joint venture, including any other
        unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments
        on behalf of the joint venture.
        Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and the joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
        interests in the joint venture. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
        impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of the joint venture have been changed where necessary to
        ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
        The carrying amount of the joint venture is tested for impairment in accordance with the policy described in note 3(q).

    (g) Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
        Financial assets at amortised cost are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
        provision for impairment. The Group holds certain debt securities with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows,
        which represent solely payments of principal and interests and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost
        using the effective interest method. Regular way purchases or sales of debt securities are recognised and derecognised on
        a trade date basis.
        Interest income from financial assets at amortised cost is recognised using the effective interest rate method. The Group
        assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with the financial assets at amortised cost. The
        impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

    (h) Trade and Other Receivables
        Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
        provision for impairment. The Group holds the trade and other receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash
        flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The Group applies
        the HKFRS 9 simplified approach in assessing expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for
        trade receivables. The expected credit losses on trade receivables are calculated using a provision matrix where a provision
        rate applies based on its historical observed default rates adjusted by current and forward-looking information.
        Other receivables are considered to be low risk, and therefore the impairment provision is determined as 12 months
        expected credit losses which consider current and forward-looking information. The impairment methodology applied
        depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022 105
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     (i) Cash and Cash Equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid
          investments with original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts.

     (j) Goodwill
          Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable
          assets of the acquired business at the date of acquisition. Goodwill on business combinations is stated as a separate asset.
          Separately recognised goodwill is tested annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
          Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount
          of goodwill relating to the entity sold. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.

     (k) Unitholders’ Funds as a Financial Liability
          In accordance with the Trust Deed, Link is required to distribute to Unitholders not less than 90% of the Group’s Total
          Distributable Income for each financial year. The trust also has a limited life of 80 years from the date of establishment.
          Accordingly, the units contain contractual obligations of the trust to pay to its Unitholders cash distributions and also
          upon termination of the trust, a share of all net cash proceeds derived from the sale or realisation of the assets of the trust
          less any liabilities, in accordance with their proportionate interests in the trust at the date of the termination. Unitholders’
          funds are therefore classified as a financial liability rather than equity in accordance with HKAS 32: Financial Instruments:
          Presentation. This liability is shown on the consolidated statement of financial position as the net assets attributable to
          Unitholders. Distributions to Unitholders are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

     (l) Trade Payables and Provisions
          (i)   Trade Payables
                Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
                interest method.

          (ii) Provisions
                Provisions are recognised when there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is
                probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount
                can be made. Where a provision is expected to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset
                but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.
                Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation
                using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
                obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

     (m) Leases
          Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
          available for use by the group, except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-
          value assets. Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities are
          the net present value of the fixed lease payments discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease and subsequently
          stated at amortised cost.
          Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the consolidated income
          statement over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the
          liability for each period.
          On the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position, right-of-use asset has been included in property, plant and
          equipment and lease liabilities have been included in accruals.




106 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (n) Current and Deferred Taxation
        The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated income statement,
        except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the
        tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
        The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting
        date in the countries where the Group’s subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically
        evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation.
        It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
        Deferred taxation is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of
        assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred taxation is determined
        using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the reporting date and are expected to apply
        when the related deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax liability is settled.
        Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which
        the temporary differences can be utilised.
        Deferred taxation is provided on temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, except where the timing
        of the reversal of the temporary differences is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary differences will
        not reverse in the foreseeable future.
        Deferred taxation arising from investment property is determined based on the expected manner as to how the investment
        properties will be recovered (through sale or through use) with the corresponding tax rate applied.

    (o) Interest Bearing Liabilities
        Interest bearing liabilities are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Interest bearing liabilities
        are subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the
        redemption value is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the instrument using the effective
        interest method.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022 107
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     (p) Convertible Bonds
          Convertible bonds with conversion right comprise a derivative component and a liability component.
          At initial recognition, the derivative component of the convertible bonds is measured at fair value. Any excess of the
          proceeds over the amount initially recognised as the derivative component is recognised as the liability component.
          Transaction costs relating to the issue of the convertible bonds are allocated to the liability and derivative components
          in proportion to the allocation of proceeds. The portion of the transaction costs relating to the liability component is
          recognised initially as part of the liability component and the portion relating to the derivative component is recognised
          immediately in the consolidated income statement.
          The derivative component is subsequently remeasured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised immediately
          in the consolidated income statement. The liability component is subsequently measured at amortised cost. The interest
          expense recognised in the consolidated income statement on the liability component is calculated using the effective
          interest method.

     (q) Impairment of Non-financial Assets
          Assets that are subject to depreciation and amortisation are reviewed by the Group for impairment whenever events or
          changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised
          for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the
          higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. Non-financial assets other than goodwill that is subject to
          impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.

     (r) Revenue Recognition
          (i)   Rentals
                Operating lease rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement. Contingent
                rental income (representing income over and above base rent) such as turnover rent, is recognised according to
                the terms of the lease agreements when the amount can be reliably measured, in the accounting period in which
                it is earned. Lease incentives provided, such as rent-free periods, are amortised on a straight-line basis and are
                recognised as a reduction of rental income over the respective term of the lease.

          (ii) Service Fees and Charges
                Service fees and charges such as air conditioning income arising from the provision of services are recognised over
                time when such services are rendered.

          (iii) Interest Income
                Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using effective interest method.




108 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (s) Expenditure
       Expenditures, including property related outgoings and other expenses, are recognised on an accrual basis.

    (t) Employee Benefits
       Employee benefits such as wages, salaries and bonuses are recognised as an expense when the employee has rendered
       the service.
       Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated
       liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the reporting date. Employee entitlements to
       sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave. The employer’s contributions to the Mandatory
       Provident Fund for employees are expensed as incurred.

    (u) Employees’ Long-term Incentive Scheme
       Incentives in the form of a long-term incentive scheme are provided to eligible employees (including directors).
       Employee services rendered in exchange for the grant of the long-term incentive scheme awards are recognised as
       an expense, with a corresponding increase in the liability incurred. This expense is charged to the consolidated income
       statement over the vesting periods. Until the liability is settled, the value of the liability is re-measured at each reporting
       date and at the date of settlement, with any changes in value recognised in the consolidated income statement for the
       year. At each reporting date, estimates of the number of long-term incentive scheme awards that are expected to vest will
       be revised and the impact of the revision is recognised in the consolidated income statement. The carrying value of the
       long-term incentive scheme awards is reviewed every six months and is independently valued by external valuer at least
       annually. If the awards do not vest on the vesting dates, the amounts charged to the consolidated income statement will
       be written back.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 109
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
     (v) Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
          A derivative is initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and is subsequently re-
          measured at its fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is
          designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
          At the inception of the hedging, the Group documents the economic relationship between hedging instruments and
          hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking its hedge transactions.

          (i)   Cash Flow Hedge
                Hedging relationships are classified as cash flow hedges when such relationships are used to hedge against
                exposure to variability in cash flows that are attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or
                liability and such variability could affect profit or loss.
                The changes in the fair value of the effective portion of derivatives that are designed and qualify as cash flow hedges
                are recognised in other comprehensive income and deferred in a cash flow hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating
                to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated income statement.
                Amounts accumulated in hedging reserves are transferred to the consolidated income statement in the periods when
                the hedged item affects profit or loss. However, where the hedged item subsequently results in recognition of
                a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains or losses deferred in cash flow hedging reserve are
                transferred from hedging reserve and included within the initial cost of the asset or liability.
                When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge
                accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss and deferred costs of hedging in the cash flow hedging reserve at
                that time remain in hedging reserve until the forecast transaction occurs, resulting in recognition of a non-financial
                asset such as inventory. When the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss
                that was reported in hedging reserve is immediately reclassified to the consolidated income statement.

          (ii) Fair Value Hedge
                Derivatives designated as hedging instruments to hedge the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities may qualify as
                fair value hedges.
                The Group uses interest rate swap contracts to hedge its exposure to variability in fair values of recognised liabilities
                against changes in market interest rates.
                The Group uses cross currency swap contracts to hedge its exposure to variability in fair value of recognised foreign
                currency liabilities against changes in foreign currency exchange rates and market interest rates. The changes in fair
                values of the cross currency swap contracts are recognised directly in the consolidated income statement.
                Changes in the fair values of these derivative contracts, together with the changes in the fair values of the hedged
                liabilities attributable to the hedged risk are recognised in the consolidated income statement as finance costs
                on interest bearing liabilities. At the same time, the carrying amounts of the hedged liabilities in the consolidated
                statement of financial position are adjusted for the changes in fair values.




110 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
    (v) Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities (Continued)
        (iii) Net Investment Hedge
             Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges. Any gain or loss on
             the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in other comprehensive income
             and accumulated in reserves in equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in
             the consolidated income statement.
             Gains and losses accumulated in equity are reclassified to the consolidated income statement when the foreign
             operation is disposed of.

        (iv) Derivatives That Do Not Qualify for Hedge Accounting
             Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any derivative
             instrument that does not qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately in the consolidated
             income statement.

        (v) Hedge Ineffectiveness
             Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective
             effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged item and
             hedging instrument.
             The Group enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging instrument match exactly with
             the terms of the hedged item. The Group therefore, performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness. If changes in
             circumstances affect the terms of the hedged item such that the critical terms no longer match exactly with the critical
             terms of the hedging instrument, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative method to assess effectiveness.
             In hedges of foreign currency purchases, ineffectiveness may arise if the timing of the forecast transaction changes
             from what was originally estimated or if there are changes in the credit risk of the derivative counterparty.

    (w) Borrowing Costs
        Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets
        that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those
        assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are
        recognised in the consolidated income statement in the period in which they are incurred.

    (x) Presentation of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
        The Group has adopted the liquidity basis in the presentation of the consolidated statement of financial position as it is
        considered to be more relevant and meaningful to readers based on the timing of their realisation or settlement of assets
        and liabilities as justified by the market situation.


4   Financial Risk Management
    (a) Financial Risk Factors
        The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including interest rate risk and currency risk),
        credit risk and liquidity risk.
        Risk management is carried out by the Manager. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the
        unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
        The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swap contracts and cross currency swap contracts to
        manage financial risk.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021/2022 111
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4    Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (a) Financial Risk Factors (Continued)
          (i)   Market Risk
                (A) Interest Rate Risk
                    The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through the impact of rate changes in interest bearing liabilities and
                    assets. The risks can be separated into cash flow interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk.
                    Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates will impact cash flows arising from
                    variable rate financial instruments. Borrowings at floating rates therefore, expose the Group to cash flow
                    interest rate risk. The Group manages its cash flow interest rate risk by using floating-to-fixed interest rate swap
                    contracts. Such interest rate swap contracts have the economic effect of converting borrowings from floating
                    rates to fixed rates.
                    Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the values of financial liabilities will fluctuate because of changes in
                    market interest rates. The Group manages its fair value interest rate risk by entering into interest rate swap
                    contracts which have the economic effect of converting borrowings from fixed rates to floating rates.
                    The effects of the interest rate swaps on the Group’s financial position and performance are as follows:

                                                                                                          2022                        2021
                                                                                                         HK$’M                       HK$’M

                    Carrying amount – assets                                                                397                           50
                    Notional amount                                                                      10,448                       9,054
                    Maturity date                                                               October 2023 –              October 2023 –
                                                                                                   March 2030                  March 2030
                    Hedge ratio                                                                              1:1                         1:1
                    Change in fair value of outstanding hedging instruments
                      since beginning of the year                                                           287                           61
                    Change in value of hedged item used to determine
                      hedge effectiveness                                                                   (287)                        (61)
                    Weighted average hedged rate for the year                                             0.73%                       0.77%


                    As at 31 March 2022, if interest rates on floating rate interest bearing liabilities net of floating rate interest
                    bearing assets had been 100 basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, profit for the year,
                    before transactions with Unitholders, would have been HK$148 million (2021: HK$101 million) lower/higher,
                    mainly as a result of higher/lower interest expense on floating rate borrowings. As at 31 March 2022, if interest
                    rates had been 100 basis points higher/lower, the hedging reserve would have been HK$310 million/HK$325
                    million (2021: HK$377 million/HK$401 million) higher/lower mainly as a result of an increase/decrease in the
                    fair values of the cash flow hedges as described above.




112 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
    (a) Financial Risk Factors (Continued)
        (i)   Market Risk (Continued)
              (B) Currency Risk
                  Currency risk arises on account of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the
                  functional currency.
                  The Group has certain investments in Mainland China, Australia and the United Kingdom, whose net assets are
                  exposed to foreign currency translation risk. This gave rise to an aggregated unrealised gain of approximately
                  HK$1,326 million (2021: HK$2,099 million) on translation of these operations’ net assets to the Group’s
                  Hong Kong Dollar reporting currency, which is reflected as a movement in reserves under the heading of
                  exchange reserve.
                  After taking into accounts the cross currency swap contracts, the Group finances the investments in Australia
                  and the United Kingdom by bank borrowings denominated in Australian Dollars and British Pound Sterling
                  respectively, thereby establishing a natural hedge against any foreign currency risk arising from assets and
                  liabilities denominated in Australian Dollars and British Pound Sterling.
                  The Group has designated certain British Pound Sterling bank borrowings as hedging instruments for the
                  changes in the value of the net investments in the United Kingdom attributable to changes in the HK$/GBP spot
                  rate. The carrying amount of the British Pound Sterling bank borrowings designated as hedging instruments
                  at 31 March 2022 was HK$1,108 million (2021: HK$1,108 million). The hedge was determined to be
                  effective. A foreign exchange loss of HK$8 million (2021: HK$50 million) was recognised in the Group’s other
                  comprehensive income for the year on translation of the British Pound Sterling bank borrowings to Hong Kong
                  dollars. Management considers that there is no significant net currency risk exposure with respect to Australian
                  Dollars and British Pound Sterling.
                  The Group has designated certain Renminbi bank borrowings and cross currency swap contracts as hedging
                  instruments for the changes in the value of the net investments in Mainland China attributable to changes in the
                  HK$/RMB spot rate. The carrying amounts of the Renminbi bank borrowings and cross currency swap contracts
                  designated as hedging instruments at 31 March 2022 were HK$2,033 million (2021: Nil) and HK$93 million
                  (2021: Nil) respectively. The hedges were determined to be effective. Foreign exchange losses of HK$36 million
                  (2021: Nil) and HK$93 million (2021: Nil) were recognised in the Group’s other comprehensive income for the
                  year on translation of the Renminbi bank borrowings to Hong Kong dollars and the fair value change of the
                  cross currency swap contracts respectively.
                  The Group has certain medium term notes and financial assets at amortised cost denominated in United States
                  Dollars. The Group uses cross currency swap contracts to hedge its exposure against changes in foreign
                  exchange rate on its medium term notes. Since Hong Kong Dollar is pegged to the United States Dollar, management
                  considers that there is no significant currency risk with respect to financial assets at amortised cost.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 113
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4    Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (a) Financial Risk Factors (Continued)
          (i)   Market Risk (Continued)
                (B) Currency Risk (Continued)
                     As at 31 March 2022, the Hong Kong Dollars equivalent of United States Dollars medium term notes stands at
                     HK$12,109 million (2021: HK$7,859 million). The effects of the cross currency swap contracts on the Group’s
                     financial position and performance are as follows:

                                                                                                        2022                      2021
                                                                                                       HK$’M                     HK$’M

                     Carrying amount – (liabilities)/assets                                              (406)                        39
                     Notional amount                                                                  16,579                     11,507
                     Maturity date                                                         September 2024 –           September 2024 –
                                                                                               January 2032                  July 2026
                     Hedge ratio                                                                          1:1                        1:1
                     Change in fair value of outstanding hedging instruments
                       since beginning of the year                                                       (445)                      173
                     Change in value of hedged item used to determine
                       hedge effectiveness                                                                445                       (173)
                     Weighted average hedged rate for the year                                         2.50%                      2.38%


          (ii) Credit Risk
                Credit risk arises from the potential failure of the Group’s counterparties to meet their obligations under financial
                contracts. The Group is exposed to credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents and deposits with banks and financial
                institutions, financial assets at amortised cost, derivative financial instruments as well as trade receivables.
                Credit risk is managed on a group basis. The Group manages its deposits with banks and financial institutions by
                limiting the level of deposits to be placed with any counterparties. Deposits placed with any individual counterparty
                cannot exceed a pre-defined limit assigned to the individual counterparty. As at 31 March 2022, all bank deposits
                were placed with financial institutions with external credit ratings of no less than “BBB”.
                For financial assets at amortised cost, the Manager closely monitors the financial performance of the issuers and
                their credit ratings to ensure that adequate impairment losses are recognised for irrecoverable debts. As at 31 March
                2022, all the financial assets at amortised cost held have external credit ratings of no less than “BBB–”. In this regard,
                the Manager considers that the Group’s credit risk is low.




114 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
    (a) Financial Risk Factors (Continued)
        (ii) Credit Risk (Continued)
            In respect of credit exposures to tenants, which includes trade receivables and certain tenant-related other
            receivables, credit risk exposure is minimised by undertaking transactions with a large number of counterparties and
            conducting credit reviews on prospective tenants. The Group also has policies in place to ensure that rental security
            deposits or bank guarantees equivalent to 2 to 3 months rentals are required from tenants prior to commencement
            of leases. It also has other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts.
            Accordingly, management considered that the expected credit loss on a collective basis is close to zero. In addition,
            the management regularly reviews the recoverable amount of each long overdue trade receivable on an individual
            basis to ensure that adequate provision for impairment losses is made for potentially irrecoverable amounts, which
            uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for trade receivables. The Group has also incorporated forward-looking
            information, which takes into account the macroeconomic factors in estimating the expected credit loss. The Group
            has no significant concentrations of credit risk.
            The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the consolidated
            statement of financial position after deducting any impairment allowance. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising
            from financial assets at amortised cost amounted to HK$2,082 million (2021: HK$2,742 million) and is set out in Note
            18. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables amounted to HK$270 million (2021: HK$253
            million) and is set out in Note 19. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents and bank
            deposits amounted to HK$2,949 million (2021: HK$2,530 million) and is set out in Note 20. The Group’s exposure
            to credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments amounted to HK$414 million (2021: HK$218 million) and is
            set out in Note 26.

        (iii) Liquidity Risk
            Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding from committed
            credit facilities and operating cash flow.
            The Group has cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits of HK$2,949 million (2021: HK$2,530 million) as at
            31 March 2022. In addition to the cash resources, the Group has total available borrowing facilities amounting to
            HK$72,861 million (2021: HK$48,587 million), of which HK$50,236 million (2021: HK$38,611 million) was drawn
            as at 31 March 2022. The undrawn committed facilities, in the form of bank loans, totalled HK$22,625 million (2021:
            HK$9,976 million) as at 31 March 2022.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021/2022 115
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4    Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (a) Financial Risk Factors (Continued)
          (iii) Liquidity Risk (Continued)
               The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining
               period at the reporting date from the contractual maturity dates. The amounts disclosed in the table are the expected
               contractual undiscounted cash flows which comprise both interest and principal cash flows.


                                                                 Less than          Between            Between                Over
                                                                    1 year      1 and 2 years      2 and 5 years            5 years
                                                                   HK$’M              HK$’M              HK$’M              HK$’M

               At 31 March 2022
               Trade payables and accruals                           2,695                  5                  –                  –
               Derivative financial instruments (net settled)           33               104                267                 39
               Security deposits                                       783               452                561                124
               Convertible bonds                                     3,251                 13               793                   –
               Interest bearing liabilities                          6,466              9,079            25,264              9,707
               Amount due to a non-controlling interest              3,930                  –                  –                  –
               Non-controlling interest put option obligation           86                  –                  –                  –
               Unitholders’ funds                                        –                  –                  –           162,688

               At 31 March 2021
               Trade payables and accruals                           2,101                  2                  –                  –
               Derivative financial instruments (net settled)            7                  8               110                   –
               Security deposits                                       627               500                554                108
               Convertible bonds                                        64                 64             4,065                   –
               Interest bearing liabilities                          3,912              2,227            23,147              8,309
               Amount due to a non-controlling interest                  –              4,022                  –                  –
               Non-controlling interest put option obligation            –               234                   –                  –
               Unitholders’ funds                                        –                  –                  –           158,720




116 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
    (b) Capital Management
        The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern whilst
        seeking to maximise benefits to Unitholders.
        The Group monitors capital on a regular basis and observes the REIT Code’s maximum gearing ratio of 50% (2021: 50%).
        This ratio is calculated as total borrowings (interest bearing liabilities and convertible bonds) divided by total asset value as
        shown in the consolidated statement of financial position.


                                                                                                       2022                      2021
                                                                                                      HK$’M                     HK$’M

        Total borrowings                                                                             49,745                     38,636

        Total asset value                                                                           225,716                    209,885

        Gearing ratio                                                                                 22.0%                      18.4%


    (c) Fair Value Estimation
        (i)   Fair Value Hierarchy
              HKFRS 13 requires disclosure of fair value measurement by three levels of fair value measurement hierarchy. The
              following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value:
              Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
              Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                       directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices).
              Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs).


                                                                     Level 1             Level 2              Level 3            Total
                                                                     HK$’M               HK$’M                HK$’M             HK$’M

              At 31 March 2022
              Assets
              Investment properties                                        –                   –             212,761           212,761
              Derivative financial instruments                             –                414                    –               414

              Total assets                                                 –                414              212,761           213,175

              Liabilities
              Derivative financial instruments                             –                429                    –               429
              Non-controlling interest put option obligation               –                   –                  86                 86

              Total liabilities                                            –                429                   86               515




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022 117
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4    Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (c) Fair Value Estimation (Continued)
          (i)   Fair Value Hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                       Level 1            Level 2             Level 3              Total
                                                                       HK$’M              HK$’M               HK$’M               HK$’M

                At 31 March 2021
                Assets
                Investment properties                                        –                   –           199,074            199,074
                Derivative financial instruments                             –                218                   –                218

                Total assets                                                 –                218            199,074            199,292

                Liabilities
                Derivative financial instruments                             –                129                   –                129
                Non-controlling interest put option obligation               –                   –               204                 204

                Total liabilities                                            –                129                204                 333


                There were no transfers between these three levels during the year (2021: Nil).
                The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and out of fair value hierarchy levels as of the date of the event or
                change in circumstances that caused the transfer.

          (ii) Fair Value Disclosure
                The carrying values less impairment provision of trade receivables and the carrying values of trade payables, accruals,
                bank deposits and interest bearing liabilities that are expected to be recovered or settled within one year are a
                reasonable approximation of their fair values due to their short-term maturities.
                The fair values of interest bearing liabilities, liability component of convertible bonds and accruals, that are expected
                to be settled after one year are based on market prices or are estimated by using the expected future payments
                discounted at market interest rates.




118 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




5   Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements
    The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical
    accounting estimates. It also requires the Manager to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
    accounting policies.
    Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
    expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
    seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
    adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next year are discussed below.

    (a) Investment Properties
         The fair value of each investment property is individually determined at each reporting date by independent valuer based
         on a market value assessment. The valuers have relied on the income capitalisation approach as their primary method,
         cross-referenced to the direct comparison approach where applicable. Details of the valuation techniques and assumptions
         have been disclosed in Note 15.

    (b) Financial Instruments
         In estimating the fair value of its financial instruments, the Group uses valuation techniques such as dealer quotes and
         discounted cash flows. The Group also makes assumptions that are based on market conditions existing at each
         reporting date.

    (c) Long-term Incentive Scheme Valuation
         The value of awards granted is estimated based on valuation techniques and assumptions on unit prices, outstanding
         length of the awards, distribution pay-out rates and other market conditions, which management considers as representing
         the best estimate of the value of the liability for such awards at the reporting date. The carrying value of the long-term
         incentive scheme awards is reviewed every six months and is independently valued by external valuer at least annually.

    (d) Non-controlling Interest Put Option Obligation
         The fair value of the non-controlling interest put option obligation is determined at each reporting date by independent
         valuer based on a market value assessment. The valuer has used discounted cash flow as the valuation technique. The
         valuation is based on various assumptions, including the estimated fair value of the equity interests of the non-wholly
         owned subsidiary at the expected time of exercise of the put option, the expected time of exercise itself, the cash flow and
         the discount rate used. Details of the valuation technique and assumptions have been disclosed in Note 23.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 119
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6    Revenue
     Revenue recognised during the year comprises:


                                                                                                              2022               2021
                                                                                                             HK$’M              HK$’M

     Rentals
     – Hong Kong retail properties                                                                            6,223              6,159
     – Hong Kong car parks and related business                                                               2,130              1,883
     – Mainland China retail properties                                                                       1,061               850
     – Hong Kong, Mainland China and overseas offices                                                           854               778
     – Mainland China logistics                                                                                   32                 –
     Other revenue (Note)                                                                                     1,302              1,074

     Total revenue                                                                                           11,602             10,744


     Note: Other revenue includes management fees, air conditioning service fees, promotion levies and miscellaneous revenue.


     Leases with tenants provide for monthly base rent and recovery of certain outgoings. Additional rents based on business
     turnover amounted to HK$119 million (2021: HK$86 million) and have been included in the rental income.




120 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




7   Segment Information
                                                                              Hong Kong
                                                                Hong Kong       car parks     Mainland
                                                                     retail   and related   China retail
                                                                 properties     business     properties          Others        Total
                                                                    HK$’M         HK$’M         HK$’M            HK$’M        HK$’M

    For the year ended 31 March 2022
    Revenue                                                          7,089         2,138         1,263            1,112       11,602

    Segment results                                                  5,380         1,675           894              315        8,264
    Change in fair values of investment properties                  (2,069)        2,672           (232)             55          426
    Share of net profit of a joint venture                               –             –           364                –          364
    Interest income                                                                                                               98
    Finance costs                                                                                                              (1,005)
    Loss on disposals of financial assets at amortised cost                                                                       (11)

    Profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders                                                                   8,136
    Taxation                                                                                                                   (1,229)

    Profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders                                                                  6,907

    Capital additions                                                  365         5,917         7,489            1,722       15,493
    Depreciation                                                         –             –             (2)            (82)          (84)

    As at 31 March 2022
    Segment assets                                                123,700         40,127        25,909           26,379      216,115
    Interests in a joint venture                                         –             –         3,756                –        3,756
    Goodwill                                                                                                                     400
    Financial assets at amortised cost                                                                                         2,082
    Derivative financial instruments                                                                                             414
    Bank deposits                                                                                                                170
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  2,779

    Total assets                                                                                                             225,716

    Segment liabilities                                              2,562           221           748            1,089        4,620
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                   3,348
    Long-term incentive scheme provision                                                                                         153
    Other liabilities                                                                                                          3,948
    Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                              45,714
    Convertible bonds                                                                                                          4,031
    Derivative financial instruments                                                                                             429
    Provision for taxation                                                                                                       483

    Total liabilities, excluding net assets
      attributable to Unitholders                                                                                             62,726

    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                    302

    Net assets attributable to Unitholders                                                                                   162,688


    For the year ended 31 March 2022, revenue of HK$1,641 million (2021: HK$1,357 million) is attributable to external customers
    from Mainland China, HK$9,479 million (2021: HK$9,016 million) is attributable to external customers from Hong Kong, and
    HK$482 million (2021: HK$371 million) is attributable to external customers from overseas.
    As at 31 March 2022, investment properties, interests in a joint venture, property, plant and equipment, and goodwill amounting
    to HK$38,084 million (2021: HK$27,288 million) are located in Mainland China, HK$172,102 million (2021: HK$165,422
    million) are located in Hong Kong and HK$7,979 million (2021: HK$8,057 million) are located in overseas.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022 121
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




7    Segment Information (Continued)
                                                                       Hong Kong
                                                        Hong Kong        car parks     Mainland
                                                             retail    and related   China retail
                                                         properties      business     properties    Others      Total
                                                            HK$’M          HK$’M         HK$’M      HK$’M      HK$’M

     For the year ended 31 March 2021
     Revenue                                                 6,900          1,888          1,015      941      10,744

     Segment results                                         5,329          1,448           743       290       7,810
     Change in fair values of investment properties
       and impairment of goodwill                            (3,554)         (273)          (161)   (1,334)    (5,322)
     Interest income                                                                                             126
     Finance costs                                                                                               (770)

     Profit before taxation and transactions
       with Unitholders                                                                                         1,844
     Taxation                                                                                                  (1,092)

     Profit for the year, before transactions
       with Unitholders                                                                                          752

     Capital additions                                         621             56           115      7,308      8,100
     Depreciation                                                 –             –             (1)      (90)       (91)

     As at 31 March 2021
     Segment assets                                        125,406         31,526        20,878     26,193    204,003
     Goodwill                                                                                                    392
     Financial assets at amortised cost                                                                         2,742
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                            218
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  2,530

     Total assets                                                                                             209,885

     Segment liabilities                                     2,468            179           561      1,085      4,293
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   3,029
     Long-term incentive scheme provision                                                                         82
     Other liabilities                                                                                          4,048
     Interest bearing liabilities                                                                              34,634
     Convertible bonds                                                                                          4,002
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                            129
     Provision for taxation                                                                                      975

     Total liabilities, excluding net assets
       attributable to Unitholders                                                                             51,192

     Non-controlling interest                                                                                     (27)

     Net assets attributable to Unitholders                                                                   158,720




122 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




8   Property Operating Expenses
                                                                                                               2022                         2021
                                                                                                              HK$’M                        HK$’M

    Property managers’ fees, security and cleaning                                                               705                          659
    Staff costs                                                                                                  569                          443
    Repair and maintenance                                                                                       279                          285
    Utilities                                                                                                    320                          281
    Government rent and rates                                                                                    282                          273
    Promotion and marketing expenses                                                                             198                          158
    Estate common area costs                                                                                     129                           94
    Real estate taxes and land use taxes                                                                         133                           99
    Other property operating expenses                                                                            211                          214

                                                                                                               2,826                        2,506



9   Finance Costs
                                                                                                               2022                         2021
                                                                                                              HK$’M                        HK$’M

    Interest expenses on interest bearing liabilities                                                            812                          735
    Interest expenses on convertible bonds (Note 25)                                                             125                          125
    Other borrowing costs (Note (i))                                                                             223                          221

                                                                                                               1,160                        1,081
    Less: capitalised under investment properties (Note (ii))                                                      (5)                        (17)

                                                                                                               1,155                        1,064
    Change in fair values of derivative component of convertible bonds (Note 25)                                  (32)                         32
    Fair value gain on non-controlling interest put option obligation (Note 23)                                 (118)                        (326)

                                                                                                               1,005                          770

    Notes:
    (i)   Other borrowing costs mainly include HK$81 million (2021: HK$96 million) interest expenses to a non-controlling interest, HK$60 million
          (2021: HK$57 million) net losses on interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges, HK$82 million (2021: HK$45 million) net
          gains on cross currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts designated as fair value hedges and various banking and financing
          charges.
    (ii) Interest expenses have been capitalised under investment properties at an average interest rate of 2.3% (2021: 2.8%) per annum.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021/2022 123
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




10 Profit Before Taxation and Transactions with Unitholders
     Profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders for the year is stated after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                             2022                        2021
                                                                                                            HK$’M                       HK$’M

     Staff costs (Note 11)                                                                                     923                         659
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                               84                          91
     Trustee’s fee                                                                                               16                          15
     Valuation fee                                                                                                4                           4
     Auditor’s remuneration
       Audit and audit-related assurance services                                                                12                          11
       Acquisition related professional fees                                                                      1                           3
       Others                                                                                                     2                           1
       Professional fees capitalised under investment properties                                                 (1)                          (3)

     Bank charges                                                                                                 7                           8
     Commission to property agents                                                                               15                          20
     Donations                                                                                                   15                          14
     Exchange (gain)/loss on financial instruments                                                              (31)                         79
     Short-term lease expenses                                                                                    8                           5
     Other legal and professional fees                                                                           18                           7



11 Staff Costs
                                                                                                             2022                        2021
                                                                                                            HK$’M                       HK$’M

     Wages and salaries                                                                                        871                         708
     Contributions to mandatory provident fund scheme (Note)                                                     15                          14
     Long-term incentive scheme awards                                                                         118                           14

                                                                                                             1,004                         736
     Less: capitalised under investment properties                                                              (81)                        (77)

     Staff costs (Note 10)                                                                                     923                         659


     Note: The Group operates a pension scheme – Mandatory Provident Fund. The scheme is a defined contribution plan funded through payments
           to trustee-administered funds. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the employer pays fixed contributions into a
           separate entity (a fund). The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.




124 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




12 Taxation
   Hong Kong profits tax has been provided for at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profit for the year.
   Income taxes in Mainland China and Australia have been provided for at the applicable rate on the estimated assessable profit
   for the year.
   The amount of taxation charged to the consolidated income statement represents:


                                                                                                    2022                      2021
                                                                                                   HK$’M                     HK$’M

   Current taxation
   – Hong Kong                                                                                        785                       786
   – Mainland China                                                                                   170                       174
   – Australia                                                                                           7                         –


   Deferred taxation (Note 21)                                                                        267                       132

   Taxation                                                                                         1,229                     1,092


   The differences between the Group’s expected tax charge, using the Hong Kong profits tax rate, and the Group’s taxation for
   the year were as follows:


                                                                                                    2022                      2021
                                                                                                   HK$’M                     HK$’M

   Profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders                                         8,136                     1,844

   Expected tax calculated at the Hong Kong profits tax rate of 16.5%
     (2021: 16.5%)                                                                                  1,342                       304
   Tax effect of different taxation rates                                                              32                        56
   Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                               91                       900
   Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                                  (120)                       (84)
   Tax effect of other temporary differences                                                         (138)                       (69)
   Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax loss                                                    (24)                       (13)
   Withholding tax                                                                                     46                         (2)

   Taxation                                                                                         1,229                     1,092


   On 18 March 2021, the Group received a protective additional tax assessment for the year of assessment 2014/15 from
   Hong Kong’s Inland Revenue Department (“IRD”) amounting to HK$345 million. Such additional profits tax assessment was
   made on the gain in respect of the disposal of properties. The Group lodged an objection to IRD on the basis that profits tax shall
   not be charged on the profits derived from the sales of the properties, which sales were capital rather than trading in nature.
   According to the instruction of IRD, tax reserve certificates (“TRCs”) amounting to HK$172 million were purchased on
   10 May 2021 as a condition for the tax payable holdover arrangement. On 28 February 2022, IRD determined that no tax
   would be charged on the disposal of properties. The TRCs were redeemed from IRD on 7 April 2022.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 125
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13 Earnings Per Unit Based Upon Profit for the Year, Before Transactions with
   Unitholders Attributable to Unitholders
                                                                                                  2022                     2021

     Profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to
       Unitholders for calculating basic earnings per unit                            HK$6,894 million          HK$1,185 million
     Adjustment for dilutive convertible bonds                                            HK$72 million                        –

     Profit for the year, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to
       Unitholders for calculating diluted earnings per unit                          HK$6,966 million          HK$1,185 million

     Weighted average number of units for the year for
      calculating basic earnings per unit                                                2,092,485,656            2,066,880,618
     Adjustment for dilutive convertible bonds                                              36,566,414                         –

     Weighted average number of units for the year for
      calculating diluted earnings per unit                                              2,129,052,070            2,066,880,618

     Basic earnings per unit                                                                   HK$3.29                  HK$0.57

     Diluted earnings per unit                                                                 HK$3.27                  HK$0.57


     For the year ended 31 March 2021, the basic and diluted earnings per unit were the same as the convertible bonds had an anti-
     dilutive effect on the basic earnings per unit.


14 Goodwill
                                                                                                  2022                     2021
                                                                                                 HK$’M                    HK$’M

     At 1 April                                                                                     392                      424
     Exchange adjustments                                                                             8                       14
     Impairment                                                                                       –                      (46)

     At 31 March                                                                                    400                      392




126 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




15 Investment Properties
   (a) Details of the Movements of Investment Properties are as follows:
                                                                                                                           HK$’M

       At 1 April 2021                                                                                                    199,074
       Exchange adjustments (Note (e))                                                                                      1,054
       Acquisition of assets (Note 31)                                                                                     11,348
       Additions                                                                                                              859
       Change in fair values                                                                                                  426

       At 31 March 2022                                                                                                   212,761



       At 1 April 2020                                                                                                    193,224
       Exchange adjustments (Note (e))                                                                                      3,050
       Acquisition of assets                                                                                                7,253
       Additions                                                                                                              823
       Change in fair values                                                                                                (5,276)

       At 31 March 2021                                                                                                   199,074


   (b) Valuation Process
       The investment properties were revalued on a market value basis as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022 by Colliers
       International (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Principal Valuer”), an independent firm of professional qualified valuers and the
       Principal Valuer of Link.
       The Manager held discussions with the Principal Valuer and reviewed all significant inputs used by the Principal Valuer.
       Discussions of the valuation processes and results at each reporting date are held between the Manager and the
       Principal Valuer.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 127
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




15 Investment Properties (Continued)
     (c) Valuation Techniques
          The Principal Valuer has relied on the income capitalisation approach as the primary approach with cross-reference to the
          direct comparison approach.
          The income capitalisation approach is based on the capitalisation of the current passing rental income and potential
          reversionary income of the property from the date of valuation at appropriate investment yields to arrive at the capital
          value. The appropriate adjustments/deductions for rent-free period, ongoing vacancy voids/marketing periods and non-
          recoverable expenses for the vacant space have been allowed.
          Direct comparison approach is based on comparing the property to be valued directly with identical or similar assets
          for which price information is available. However, given the heterogeneous nature of real estate properties, appropriate
          adjustments are usually required to allow for any qualitative differences that may affect the price likely to be achieved by
          the property under consideration.
          The valuation technique is summarised in the below table with its significant unobservable inputs.

                                                                                                  Relationship of significant
                                                         Significant unobservable inputs          unobservable inputs to fair value

          Income capitalisation approach                 i)    Capitalisation rate (Blended):     The higher the capitalisation rate, the
                                                               2.90% – 5.30%                      lower the fair value.
                                                               (2021: 3.01% – 5.24%)


                                                         ii)   Net passing income per annum:      The higher the net passing income, the
                                                               HK$0.9M – HK$313.4M                higher the fair value.
                                                               (2021: HK$0.7M – HK$363.9M)


          The investment properties are included in Level 3 (2021: Level 3) of the fair value hierarchy.

     (d) Restrictions under the REIT Code
          Link acquired 100 Market Street in Sydney, The Cabot in London, a 50% interest in Qibao Vanke Plaza in Shanghai, Happy
          Valley Shopping Mall in Guangzhou, 75% interests in two logistics properties in Dongguan and Foshan, two car park/car
          service centres and godown buildings in Hong Kong, the completions of which were on 7 April 2020, 25 August 2020,
          2 April 2021, 28 June 2021, 27 October 2021 and 31 December 2021 respectively. In accordance with the REIT Code,
          Link is prohibited from disposing of its properties (held through a special purpose vehicle or joint venture entity) for at least
          two years from the time such properties are acquired, unless the Unitholders approve the proposed disposal by way of a
          special resolution passed in accordance with the Trust Deed.

     (e) Exchange Adjustments
          The net exchange gain on translation is attributable to the exchange gain on the Group’s investment properties in Mainland
          China amounting to HK$1,227 million and exchange loss on the Group’s investment properties in Australia and the United
          Kingdom amounting to HK$23 million and HK$150 million, respectively. These amounts are included in exchange reserve
          and were partly offset by hedging financial instruments.

     (f) Security for the Group’s Loan Facilities
          As at 31 March 2022, certain of the Group’s investment properties in Mainland China and Australia, amounting to
          approximately HK$4,866 million (2021: HK$3,005 million) and HK$4,112 million (2021: HK$4,038 million) respectively,
          were pledged to secure the Group’s loan facilities totalling HK$3,920 million (2021: HK$3,416 million).




128 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




16 Interests in a Joint Venture
                                                                                                   2022                      2021
                                                                                                  HK$’M                     HK$’M

   Cost of investment in a joint venture                                                           3,252                          –
   Share of post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income                                  504                          –

                                                                                                   3,756                          –


   On 24 February 2021, Link, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a framework agreement and an equity transfer
   agreement to acquire 50% issued share capital of 上海莘寶企業管理有限公司 at an adjusted consideration of RMB2,744
   million (equivalent to approximately HK$3,243 million). Link incurred acquisition-related transaction costs of HK$9 million. The
   transaction was completed on 2 April 2021. 上海莘寶企業管理有限公司 owns the Qibao Vanke Plaza located at 5/3 Qiu,
   620 Block, Qibao Town, Minhang District, Shanghai.
   Link held the following joint venture as at 31 March 2022:

                                                                                                   Particulars of
                             Place of establishment and                                                   issued
                             kind of legal entity/                                                 share capital/
   Name                      place of operations                Principal activities           registered capital     Interest held

   上海莘寶企業管理                  People’s Republic of China,        Property holding and         RMB1,318,010,000                 50%
    有限公司                       limited liability company/         leasing
                               People’s Republic of China


   The Group’s interests in a joint venture amounting to HK$3,756 million as at 31 March 2022 are accounted for using the equity
   method in the consolidated financial statements. No dividend is received from the joint venture during the year. The Manager
   considers that the interests in the joint venture are not material to the Group.
   The financial information related to the Group’s share of joint venture is as follows:

                                                                                                   2022                      2021
                                                                                                  HK$’M                     HK$’M

   Share of net profit                                                                               364                          –
   Share of net property income                                                                      191                          –
   Share of investment properties carried at fair value                                            4,240                          –




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022 129
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




17 Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                  Land,
                                           building and
                                              leasehold         Right-of-           Motor
                                          improvements         use assets         vehicles          Equipment     Total
                                                 HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M               HK$’M     HK$’M

     At 1 April 2021                              1,205                2                1                 93     1,301
     Additions                                        –                5                 –                28        33
     Disposals                                       (2)               –                 –                  –        (2)
     Depreciation charge for the year               (52)              (2)               (1)               (29)      (84)

     At 31 March 2022                             1,151                5                 –                92     1,248

     At 31 March 2022
     Cost                                         1,319                5                6                193     1,523
     Accumulated depreciation                      (168)               –                (6)              (101)    (275)

     Net book value                               1,151                5                 –                92     1,248



     At 1 April 2020                              1,254                7                2                126     1,389
     Additions                                        9                –                 –                15        24
     Disposals                                       (4)               –                 –                (17)      (21)
     Depreciation charge for the year               (54)               (5)              (1)               (31)      (91)

     At 31 March 2021                             1,205                2                1                 93     1,301

     At 31 March 2021
     Cost                                         1,321                9                7                192     1,529
     Accumulated depreciation                      (116)               (7)              (6)               (99)    (228)

     Net book value                               1,205                2                1                 93     1,301




130 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




18 Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
   Financial assets at amortised cost include the following debt investments:

                                                                                                   2022                      2021
                                                                                                  HK$’M                     HK$’M

   Listed corporate bonds                                                                          2,052                     2,712
   Unlisted corporate bonds                                                                           30                        30

                                                                                                   2,082                     2,742


   During the year, the Group disposed of certain listed corporate bonds at an aggregate consideration of HK$221 million and
   resulted in a loss on disposals of HK$11 million.
   During the year, the Group has interest income arising from financial assets at amortised cost amounting to HK$80 million (2021:
   HK$94 million). The carrying amounts of the financial assets at amortised cost are expected to be recovered as below:

                                                                                                   2022                      2021
                                                                                                  HK$’M                     HK$’M

   – Within one year                                                                                 890                       432
   – After one year                                                                                1,192                     2,310

                                                                                                   2,082                     2,742



19 Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                   2022                      2021
                                                                                                  HK$’M                     HK$’M

   Trade receivables                                                                                 329                       320
   Less: provision for impairment of trade receivables                                               (59)                      (67)

   Trade receivables – net                                                                           270                       253
   Other receivables                                                                               1,114                       942

                                                                                                   1,384                     1,195


   The carrying amounts of these receivables approximate their fair values and are expected to be mostly recovered within
   one year.
   There are no specific credit terms given to the tenants. The net trade receivables are mostly covered by the rental deposits/bank
   guarantees from corresponding tenants.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 131
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




19 Trade and Other Receivables (Continued)
     The ageing of trade receivables, presented based on the due date, is as follows:

                                                                                                      2022                    2021
                                                                                                     HK$’M                   HK$’M

     0–30 days                                                                                            216                   181
     31–90 days                                                                                            61                    77
     Over 90 days                                                                                          52                    62

                                                                                                          329                   320


     Monthly rentals are payable in advance by tenants in accordance with the leases while daily gross receipts from car parks are
     received from the car park operators in arrears. Included in the net trade receivables of HK$270 million (2021: HK$253 million)
     presented above were HK$40 million (2021: HK$40 million) of accrued car park income and HK$20 million (2021: HK$19
     million) of accrued turnover rent, which were not yet due as at 31 March 2022.
     Movements on the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                      2022                    2021
                                                                                                     HK$’M                   HK$’M

     At 1 April                                                                                            67                    60
     Provision for impairment of trade receivables                                                          2                    14
     Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible                                              (11)                 (11)
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                    1                    4

     At 31 March                                                                                           59                    67


     The creation and release of provision for impairment of trade receivables have been included in property operating expenses in
     the consolidated income statement. Amounts charged to the provision account will be written off when there is no expectation
     of recovering additional cash.
     The other classes of receivables included in the trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets since the expected
     credit loss of the other receivables is close to zero.
     The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of trade receivables.


20 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Bank Deposits
                                                                                                      2022                    2021
                                                                                                     HK$’M                   HK$’M

     Cash at bank                                                                                        1,584                1,881
     Bank deposits with original maturity of less than three months                                      1,195                  649

                                                                                                         2,779                2,530
     Bank deposits with original maturity of more than three months                                       170                      –

                                                                                                         2,949                2,530


     The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent and bank deposits are expected to be recovered within one year.




132 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




21 Deferred Tax Liabilities
   Deferred taxation is calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method.
   Analysis of net deferred tax liabilities as follows:

                                                                                                     2022                  2021
                                                                                                    HK$’M                 HK$’M

   Deferred tax assets                                                                               (188)                  (173)
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                         3,536                  3,202

                                                                                                    3,348                  3,029


   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be recoverable and settled after one year.
   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year were as follows:

                                                           Investment properties
                                                                 revaluation and
                                                                     accelerated
                                                          depreciation allowance                    Others                 Total
                                                                           HK$’M                    HK$’M                 HK$’M

   At 1 April 2021                                                         3,087                       (58)                3,029
   Exchange adjustments                                                       10                        (1)                       9
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                49                        (6)                   43
   Recognised in the consolidated income statement
     (Note 12)                                                               236                       31                    267

   At 31 March 2022                                                        3,382                       (34)                3,348



   At 1 April 2020                                                         2,879                        (8)                2,871
   Exchange adjustments                                                       14                       12                     26
   Recognised in the consolidated income statement
     (Note 12)                                                               194                       (62)                  132

   At 31 March 2021                                                        3,087                       (58)                3,029


   As at 31 March 2022, the Group has unrecognised tax losses to be carried forward against future taxable income amounted
   to approximately HK$873 million (2021: HK$857 million). These tax losses have no expiry dates except for the tax losses of
   HK$190 million (2021: HK$158 million) which will expire at various dates up to five years from the year in which they arose.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 133
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




22 Long-term Incentive Scheme Provision
                                                                                                     2022                      2021
                                                                                                    HK$’M                     HK$’M

     Long-term incentive scheme provision
     – expected to be settled within one year                                                           72                        35
     – expected to be settled after one year                                                            81                        47

                                                                                                       153                        82


     On 10 July 2017, Link adopted a new long-term incentive scheme (the “2017 LTI Scheme”). Under the 2017 LTI Scheme,
     the Manager may grant restricted unit awards and conditional cash awards to directors of the Manager and key employees
     of the Group.
     During the year, certain directors and employees of the Manager were granted restricted unit awards and conditional cash
     awards at nil monetary consideration under the 2017 LTI Scheme. The restricted unit awards granted under the 2017 LTI
     Scheme, in general, will vest approximately two to three years from the date of grant. Under the 2017 LTI Scheme, units will
     be purchased in the grantees’ favour from open stock market to satisfy restricted units awards vested. For those restricted unit
     awards granted with performance goals, the eventual numbers of units to be purchased in each grantee’s favour upon vesting
     are linked to the performance of Link based on the total Unitholders return, net property income or certain vesting conditions.
     Conditional cash awards were also granted in conjunction with the restricted unit awards, bestowing upon each grantee a
     conditional right to receive a cash payment representing an amount equivalent to the aggregate of the distributions during the
     vesting period, catch-up adjustments and ex-gratia payments pursuant to the 2017 LTI scheme, if applicable.
     During the year, the Group purchased 264,634 units (2021: 515,483 units) from the market for restricted units awards which
     have vested in accordance with the 2017 LTI Scheme.
     During the vesting period, a liability is recognised representing the estimated value of the awards granted under both the 2017
     LTI Scheme and the portion of the vesting period expired as at the reporting date. The value of the awards was estimated
     at the reporting date by Towers Watson Hong Kong Limited, an independent external valuer based on valuation techniques
     and assumptions on unit prices, outstanding length of the awards, distribution pay-out rates and other market conditions, if
     appropriate. The change in value of the outstanding awards was charged to the consolidated income statement. In the event
     that the vesting conditions are not met, the amount previously accrued will be written back accordingly.




134 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




22 Long-term Incentive Scheme Provision (Continued)
   Movements in the number of restricted unit awards during the year and the maximum number of units to be vested upon
   vesting of restricted unit awards are as follows:


                                                    Outstanding      Granted      Vested      Cancelled     Lapsed       Outstanding     Maximum to
                                                            as at      during      during        during      during             as at    be vested on
   Date of grant     Vesting period                 1 April 2021     the year   the year(i)    the year    the year    31 March 2022    vesting date(ii)

   2017 LTI Scheme
   4 July 2018       4 July 2018 to 30 June 2021        420,621             –   (237,799)       (6,500)    (176,322)               –                  –


   5 July 2019       5 July 2019 to 30 June 2021        476,108             –    (26,835)       (5,361)    (443,912)                –                 –


                     5 July 2019 to 30 June 2022        476,107             –      (5,733)           –       (5,970)         464,404        1,055,634


   29 July 2020      29 July 2020 to 30 June 2022       789,237             –      (8,929)            –     (11,409)         768,899          768,899


                     29 July 2020 to 30 June 2023       789,237             –      (8,929)            –     (11,409)         768,899          768,899


   7 July 2021       7 July 2021 to 30 June 2023               –     613,601       (8,347)            –      (7,836)         597,418        1,001,072(iii)


                     7 July 2021 to 30 June 2024               –     613,647       (8,349)           –       (7,837)         597,461        1,001,141(iii)

   2021/2022 total                                    2,951,310     1,227,248   (304,921)      (11,861)    (664,695)       3,197,081        4,595,645

   2020/2021 total                                    2,186,985     1,645,096   (515,483)      (13,500)    (536,011)       2,951,310        4,661,384


   Notes:
   (i)   Restricted unit award vesting percentages during the year ranged from 0% to 100%.
   (ii) If certain vesting conditions are met.
   (iii) Additional units beyond these amounts are subject to approval of the Remuneration Committee of the Manager.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021/2022 135
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




23 Other Liabilities
                                                                                                                        2022                           2021
                                                                                                                       HK$’M                          HK$’M

     Amount due to a non-controlling interest                                                                           3,862                          3,844
     Non-controlling interest put option obligation                                                                         86                           204

                                                                                                                        3,948                          4,048


     Notes:
     (i)    On 23 February 2015, the Group, through a non-wholly owned subsidiary (the “Project Company”, in which Link has an indirect 60%
            interest and Nan Fung Development Limited (“Nan Fung”) has an indirect 40% interest), acquired 77 Hoi Bun Road in Kowloon East for
            commercial development. For the purpose of funding the commercial development, Nan Fung, a non-controlling interest of the Project
            Company has contributed cash in proportion to the shareholding ratio to the Project Company. The amount due to a non-controlling interest is
            unsecured, interest bearing at an effective interest rate of 2.3% (2021: 2.8%), and has no fixed repayment term. Such amount including any
            accrued interest will be repaid from the Project Company’s surplus cash after meeting its payment obligations.
     (ii) Pursuant to the shareholders’ agreement, Nan Fung has a right to exercise a put option to require Link to purchase all the issued shares Nan
          Fung holds in the Project Company at the then fair market value, after the second anniversary of the issuance of the Certificate of Compliance
          for the commercial property development and certain conditions have been satisfied. The non-controlling interest put option obligation was
          recognised as a financial liability based on a valuation performed by Crowe Horwath First Trust Appraisal Pte Ltd, an independent firm
          of professional qualified valuers. The valuer has used discounted cash flow as the valuation technique. The valuation is based on various
          assumptions and calculated by reference to a number of unobservable inputs, including the estimated fair value of the equity interests of the
          Project Company at the expected time of exercise of the put option, the expected time of exercise itself, the cash flow and the discount rate
          used. The Manager held discussions with the valuer and reviewed all significant inputs used. Discussions of the valuation processes and
          results at each reporting date are held between the Manager and the valuer. Fair value of the put option obligation is included in Level 3
          (2021: Level 3) of the fair value hierarchy. If the estimated fair value of the equity interests of the Project Company at the time of exercise is
          higher, the fair value of the put option obligation would also be higher. If the expected time of exercise is later or if the discount rate is higher,
          then the fair value of the put option obligation would be lower.


     The movement of non-controlling interest put option obligation during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                                        2022                           2021
                                                                                                                       HK$’M                          HK$’M

     At 1 April                                                                                                           204                            530
     Recognised in the consolidated income statement:
           – Fair value gain (Note 9)                                                                                    (118)                          (326)

     At 31 March                                                                                                            86                           204




136 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




24 Interest Bearing Liabilities

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                              HK$’M                   HK$’M

   Unsecured bank borrowings                                                                 18,633                   14,448
   Secured bank borrowings                                                                     3,920                   3,416
   Medium term notes                                                                         23,161                   16,770

                                                                                             45,714                   34,634


   The carrying amounts interest bearing liabilities are expected to be settled as below:


                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                              HK$’M                   HK$’M

   Due in the first year
     Unsecured bank borrowings                                                                 4,297                   1,751
     Secured bank borrowings                                                                    209                       56
     Medium term notes                                                                         1,229                   1,441

                                                                                               5,735                   3,248

   Due in the second year
     Unsecured bank borrowings                                                                 8,205                    299
     Secured bank borrowings                                                                    215                       78
     Medium term notes                                                                             –                   1,228

                                                                                               8,420                   1,605

   Due in the third year
     Unsecured bank borrowings                                                                 1,635                   8,038
     Secured bank borrowings                                                                    174                       89
     Medium term notes                                                                         6,624                       –

                                                                                               8,433                   8,127

   Due in the fourth year
     Unsecured bank borrowings                                                                 3,005                   1,249
     Secured bank borrowings                                                                   2,755                      89
     Medium term notes                                                                         1,877                   4,692

                                                                                               7,637                   6,030

   Due in the fifth year
     Unsecured bank borrowings                                                                 1,491                   3,111
     Secured bank borrowings                                                                    157                    2,725
     Medium term notes                                                                         6,014                   1,899

                                                                                               7,662                   7,735




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021/2022 137
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




24 Interest Bearing Liabilities (Continued)

                                                                                                                   2022                          2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’M                         HK$’M

     Due beyond the fifth year
           Secured bank borrowings                                                                                    410                          379
           Medium term notes                                                                                        7,417                        7,510

                                                                                                                    7,827                        7,889

                                                                                                                  45,714                        34,634


     Notes:
     (i)    After taking into account the cross currency swap contracts, except for bank borrowings of HK$5,625 million (2021: HK$2,834 million),
            HK$3,996 million (2021: HK$3,861 million) and HK$3,759 million (2021: HK$3,833 million) which are denominated in Renminbi, Australian
            Dollars and British Pound Sterling respectively, all the other interest bearing liabilities are denominated in Hong Kong Dollars.
     (ii) As a result of the global interest rate benchmark reform, the Group has switched all of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)-based
          bank borrowings of HK$2,047 million with Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) during the year. After taking into account the cross
          currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts, the effective interest rate of the interest bearing liabilities which are denominated
          in Hong Kong Dollars as at 31 March 2022 was 2.21% (2021: 2.40%) and that of the interest bearing liabilities which are denominated
          in Renminbi, Australian Dollars and British Pound Sterling was 3.68% (2021: 3.84%), 1.13% (2021: 1.06%) and 1.44% (2021: 1.02%)
          respectively.


25 Convertible Bonds
     On 3 April 2019, the Group issued HK$4 billion convertible bonds at 1.6% per annum due 2024. These bonds are convertible
     into new Link units at an initial conversion price of HK$109.39 per unit at the option of the bondholder. Link has the option to
     redeem the bonds if the closing price of the units is 130% or above the initial conversion price while bondholders have the right
     to require Link to redeem all or some only of the bonds on 3 April 2022. The convertible bonds are unsecured. The effective
     interest rate of the convertible bonds at 31 March 2022 was 3.12% (2021: 3.12%).
     On 4 April 2022, the Group has, at the option of the bondholders, redeemed part of the bonds at an aggregate principal amount
     of HK$3.213 billion representing approximately 80.3% of the initial principal amount of the bonds, together with interest
     accrued up to the date fixed for redemption but unpaid. All the redeemed bonds were cancelled on 4 April 2022.

                                                                                                                   2022                          2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’M                         HK$’M

     Liability component
     At 1 April                                                                                                     3,970                        3,910
     Finance costs (Note 9)                                                                                           125                          125
     Interest expenses paid                                                                                           (64)                          (65)

     At 31 March                                                                                                    4,031                        3,970

     Derivative component
     At 1 April                                                                                                        32                              –
     Change in fair value (Note 9)                                                                                    (32)                           32

     At 31 March                                                                                                         –                           32

                                                                                                                    4,031                        4,002




138 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




26 Derivative Financial Instruments

                                                                                                                  2022                          2021
                                                                                                                 HK$’M                         HK$’M

   Derivative assets
   Designated as cash flow hedge
   – interest rate swap contracts                                                                                   404                            43
   Designated as fair value hedge
   – cross currency swap contracts                                                                                     9                          146
   – interest rate swap contracts                                                                                       –                          18
   Not designated as hedging instruments
   – cross currency swap contracts                                                                                      –                          11
   – forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                                1                             –

                                                                                                                    414                           218

   Derivative liabilities
   Designated as cash flow hedge
   – interest rate swap contracts                                                                                       –                          (11)
   Designated as fair value hedge
   – cross currency swap contracts                                                                                 (241)                            (2)
   – interest rate swap contracts                                                                                     (7)                            –
   Designated as net investment hedge
   – cross currency swap contracts                                                                                   (93)                            –
   Not designated as hedging instruments
   – cross currency swap contracts                                                                                   (81)                        (116)
   – forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                               (7)                            –

                                                                                                                   (429)                         (129)

   Net derivative (liabilities)/assets                                                                               (15)                          89


   Notes:
   (i)   The fair values of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market are determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation
         techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all
         significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
   (ii) The fair values of cross currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts are calculated by reference to the present values of the
        estimated future cash flows, taking into account market observable yield curves and forward exchange rates at each reporting date. The fair
        values of forward foreign exchange contracts are determined using forward exchange market rates at each reporting rate. Cross currency
        swap contract, interest rate swap contracts and forward foreign exchange contracts are included in Level 2 (2021: Level 2) of the fair value
        hierarchy.


   The carrying amounts of net derivative (liabilities)/assets are expected to be settled as below:


                                                                                                                  2022                          2021
                                                                                                                 HK$’M                         HK$’M

   After one year                                                                                                    (15)                          89




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 139
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




26 Derivative Financial Instruments (Continued)
     The Group uses cross currency swap contracts (swapping from foreign currencies to Hong Kong Dollars) and interest rate
     swap contracts to minimise its exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates in relation to its
     interest bearing liabilities. Any change in fair values of the effective portion of the cash flow hedges in relation to interest rate
     swap contracts is recognised in the hedging reserve. Any change in fair values of the fair value hedges in relation to interest rate
     swap contracts and any change in fair value of cross currency swap contracts are recognised directly in the consolidated income
     statement. A net amount of HK$372 million (2021: HK$120 million) had been credited to the hedging reserve during the year as
     further set out in Note 29.
     As at 31 March 2022, the derivative financial instruments qualifying as cash flow hedges have, in effect, provided the Group
     with an average fixed interest rate period of 3.53 years on HK$10,048 million borrowings (2021: 4.68 years on HK$8,654
     million borrowings) from the reporting date. The notional principal amount and the weighted average fixed interest rate of the
     outstanding floating rates to fixed rates interest rate swap contracts as at 31 March 2022 were HK$10,048 million (2021:
     HK$8,654 million) and 0.73% (2021: 0.77%) respectively.
     As at 31 March 2022, the derivative financial instruments qualifying as fair value hedges have, in effect, converted part of the
     Group borrowings into Hong Kong Dollars fixed rate and floating rates interest bearing liabilities. The notional principal amounts
     of the outstanding cross currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts qualifying as fair value hedges as at 31
     March 2022 were HK$12,431 million (2021: HK$7,753 million) and HK$400 million (2021: HK$400 million) respectively.
     Gains and losses on interest rate swap contracts recognised in the hedging reserve (Note 29) as at 31 March 2022 will be
     released to the consolidated income statement at settlement.
     As at 31 March 2022, the derivative financial instruments qualifying as net investment hedges have, in effect, converted part of
     the Group’s net investment in Mainland China attributable to changes in the HK$/RMB spot rate. The notional principal amounts
     of the outstanding cross currency swap contracts qualifying as net investment hedges as at 31 March 2022 was HK$2,276
     million (2021: Nil).
     As at 31 March 2022, the Group has outstanding cross currency swap contracts that are not designated for hedge accounting
     and the notional principal amounts were HK$4,148 million (2021: HK$3,754 million).
     As at 31 March 2022, the Group has outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts of selling Renminbi 803 million (2021:
     Nil), Australian Dollars 33 million (2021: Nil) and British Pound Sterling 10 million (2021: Nil) against Hong Kong Dollars. These
     forward contracts were entered for the purpose of locking in part of the Group’s future Renminbi denominated net income in
     Mainland China, Australian Dollars denominated net income in Australia, and British Pound Sterling denominated net income in
     the United Kingdom in Hong Kong Dollars term, and are not designated for hedge accounting.
     The Group’s hedging reserves disclosed in Note 29 relate to the following hedging instruments:


                                                                                          Interest rate swaps
                                                                                                designated as                  Hedging
                                                                                             cash flow hedge                    reserve
                                                                                                       HK$’M                     HK$’M

     At 1 April 2021                                                                                       32                        32
     Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised
       in other comprehensive income                                                                     312                        312
     Reclassified from other comprehensive income to
       consolidated income statement                                                                       60                        60

     At 31 March 2022                                                                                    404                        404

     At 1 April 2020                                                                                      (88)                       (88)
     Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised
       in other comprehensive income                                                                       63                        63
     Reclassified from other comprehensive income to
       consolidated income statement                                                                       57                        57

     At 31 March 2021                                                                                      32                        32




140 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




27 Trade Payables, Receipts in Advance and Accruals
                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                                HK$’M                HK$’M

   Trade payables                                                                                  104                   58
   Receipts in advance                                                                             522                  401
   Accruals                                                                                      2,074                2,045

                                                                                                 2,700                2,504


   The carrying amounts of these payables approximate their fair values and are expected to be settled as below:

                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                                HK$’M                HK$’M

   Within one year                                                                               2,695                2,502
   After one year                                                                                    5                    2

                                                                                                 2,700                2,504


   The ageing of trade payables, presented based on the due date, is as follows:

                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                                HK$’M                HK$’M

   0–30 days                                                                                        65                   42
   31–90 days                                                                                        6                    6
   Over 90 days                                                                                     33                   10

                                                                                                   104                   58




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021/2022 141
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28 Units in Issue
                                                                                                  2022                         2021
                                                                                        Number of units              Number of units

     At 1 April                                                                           2,081,862,866               2,057,898,386
     Units bought back for cancellation                                                      (1,264,000)                  (6,000,000)
     Units issued under distribution reinvestment scheme                                     29,594,984                  29,964,480

     At 31 March                                                                          2,110,193,850               2,081,862,866


     Pursuant to the general mandate granted to the Manager by the Unitholders, the Manager (on behalf of Link) bought back a total
     of 1,264,000 units (2021: 6,000,000 units) at an aggregate price of HK$82 million (2021: HK$379 million). All units bought
     back were cancelled during the year.
     During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Manager issued and allotted 29,594,984 units in total pursuant to the distribution
     reinvestment scheme in respect of the interim distribution for the six months ended 30 September 2021 and the final
     distribution for the financial year ended 31 March 2021.
     Closing price of the units as at 31 March 2022 was HK$67.00 (2021: HK$70.80) per unit. Based on 2,110,193,850 units in issue
     as at 31 March 2022 (2021: 2,081,862,866 units), market capitalisation was HK$141,383 million (2021: HK$147,396 million).


29 Unitholders’ Equity
                                                                                                       Earnings
                                                                                                    retained for
                                                                    Hedging         Exchange             reserve
                                                                     reserve          reserve      adjustments                Total
                                                                      HK$’M            HK$’M              HK$’M              HK$’M

     At 1 April 2021                                                      32              (22)                (10)                 –

     Cash flow hedges:
     – Change in fair values                                            312                  –                  –               312
     – Amount transferred to the consolidated income
        statement (Note (i))                                              60                 –                  –                60

                                                                        372                  –                  –               372

     Foreign currency translations:
     – Exchange gain on translation of financial statements                –            1,326                   –             1,326
     – Change in fair value of net investment hedges                       –             (137)                  –              (137)

                                                                           –            1,189                   –             1,189

     Net assets attributable to Unitholders:
     – Amount arising from reserve movements (Note (ii))                   –                 –             (1,561)            (1,561)

     At 31 March 2022                                                   404             1,167              (1,571)                 –




142 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29 Unitholders’ Equity (Continued)
                                                                                                                   Earnings
                                                                                                                retained for
                                                                            Hedging           Exchange               reserve
                                                                             reserve            reserve        adjustments                   Total
                                                                              HK$’M              HK$’M                HK$’M                 HK$’M

   At 1 April 2020                                                                (88)            (2,071)               2,159                    –

   Cash flow hedges:
   – Change in fair values                                                        63                    –                    –                 63
   – Amount transferred to the consolidated
      income statement (Note (i))                                                 57                    –                    –                 57

                                                                                 120                    –                    –                120

   Foreign currency translations:
   – Exchange gain on translation of financial statements                           –              2,099                     –              2,099
   – Change in fair value of net investment hedges                                  –                 (50)                   –                 (50)

                                                                                    –              2,049                     –              2,049

   Net assets attributable to Unitholders:
   – Amount arising from reserve movements (Note (ii))                              –                   –               (2,169)             (2,169)

   At 31 March 2021                                                               32                  (22)                 (10)                  –


   Notes:
   (i)   Amount transferred to the consolidated income statement in respect of cash flow hedges was included in “Finance costs” (Note 9).
   (ii) The amount represented earnings retained for the year to offset the reserve movements.


30 Note to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
   (a) Net Cash Generated From Operating Activities
                                                                                                              2022                           2021
                                                                                                             HK$’M                          HK$’M

          Profit before taxation and transactions with Unitholders                                            8,136                         1,844
          Long-term incentive scheme awards                                                                     118                            14
          Depreciation charge                                                                                     84                           91
          Loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment                                                       2                           21
          Interest income                                                                                        (98)                        (126)
          Finance costs                                                                                       1,005                           770
          Loss on disposals of financial assets at amortised cost                                                 11                             –
          Share of net profit of a joint venture                                                               (364)                             –
          Exchange difference                                                                                    (31)                          40
          Change in fair values of investment properties and impairment of goodwill                            (426)                        5,322
          Increase in trade and other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                    (411)                         (130)
          Increase/(decrease) in trade payables, receipts in advance and accruals                                 73                         (299)
          Increase/(decrease) in security deposits                                                              114                            (22)
          Long-term incentive scheme settled                                                                     (47)                          (68)
          Income tax paid                                                                                    (1,468)                         (379)

          Net cash generated from operating activities                                                        6,698                         7,078


                                                                                                                Annual Report 2021/2022 143
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




30 Note to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
     (b) Major Non-cash Transactions
          During the year, distributions amounting to HK$2,020 million (2021: HK$1,954 million) were paid to Unitholders in the
          form of additional units under the distribution reinvestment scheme.

     (c) Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities
                                                                                                                     Amount
                                                          Interest                                Derivative    due to a non-
                                                          bearing     Convertible                   financial     controlling
                                                        liabilities       bonds     Accruals    instruments           interest    Total
                                                           HK$’M          HK$’M      HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M     HK$’M

          As at 1 April 2021                              34,634           4,002         72              (89)           3,844    42,463

          Changes from financing cash flows
             Proceeds from interest bearing
                liabilities, net of transaction costs     25,237               –           –               –                –    25,237
             Repayment of interest bearing
               liabilities                               (14,948)              –           –               –                –    (14,948)
             Increase in amount due to a
                non-controlling interest                         –             –           –               –               29        29
             Interest paid                                       –           (64)      (802)             (20)             (92)     (978)
             Payment of lease liabilities                        –             –          (2)              –                –         (2)

          Total changes from financing activities         10,289             (64)      (804)             (20)             (63)    9,338

          Non-cash changes
             Acquisition of subsidiaries                   1,164               –           –               –                –     1,164
             Changes in fair values of cash flow
               hedges                                            –             –           –           (312)                –      (312)
             Changes in fair values of fair
               value hedges                                  (400)             –           –            400                 –          –
             Finance costs                                     51             93        866               36               81     1,127
             Exchange adjustments and others                  (24)             –          1                –                –        (23)

          Total non-cash changes                              791             93        867             124                81     1,956

          As at 31 March 2022                             45,714           4,031        135               15            3,862    53,757




144 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




30 Note to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
   (c) Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities (Continued)
                                                                                                                  Amount
                                                       Interest                                Derivative    due to a non-
                                                       bearing     Convertible                   financial     controlling
                                                     liabilities       bonds     Accruals    instruments           interest    Total
                                                        HK$’M          HK$’M      HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M     HK$’M

       As at 1 April 2020                              30,688           3,910        101             (143)           3,777    38,333

       Changes from financing cash flows
          Proceeds from interest bearing
             liabilities, net of transaction costs     20,627               –           –               –                –    20,627
          Repayment of interest bearing
            liabilities                               (17,458)              –          –                –                –    (17,458)
          Increase in amount due to a
             non-controlling interest                         –             –           –               –               49        49
          Interest paid                                       –           (65)      (759)             (26)             (78)     (928)
          Payment of lease liabilities                        –             –          (5)              –                –         (5)

       Total changes from financing activities          3,169             (65)      (764)             (26)             (29)    2,285

       Non-cash changes
          Changes in fair values of cash flow
            hedges                                            –             –           –             (63)               –        (63)
          Changes in fair values of fair
            value hedges                                   (69)             –           –              69                –          –
          Finance costs                                     47            157        734               74               96     1,108
          Exchange adjustments and others                  799              –          1                –                –       800

       Total non-cash changes                              777            157        735               80               96     1,845

       As at 31 March 2021                             34,634           4,002         72              (89)           3,844    42,463




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022 145
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31 Acquisition of Assets
     On 4 June 2021, Link, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a sales and purchase agreement to acquire the entire
     issued share capital of HK PD20 Holding Limited at an adjusted consideration of RMB2,108 million (equivalent to approximately
     HK$2,530 million), which is the sole owner of the entire registered capital of 廣州弦夢管理諮詢有限公司, which in turn is the
     sole owner of the entire registered capital of 廣州陛鹿物業管理有限公司. Link incurred acquisition-related transaction costs of
     HK$10 million. The transaction was completed on 28 June 2021. 廣州陛鹿物業管理有限公司 owns the Happy Valley Shopping
     Mall located at No. 36 Machang Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou.
     On 23 September 2021, Link, 1) through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a sales and purchase agreement to acquire
     75% issued capital of Jia Hua United Warehouse Investment Limited at an adjusted consideration of RMB547 million (equivalent
     to approximately HK$666 million), which in turn is the sole owner of the entire registered capital of 東莞嘉田倉儲有限公司;
     and 2) through a 75% owned subsidiary, entered into a framework agreement and an equity transfer agreement to acquire the
     entire registered capital of 佛山正聯倉儲有限公司 at an adjusted consideration of RMB219 million (equivalent to approximately
     HK$266 million). Link incurred acquisition-related transaction costs of HK$9 million in total. The transactions were completed on
     27 October 2021. 東莞嘉田倉儲有限公司 and 佛山正聯倉儲有限公司 own the logistics properties located at 281 Yanhe Road,
     Shatian, Dongguan and Heng’er Road, Sanshui, Foshan respectively.
     On 10 November 2021, Link, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, entered into sales and purchase agreements to acquire
     the entire issued share capital of Apollo Luck Limited and Zung Fu Land Investment Limited (now known as Instant Success
     Ventures (HK) Limited) at the final considerations of HK$2,695 million and HK$3,123 million respectively. Link incurred
     acquisition-related transaction costs of HK$12 million in total. The transactions were completed on 31 December 2021. Apollo
     Luck Limited and Zung Fu Land Investment Limited own the car park/car services centres and godown buildings located at No.
     60 Ka Yip Street, Chai Wan and No. 50 Po Loi Street, Hung Hom respectively.
     The above acquisitions have been accounted for by the Group as acquisitions of assets as the entities acquired by the Group do
     not constitute a business.
     The assets and liabilities arising from the acquisitions are as follows:

                                                                                                         Car park/
                                                                                                       car services
                                                                                                       centres and
                                                                   Happy Valley          Logistics         godown
                                                                  Shopping Mall         properties       buildings            Total
                                                                        HK$’M              HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M

     Investment properties (Note 15)                                       3,857            1,619            5,872           11,348
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                   53           248                –              301
     Other borrowings                                                           (713)           –                –             (713)
     Other net liabilities                                                       (68)         (39)             (42)            (149)
     Bank borrowings                                                            (589)        (575)               –           (1,164)
     Non-controlling interests                                                     –         (312)               –             (312)

     Purchase consideration                                                2,540              941            5,830            9,311
     Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                          (53)        (248)               –             (301)

     Cash outflow on acquisitions                                          2,487              693            5,830            9,010



32 Capital Commitments

                                                                                                      2022                    2021
                                                                                                     HK$’M                   HK$’M

     Capital expenditure of investment properties contracted but not provided
       for at the end of the year                                                                    3,568                      709




146 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                 Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




33 Connected Party Transactions and Significant Related Party Transactions
   and Balances
   Information required to be disclosed concerning related party transactions is set out in this note unless disclosed elsewhere in
   these consolidated financial statements.

   (a) Nature of Relationship with Connected/Related Parties
        The table set forth below summarises the names of the connected/related parties, as defined in the REIT Code/HKAS 24
        (Revised) “Related Party Disclosures”, and the nature of their relationship with the Group as at 31 March 2022:

        Connected/related party                                                                                    Relationship with the Group

        HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited (the “Trustee”)                                                       The Trustee of Link
        The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries                                       Associates# of the Trustee
          (excluding the Trustee and its proprietary subsidiaries) (the “HSBC Group”)
        Aedas Limited and Aedas Beijing Limited                                                                             Associates# of director

        #
               “Associate” has the meaning ascribed to it under the REIT Code.


   (b) Significant Transactions with Connected/Related Parties
        The following significant transactions recognised under HKFRSs were carried out with connected/related parties:

                                                                                                               2022                         2021
                                                                                                              HK$’M                        HK$’M

        Trustee’s fee paid and payable to the Trustee (Note (ii))                                                 (16)                           (15)
        Transactions with the HSBC Group (Notes (iii) and (iv))
              Interest expense and various financing charges to the HSBC Group on
                 interest bearing liabilities, cross currency swap contracts and interest
                 rate swap contracts                                                                              (52)                           (65)
              Rental income from the HSBC Group on leasing of retail units                                         36                            35
              Interest income from the HSBC Group on bank deposits                                                 12                            17
        Architectural/renovation consultancy services fees paid and payable to
          Aedas Limited and Aedas Beijing Limited (Notes (iii) and (v))                                            (4)                            (7)


        Notes:
        (i)    All connected/related party transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing the
               transactions and in the ordinary course of business.
        (ii) The Trustee is entitled to receive an annual trustee’s fee (calculated and paid monthly) at rates ranging from 0.006% per annum to
             0.015% per annum (2021: ranging from 0.006% per annum to 0.015% per annum) of the latest property value as determined in the
             latest annual valuation report of an independent property valuer recommended by the Manager and appointed by the Trustee for and
             on behalf of Link from time to time, subject to a minimum of HK$150,000 per month.
        (iii) The transactions were entered at arm’s length on normal commercial terms and in compliance with Link’s procurement policy.
        (iv) HSBC Group and the Trustee are members of the same group and HSBC Group is considered a related party of the Group.
        (v) Aedas Limited and Aedas Beijing Limited are associates of Mr Ian Keith GRIFFITHS.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021/2022 147
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




33 Connected Party Transactions and Significant Related Party Transactions
   and Balances (Continued)
     (c) Significant Balances with Related Parties
          Significant Balances with related parties are set out below:


                                                                                                    2022                      2021
                                                                                                   HK$’M                     HK$’M

          Trustee’s fee payable to the Trustee                                                          (1)                       (1)
          Interest bearing liabilities with the HSBC Group                                          (1,359)                   (2,531)
          Net interest receivable from the HSBC Group                                                    2                         2
          Security deposits from the HSBC Group                                                         (3)                       (3)
          Cross currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts with the
            HSBC Group                                                                                  (2)                      31
          Deposits placed with the HSBC Group                                                       1,117                     1,688
          Architectural/renovation consultancy services fees payable to
            Aedas Limited and Aedas Beijing Limited                                                     (1)                       (4)


     (d) Key Management Compensation
          As at 31 March 2022, key management comprised two Executive Directors, 10 Non-Executive Directors and 9 senior
          management staff (2021: two Executive Directors, 11 Non-Executive Directors and 9 senior management staff).
          Further details of the remuneration of the Directors on a named basis are disclosed in highlighted sections of the Corporate
          Governance Report with a heading of “Audited” on pages 26 to 28. These sections form the “Audited” part of Corporate
          Governance Report and are part of the financial statements.
          The aggregate amounts of emoluments of the key management staff of the Group for the year are as follows:


                                                                                                    2022                      2021
                                                                                                   HK$’M                     HK$’M

          Fees                                                                                          11                       10
          Basic salaries, allowances and other benefits                                               123                       100
          Long–term incentive scheme awards                                                             97                       13

                                                                                                      231                       123




148 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




33 Connected Party Transactions and Significant Related Party Transactions
   and Balances (Continued)
   (d) Key Management Compensation (Continued)
      The amounts reflected in the emolument bands below are those in the financial statements under HKFRSs in the year
      2021/2022, and include short term remuneration paid in cash and portion of the long-term incentive scheme recognised
      (although a portion of which has not been vested) in the year 2021/2022 attributable to the Executive Directors and
      senior management.


                                                                                                             2022                          2021
                                                                                                       Number of                     Number of
      Emolument bands (Note (i))                                                                       individuals                   individuals

      HK$3,000,001 – HK$5,000,000                                                                                 –                            3
      HK$5,000,001 – HK$7,000,000                                                                                 3                            4
      HK$7,000,001 – HK$9,000,000                                                                                 2                            3
      HK$9,000,001 – HK$10,000,000                                                                                1                             –
      HK$10,500,001 – HK$11,000,000                                                                               1                             –
      HK$14,000,001 – HK$14,500,000                                                                               –                            1(b)
      HK$16,000,001 – HK$16,500,000                                                                               1                             –
      HK$16,500,001 – HK$17,000,000                                                                               1                             –
      HK$27,500,001 – HK$28,000,000                                                                               1(b)                          –
      HK$31,500,001 – HK$32,000,000                                                                               –                            1(a)
      HK$97,000,001 – HK$97,500,000                                                                               1(a)                          –

      Total number of Executive Directors and senior management                                                  11                           12

      Notes:
      (i)   The calculation of the total remuneration for the emolument bands is based on the value of the long-term incentive awards recognised
            during the year and the short term remuneration paid and recognised during the year.
      (ii) Emoluments paid and recognised for the Executive Directors, Mr George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY(a) and Mr Kok Siong NG(b). Details
           are set out in the “Remuneration Awarded to Executive Directors” section on pages 26 to 27. The respective emoluments include the
           portion of the long – term incentive scheme recognised for the year, which the details are set out in the “Long – term Incentive Scheme”
           section on pages 74 to 77. The remaining is the paid short – term remuneration.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022 149
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




33 Connected Party Transactions and Significant Related Party Transactions
   and Balances (Continued)
     (d) Key Management Compensation (Continued)
          The five highest paid individuals for the year include two (2021: two) directors whose emoluments are reflected in the
          above emolument bands. The emoluments paid and recognised to the remaining three (2021: three) individuals during the
          year are as follows:


                                                                                                     2022                2021
                                                                                                    HK$’M               HK$’M

          Basic salaries, other allowances and benefits in kind                                          11                 10
          Discretionary bonus                                                                            19                 11
          Long–term incentive scheme awards                                                              14                  4

                                                                                                         44                 25



34 Future Minimum Rental Receivables
     As at 31 March 2022, the analysis of the Group’s aggregate future minimum rental income receivables under non-cancellable
     operating leases is as follows:


                                                                                                     2022                2021
                                                                                                    HK$’M               HK$’M

     Within one year                                                                                 6,704               6,437
     Between one and five years                                                                      9,871               9,989
     Beyond five years                                                                               1,878               2,508

                                                                                                   18,453               18,934



     Most of the operating leases are on fixed terms and for terms of three years (2021: three years).




150 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




35 Principal Subsidiaries
   Link held the following principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022:


                                                                                                                         Particulars of
                                                 Place of establishment and                                               issued share
                                                 kind of legal entity/                                               capital/registered
   Name                                          place of operations                         Principal activities               capital   Interest held

   Directly held:
   The Link Holdings Limited                     Cayman Islands, limited liability           Investment holding                  US$1           100%
                                                   company/Hong Kong
   Link Asset Management Limited                 Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Asset management         HK$22,000,000             100%
                                                   Hong Kong
   Indirectly held:
   Afford Limited                                Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding      HK$160,539,360             100%
                                                   Hong Kong
   Apollo Luck Limited                           British Virgin Islands, limited liability   Property holding and                US$1           100%
                                                    company/Hong Kong                           leasing
   Atlantic Best Limited                         Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding                  HK$2           100%
                                                   Hong Kong
   保怡物業管理 ( 深圳 ) 有限公司                            People’s Republic of China, limited         Property holding and      US$39,500,000            100%
    (Baoyi Property Management                     liability company/People’s Republic          leasing
    (Shenzhen) Company Limited)                    of China
   北京亞騰房地產經營管理有限公司                               People’s Republic of China, limited         Property holding and    US$162,500,000             100%
    (Beijing Yateng Real Estate                    liability company/People’s Republic          leasing
    Management Company Limited)                    of China
   Cabot (HK) Limited                            Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding                  HK$1           100%
                                                   Hong Kong
   Cabot Square Retail S.à r.l.                  Luxembourg, limited liability company/      Property holding and          GBP11,000            100%
                                                    United Kingdom                              leasing
   Caribbean Hero (HK) Limited                   Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding                  HK$1           100%
                                                   Hong Kong
   Century Land Investment Limited               Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Property holding and                HK$1             60%
                                                   Hong Kong                                    leasing
   China East Investment Limited                 Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding             HK$5,000            100%
                                                   Hong Kong
   東莞嘉田倉儲有限公司                                    People’s Republic of China, limited         Property holding and    RMB317,000,000               75%
                                                   liability company/People’s Republic          leasing
                                                   of China
   益颯美置業（天津）有限公司                                 People’s Republic of China, limited         Property holding and   RMB1,242,300,418            100%
    (ECM Property Holding (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.)     liability company/People’s Republic          leasing
                                                   of China
   First Venture R.E. Limited                    Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding                  HK$1           100%
                                                   Hong Kong
   佛山正聯倉儲有限公司                                    People’s Republic of China, limited         Property holding and    RMB138,000,000               75%
                                                   liability company/People’s Republic          leasing
                                                   of China
   Great Land (HK) Limited                       Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Property holding and       HK$1,000,000            100%
                                                   Hong Kong                                    leasing
   廣州牽晴匯房地產有限公司                                  People’s Republic of China, limited         Property holding and    RMB600,000,000             100%
    (Guangzhou Qian Qing Hui                       liability company/People’s Republic          leasing
    Real Estate Company Limited)                   of China
   廣州弦夢管理諮詢有限公司                                  People’s Republic of China, limited         Investment holding      US$205,200,000             100%
                                                   liability company/People’s Republic
                                                   of China




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 151
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




35 Principal Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                                                        Particulars of
                                                 Place of establishment and                                              issued share
                                                 kind of legal entity/                                              capital/registered
     Name                                        place of operations                         Principal activities              capital   Interest held

     Indirectly held (Continued):
     廣州陛鹿物業管理有限公司                                People’s Republic of China, limited         Property holding and     RMB1,000,000             100%
                                                   liability company/People’s Republic          leasing
                                                   of China
     HK PD20 Holding Limited                     Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding       HK$1,002,261             100%
                                                   Hong Kong
     Instant Success Ventures (HK) Limited       Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Property holding and         HK$10,000            100%
        (formerly known as Zung Fu Land            Hong Kong                                    leasing
        Investment Limited)
     Jia Hua United Warehouse Investment         Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding      HK$50,000,000               75%
         Limited                                   Hong Kong
     Link Asset Management (Australia) Pty Ltd   Australia, limited liability company/       Corporate management               AU$1           100%
                                                   Australia                                   service
     Link Australia Holdings Trust               Australia, trust/Australia                  Investment holding     AU$252,000,100             100%
     Link CB Limited                             British Virgin Islands, limited liability   Financing                          US$1           100%
                                                    company/ Hong Kong
     領展房地產 (上海)有限公司 (formerly known              People’s Republic of China, limited         Corporate management     RMB5,000,000             100%
      as 領展房地產諮詢(上海)有限公司)                          liability company/People’s Republic         service
      (Link Real Estate (Shanghai) Limited)        of China
     Link Monte (HK) Limited                     Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Property holding and               HK$1           100%
                                                   Hong Kong                                    leasing
     Link Properties Limited                     Cayman Islands, limited liability           Property holding and               US$1           100%
                                                   company/ Hong Kong                           leasing
     Link Property Management Services Limited   Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Property management      HK$1,000,000             100%
                                                   Hong Kong
     Market Mid Trust                            Australia, trust/Australia                  Investment holding     AU$252,000,100             100%
     Market Sub Trust                            Australia, trust/Australia                  Property holding and   AU$615,014,654             100%
                                                                                                leasing
     Preston River (HK) Limited                  Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding                 HK$1           100%
                                                   Hong Kong
     上海興邦房地產有限公司 (Shanghai Xing                  People’s Republic of China, limited         Property holding and   RMB287,595,000             100%
      Bang Properties Co., Ltd.)                   liability company/People’s Republic          leasing
                                                   of China
     Sonic Might Limited                         British Virgin Islands, limited liability   Investment holding                 US$1           100%
                                                    company/Hong Kong
     The Link Finance (Australia) Pty Ltd        Australia, limited liability company/       Financing                          AU$1           100%
                                                   Australia
     The Link Finance (Cayman) 2006 Limited      Cayman Islands, limited liability           Investment                         US$1           100%
                                                   company/ Hong Kong
     The Link Finance (Cayman) 2009 Limited      Cayman Islands, limited liability           Financing                          US$1           100%
                                                   company/ Hong Kong
     The Link Finance Limited                    Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Financing                          HK$1           100%
                                                   Hong Kong
     The Link Logistic Finance Limited           Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Financing                          HK$1           100%
                                                   Hong Kong
     Thriving Land Limited                       British Virgin Islands, limited liability   Investment holding                 US$1           100%
                                                    company/Hong Kong
     Wider Success Enterprises (HK) Limited      Hong Kong, limited liability company/       Investment holding            HK$1,000              75%
                                                   Hong Kong
     25 Cabot Square S.à r.l.                    Luxembourg, limited liability company/      Property holding and         GBP11,000            100%
                                                    United Kingdom                              leasing




152 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




35 Principal Subsidiaries (Continued)
   The Manager considers that the non-controlling interests in respect of non-wholly owned subsidiaries are not individually
   material to the Group.
   The Manager is of the opinion that a complete list of the particulars of all subsidiaries will be of excessive length and therefore
   the above list contains only the particulars of the subsidiaries which principally affect the results or assets and liabilities of
   the Group.


36 Event After the Reporting Date
   On 9 February 2022, Link, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into an unit sale agreement to acquire 49.9% of fully-
   paid ordinary units of AOFI I Trust at a cash consideration (before completion adjustments) of Australian Dollars 596 million
   (equivalent to approximately HK$3,310 million). AOFI I Trust owns interests in five prime office properties located in central
   business districts in Sydney and Melbourne respectively in Australia. The transaction was completed on 1 June 2022.


37 Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements
   The consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors of the Manager and the Trustee
   on 1 June 2022.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022 153
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




Valuation Report
Suite 5701, Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road
Wanchai, Hong Kong
+852 2828 9888
colliers.com


                                                                                           Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                                       Company License No: C-006052

Our Ref: 20-20854


24 May 2022


The Board of Directors
Link Asset Management Limited
(For itself as manager of Link Real Estate Investment Trust (“Link REIT”), and for and on behalf of Link REIT)
20/F, Tower 1, The Quayside
77 Hoi Bun Road
Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited
In its capacity as trustee of Link Real Estate Investment Trust
6/F, Tower 1, HSBC Centre, 1 Sham Mong Road, Kowloon
Hong Kong


Dear Sirs,

Re: Link REIT – Annual Valuation as at 31 March 2022
We refer to the instruction from Link Asset Management Limited (LAML), acting as the manager of Link Real Estate Investment
Trust (Link REIT), and HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited (Trustee) to conduct property valuation for groups of
properties of Link REIT (collectively the “Properties”) for presentation in its 2021-2022 Annual Report, in compliance with the
relevant requirements set out in the Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts issued by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong
Kong (SFC), the trust deed of Link REIT dated 6 September 2005 as supplemented from time to time by supplemental deeds and,
where applicable, the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK):
•   129 Properties in Hong Kong (the “Hong Kong Properties”, as detailed in the Schedule of Values);
•   9 Properties in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC Properties”, as detailed in the Schedule of Values);
•   1 Property in the United Kingdom (the “UK Property”, as detailed in the Schedule of Values); and
•   1 Property in Australia (the “Australia Property”, as detailed in the Schedule of Values).
We confirm that we have carried out inspections of the Properties, made relevant investigations and obtained such further information
as we consider necessary to allow us to provide you with our opinion of value, as at 31 March 2022, for annual reporting purposes.




154 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




Valuer’s Interest
We hereby certify that Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited is independent of the scheme, the trustee, the management
company and each of the significant holders of the scheme, as per the Chapter 6 of Code on Real Estate Investment Trust issued by
the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC).


Basis of Valuation
The valuation has been carried out in accordance with the prevailing valuation standards, namely, the Royal Institution of Chartered
Surveyors’ RICS Valuation – Global Standards, incorporating the International Valuation Standards Council’s (IVSC) International
Valuation Standards, the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors’ HKIS Valuation Standards 2020 and Chapter 6 of the Code on Real Estate
Investment Trusts (REIT Code) issued by the Securities and Futures Commission in December 2020.
Our valuation is made on the basis of market value which is defined by the IVSC (and the RICS and HKIS) as the estimated amount
for which an asset or liability should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s-length
transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion.
Our valuation represents a 100% interest in the Portfolio and does not reflect shareholder’s interest in the company owning the
property interest.


Measurements
We have assumed that the areas shown on the documents and plans provided to us by LAML are correct. All documents and
contracts have been used for reference only and all dimensions, measurements and areas are therefore approximations. No on-site
measurements have been taken to verify the correctness of the areas.


Valuation Methodologies
We have relied on the Income Capitalisation Approach as the primary approach to arrive at the market values of the Properties and
cross-checked with the Direct Comparison Approach.

Income Capitalisation Approach
The income capitalisation approach involves the capitalisation of current passing rental income and potential reversionary income
from a property from the date of valuation, at appropriate investment yields, to arrive at capital value. Appropriate adjustments/
deductions have been made for rent-free periods, ongoing vacancy voids/marketing periods and non-recoverable expenses for
vacant space.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022 155
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




The capitalisation rate ranges adopted in our valuations are as follows:
Hong Kong Properties
Retail                 :       3.25% – 4.50%
Car Park               :       2.90% – 5.30%
Office                 :       3.01% (Blended)
Blended                :       2.90% – 5.30%

PRC Properties
Office                 :       4.25%
Retail                 :       4.25% – 4.75%
Car Park               :       4.25% – 4.75%
Warehouse              :       5.00%

UK Property
Office                 :       5.19%
Australia Property
Office                 :       4.40%


Direct Comparison Approach
The Direct Comparison Approach provides an indication of value by comparing the subject asset with identical or similar assets for
which price information is available. In analysing such sales, which qualify as arm’s-length transactions between willing buyers and
sellers, adjustments are made to reflect differences between the comparables and the subject of this valuation in matters such as
transaction dates, size, location, quality, age and amenities and any other relevant factors, to assess the value of the subject asset.
This approach is commonly used to value assets where reliable sales evidence is available.
The Direct Comparison Approach has also been used to assess market rental levels on the same basis. This assessment of market
rent is then used to underpin the potential reversionary income for the Properties.




156 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




Valuation Assumptions
Our valuations have been made on the assumption that the Properties are to be sold in the open market in their existing state, subject
to existing tenancies or otherwise with the benefit of vacant possession, without the benefit of deferred term contracts, leasebacks,
joint ventures, management agreements or any similar arrangements which could affect the value of the Properties.
We have valued each of the Properties individually. We have not allowed any bulk discount for the sale of the Properties as a
portfolio to a single party, nor have we taken into account any effect on values that might arise if the Properties were all to be offered
for sale at one and the same time.
No allowances have been made for any charges, mortgages or amounts owing on any of the Properties nor for any expenses or
taxation which may be incurred in effecting a sale. We have assumed that the Properties are free from, and clear of, any and all
charges, liens and encumbrances of an onerous nature likely to affect value.
We have assumed that the Properties have been constructed, occupied and used in full compliance with all ordinances. We have
further assumed that, for any use of the Properties upon which this report is based, any and all required licences, permits, certificates,
and authorisations have been obtained.

Title Investigation and Encumbrances
We have been provided with copies of the title documents relating to the PRC Properties. As at the Valuation Date, all the Properties
have obtained legal title as per the information provided by LAML. For Properties located in Hong Kong, we have made enquiries and
relevant searches at the Land Registry. However, we have not sighted the original documents and are therefore not aware of any
possible amendments that are not shown on the copies available to us.

Site Investigation
We have not carried out investigations to determine the subsoil conditions nor have we tested utility services to the Properties.
Our valuation has been prepared on the assumption that these are acceptable and appropriate to the respective developments. No
structural surveys have been undertaken, but in the course of our inspections, we have not noted any defects. We are not, however,
able to report whether the Properties are free of rot, infestation or any other structural defects. We have assumed that the Properties
are free of contamination.

Plant and Machinery
We have reflected in our assessment of market value all plant and machinery that forms part of the building services but have
excluded the process plant, machinery and equipment which has been installed wholly in connection with the tenants’ occupation,
including but not limited to furniture, furnishings and tenants’ fixtures and fittings.

Car Parking Spaces
We are aware that authorisations have already been or are in the process of being obtained from the relevant authorities for
Properties where surplus car parking spaces are let to non-residents where planning approvals and waivers are normally required.

Telecommunication Facilities
We have assumed that all telecommunication facilities at the Properties are constructed, occupied and used in full compliance with all
ordinances and all necessary approvals have been obtained from the relevant authorities.

Acknowledgement of Information
All investigations have been conducted independently and without influence from any third parties. We have relied to a very
considerable extent on the information provided by the LAML and have accepted advice given to us on such matters as identification
of the Properties, particulars of planning approvals, statutory notices, easements, tenure, occupation, floor plans and areas, tenancy
schedules and all other relevant matters.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021/2022 157
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




In the course of our valuation, we have also made reference to, inter alia, the following information provided by LAML:

Hong Kong Properties
1. Tenancy Schedule as at 31 March 2022 and subsequent updates;
2. Actual Income from March 2021 to February 2022;
3. Operating Expenses from March 2021 to February 2022;
4. CAPEX Schedules as at 31 March 2022 and subsequent updates;
5. Asset Enhancement Plans & Layout Plans of the Properties, if any; and
6. Approved Building Plans for the commercial developments of The Quayside and 700 Nathan Road dated 2 August 2018 and 12
   October 2017 respectively.

PRC Properties
1. Tenancy Schedule as at 31 March 2022 and subsequent updates;
2. Other Retail and Car Park incomes from March 2021 to February 2022;
3. Retail Actual Income from March 2021 to February 2022;
4. Office Actual Income from March 2021 to February 2022 (Link Square, Shanghai);
5. Warehouse Actual Income from March 2021 to February 2022;
6. Operating Expenses from March 2021 to February 2022; and
7. Relevant title documents.

UK Property
1. Tenancy schedule as at 31 March 2022 and subsequent updates;
2. Other retail and car park income from March 2021 to February 2022; and
3. CAPEX schedules as at 31 March 2022 and subsequent updates.

Australia Property
1. Tenancy schedule as at 31 March 2022 and subsequent updates;
2. Office, ancillary retail and car park actual income from April 2021 to February 2022;
3. CAPEX schedules as at 31 March 2022 and subsequent updates;
4. Operating expenses from March 2021 to February 2022, and
5. Budget outgoing recoveries and outgoings from April 2021 to March 2022.


Summary of Values
A summary of the following is shown in the attached Schedule of Values:
i)   Retail internal floor Area (IFA), number of car parking spaces, assessed market values, capitalisation rate adopted in the Income
     Capitalisation Approach and initial yield for the Hong Kong Properties;
ii) Gross Floor Area (GFA) and assessed market value for The Quayside, Hung Hom Car Service Centre and Chai Wan Car Service
    Centre;
iii) Retail and/or office GFA, number of car parking spaces, assessed market values, capitalisation rate adopted in the Income
     Capitalisation Approach and initial yield for the PRC Properties;
iv) Office Net Lettable Area (NLA), number of car parking spaces, assessed market values and capitalisation rate adopted in the
    Income Capitalisation Approach for the UK Property; and
v) Office Net Lettable Area (NLA), assessed market values and capitalisation rate adopted in the Income Capitalisation Approach for
   the Australia Property.




158 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




Valuation
1.   Hong Kong Properties
     We are of the opinion that the aggregate market value of the unencumbered leasehold interest in the Hong Kong Properties,
     subject to the existing tenancies and conditions and assumptions set out in this report, as at 31 March 2022, is in the sum of
                                                          HKD171,839,600,000
                        (HONG KONG DOLLARS ONE HUNDRED SEVENTY-ONE BILLION EIGHT HUNDRED
                                         THIRTY-NINE MILLION SIX HUNDRED THOUSAND)
                                                            Initial yield: 4.57%
     The values ascribed to the respective retail, car parking elements and The Quayside are as follows:

     Hong Kong Retail Facilities
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                          HKD118,365,200,000
                          (HONG KONG DOLLARS ONE HUNDRED EIGHTEEN BILLION THREE HUNDRED
                                         SIXTY-FIVE MILLION TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND)
                                                            Initial yield: 4.74%

     Hong Kong Car Parking Facilities
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                          HKD33,825,000,000
                   (HONG KONG DOLLARS THIRTY-THREE BILLION EIGHT HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE MILLION)
                                                            Initial yield: 5.00%

     The Quayside
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                           HKD9,817,600,000
                                (HONG KONG DOLLARS DOLLARS NINE BILLION EIGHT HUNDRED
                                          SEVENTEEN MILLION SIX HUNDRED THOUSAND)

     700 Nathan Road, Mong Kok
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                           HKD4,011,800,000
                     (HONG KONG DOLLARS FOUR BILLION ELEVEN MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND)

     Hung Hom Car Service Centre and Chai Wan Car Service Centre
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                           HKD5,820,000,000
                            (HONG KONG DOLLARS FIVE BILLION EIGHT HUNDRED TWENTY MILLION)




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022 159
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




2.   PRC Properties
     We are of the opinion that the market value of the unencumbered leasehold interests in the PRC Properties, subject to the
     existing tenancies and assumptions set out in this report, as at 31 March 2022, is in the sum of
                                                         RMB31,222,000,000
                             (RENMINBI THIRTY-ONE BILLION TWO HUNDRED TWENTY-TWO MILLION)
                                                           Initial yield: 3.80%

     Link Square
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                          RMB6,630,000,000
                                        (RENMINBI SIX BILLION SIX HUNDRED THIRTY MILLION)
                                                           Initial yield: 3.61%

     Link Plaza • ZGC
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                          RMB2,990,000,000
                                     (RENMINBI TWO BILLION NINE HUNDRED NINETY MILLION)
                                                           Initial yield: 4.75%

     Link Plaza • Guangzhou
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                          RMB4,480,000,000
                                     (RENMINBI FOUR BILLION FOUR HUNDRED EIGHTY MILLION)
                                                           Initial yield: 4.69%

     Link Plaza • Jingtong
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                          RMB2,560,000,000
                                        (RENMINBI TWO BILLION FIVE HUNDRED SIXTY MILLION)
                                                           Initial yield: 3.78%

     Link CentralWalk
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                          RMB6,340,000,000
                                     (RENMINBI SIX BILLION THREE HUNDRED FORTY MILLION)
                                                           Initial yield: 2.36%

     Qibao Vanke Plaza (50% Interest)
     Market value is in the sum of
                                                          RMB3,445,000,000
                                (RENMINBI THREE BILLION FOUR HUNDRED FORTY-FIVE MILLION)
                                                           Initial yield: 4.42%




160 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




      Happy Valley Shopping Mall
      Market value is in the sum of
                                                         RMB3,384,000,000
                                   (RENMINBI THREE BILLION THREE HUNDRED EIGHTY-FOUR MILLION)
                                                          Initial yield: 3.63%

      Dongguan Warehouse
      Market value is in the sum of
                                                          RMB888,000,000
                                          (RENMINBI EIGHT HUNDRED EIGHTY-EIGHT MILLION)
                                                          Initial yield: 5.30%

      Foshan Warehouse
      Market value is in the sum of
                                                          RMB505,000,000
                                                (RENMINBI FIVE HUNDRED FIVE MILLION)
                                                          Initial yield: 4.98%

3.    UK Property
      Market value is in the sum of
                                                          GBP375,900,000
                 (GREAT BRITISH POUNDS THREE HUNDRED SEVENTY-FIVE MILLION NINE HUNDRED THOUSAND)

4.    Australia Property
      Market value is in the sum of
                                                          AUD700,000,000
                                           (AUSTRALIAN DOLLARS SEVEN HUNDRED MILLION)

Conversion Factors
Conversion factors used in this report are:
1 square metre               =    10.764 square feet
1 metre                      =    3.2808 feet


For and on behalf of
Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited


Hannah Jeong
MSc (Real Estate) MRICS MHKIS RPS(GP)
Head of Valuation and Advisory Services




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021/2022 161
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




Schedule of Values
Hong Kong Properties

No.      Properties                                           No.     Properties

127      700 Nathan Road, Mong Kok                            16      Choi Yuen Plaza
15       Butterfly Plaza                                      22      Chuk Yuen Plaza
109      Car Park within Ching Wang Court                     26      Chung On Shopping Centre
124      Car Park within Chuk Yuen (North) Estate             45      Fu Cheong Shopping Centre
116      Car Park within Fung Lai Court                       54      Fu Heng Shopping Centre
119      Car Park within Hong Keung Court                     32      Fu Shin Shopping Centre
83       Car Park within Ka Tin Court                         48      Fu Tai Shopping Centre
108      Car Park within Kam On Court                         24      Fu Tung Plaza
74       Car Park within Kin Ming Estate                      46      Fung Tak Shopping Centre
115      Car Park within King Lai Court                       35      Heng On Commercial Centre
121      Car Park within Kwai Hong Court                      40      Hin Keng Shopping Centre
101      Car Park within Lai On Estate                        67      Hing Tung Shopping Centre
123      Car Park within Lower Wong Tai Sin (I) Estate        53      Hing Wah Plaza
96       Car Park within Ming Nga Court                       63      Hiu Lai Shopping Centre
93       Car Park within Ning Fung Court                      64      Hoi Fu Shopping Centre
122      Car Park within Pang Ching Court                     34      Homantin Plaza
95       Car Park within Po Pui Court                         128     Hung Hom Car Service Centre
112      Car Park within San Wai Court                        6       Kai Tin Shopping Centre
107      Car Park within Sau Mau Ping (I) Estate              68      Kin Sang Shopping Centre
86       Car Park within Tin King Estate                      57      Kwong Fuk Commercial Centre
113      Car Park within Tin Yau Court                        39      Kwong Yuen Shopping Centre
78       Car Park within Tin Yuet Estate                      41      Lek Yuen Plaza
100      Car Park within Tsui Ping South Estate               11      Leung King Plaza
87       Car Park within Tsz Man Estate                       1       Lok Fu Place
105      Car Park within Upper Ngau Tau Kok Estate            59      Lok Wah Commercial Centre
90       Car Park within Wah Lai Estate                       49      Long Ping Commercial Centre
94       Car Park within Wang Fuk Court                       56      Lung Hang Commercial Centre
110      Car Park within Yee Kok Court                        60      Maritime Bay
114      Car Park within Yee Nga Court                        52      Mei Lam Shopping Centre
97       Car Park within Ying Ming Court                      31      Nan Fung Plaza
99       Car Park within Yue On Court                         30      Oi Man Plaza
129      Chai Wan Car Service Centre                          50      Oi Tung Shopping Centre
10       Cheung Fat Plaza                                     70      Ping Tin Shopping Centre
62       Cheung Wah Shopping Centre                           80      Po Hei Court Commercial Centre
14       Choi Ming Shopping Centre                            51      Po Lam Shopping Centre
28       Choi Wan Commercial Complex                          36      Po Tat Shopping Centre




162 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




No.   Properties                                                 No.       Properties

75    Retail and Car Park within Cheung On Estate                43        Stanley Plaza
77    Retail and Car Park within Cheung Wang Estate              44        Sun Chui Shopping Centre
84    Retail and Car Park within Ching Wah Court                 2         T Town
76    Retail and Car Park within Hong Pak Court                  47        Tai Hing Commercial Centre
120   Retail and Car Park within Hong Shui Court                 18        Tai Wo Plaza
88    Retail and Car Park within Hong Yat Court                  38        Tai Yuen Commercial Centre
117   Retail and Car Park within Hung Hom Estate                 29        Tak Tin Plaza
82    Retail and Car Park within Ko Chun Court                   8         Temple Mall North
125   Retail and Car Park within Ko Yee Estate                   5         Temple Mall South
106   Retail and Car Park within Lok Nga Court                   126       The Quayside
79    Retail and Car Park within Lok Wah (South) Estate          17        Tin Chak Shopping Centre
102   Retail and Car Park within Nam Cheong Estate               20        Tin Shing Shopping Centre
104   Retail and Car Park within Sau Mau Ping (III) Estate       25        Tin Shui Shopping Centre
91    Retail and Car Park within Tin Wah Estate                  65        Tin Tsz Shopping Centre
118   Retail and Car Park within Tin Wang Court                  21        Tin Yiu Plaza
85    Retail and Car Park within Tin Yat Estate                  4         TKO Gateway
89    Retail and Car Park within Tong Ming Court                 7         TKO Spot
92    Retail and Car Park within Tsui Wan Estate                 42        Tsui Ping North Shopping Circuit
103   Retail and Car Park within Tsz Oi Court                    3         Tsz Wan Shan Shopping Centre
71    Retail and Car Park within Tung Tau Estate                 55        Un Chau Shopping Centre
81    Retail and Car Park within Wo Ming Court                   58        Wan Tsui Commercial Complex
98    Retail and Car Park within Yan Ming Court                  12        Wo Che Plaza
111   Retail and Car Park within Ying Fuk Court                  13        Yat Tung Shopping Centre
66    Sam Shing Commercial Centre                                19        Yau Mei & Ko Cheung (Lei Yue Mun Plaza)
9     Sau Mau Ping Shopping Centre                               73        Yin Lai Court Shopping Centre
27    Sha Kok Commercial Centre                                  61        Yiu On Shopping Centre
33    Shun Lee Commercial Centre                                 69        Yiu Tung Shopping Centre
72    Shun On Commercial Centre                                  37        Yu Chui Shopping Centre
23    Siu Sai Wan Plaza




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 163
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




PRC Properties

No.      Properties                                           No.     Properties

1        Link Square                                          2       Link Plaza • ZGC
3        Link Plaza • Guangzhou                               4       Link Plaza • Jingtong
5        Link CentralWalk                                     6       Qibao Vanke Plaza
7        Happy Valley Shopping Mall                           8       Dongguan Warehouse
9        Foshan Warehouse


UK Property

No.      Property

1        The Cabot, London


Australia Property

No.      Property

1        100 Market Street, Sydney




164 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




Schedule of Values
Hong Kong Properties

                                                                Annual Net           Income       Value as at
                                  Internal                        Passing      Capitalisation      31 March
                               Floor Area         Car Park         Income      Capitalisation          2022            Analysis
No.   Properties                    (sq ft)        Spaces     (HKD Million)             Rate    (HKD Million)       Initial Yield

 1    Lok Fu Place
                                 361,569               793            313.4           4.23%           6,894.1            4.55%

      Brief Description:   Lok Fu Place, (formerly Lok Fu Plaza), completed in 1983–1991, comprises
                           • Commercial centre I – retail
                           • Commercial centre II – retail
                           • Car park I
                           • Car park II
                           • Car park and commercial accommodation within Wang Shun House, Wang Tat House and Wang
                              Yat House
                           • Associated areas within Lok Fu Estate
                           • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                           IFA before AE for letting: 362,486 sq ft
                           IFA after AE for letting: 361,569 sq ft
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 793

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6451–107,428/335,530 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 31 December 2007

 2    T Town
                                 206,934             1,177            266.6           4.03%           5,609.4            4.75%

      Brief Description:   T Town, (formerly Chung Fu Plaza), completed in 1999 and 2000, comprises
                           • Phase 1 commercial and car parking building
                           • Phase 2 commercial building
                           • Tin Chung Court Ancillary Facilities Block – ground and first floor kindergarten and day
                              nursery facilities
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,177

      Title Details:       Held by: Link Properties Limited
                           Lot details:
                           Phase I – Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 18 – Section A and 2,021/363,535 equal and undivided shares
                           of and in the Remaining Portion
                           Phase 2 – Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 41 – portion of 50,802/297,568 equal and undivided shares
                           Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 January 1999




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021/2022 165
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                       Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022          Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)     Initial Yield

 3      Tsz Wan Shan Shopping Centre
                                          196,744              940            208.5           4.34%         4,391.1           4.75%

        Brief Description:          Tsz Wan Shan Shopping Centre, completed in 1997, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park block
                                    • Multi storey car park
                                    • Car park block A
                                    • Car park block B
                                    • Lift tower
                                    • Ancillary facilities block – commercial/car park accommodation
                                    • Open car parks and associated areas within Tsz Lok Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 940

        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6442–81,055/481,546 equal and undivided shares in the
                                    Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 October 2007

 4      TKO Gateway
                                          165,935              623            192.7           4.01%         4,247.1           4.54%

        Brief Description:          TKO Gateway, (formerly Hau Tak (II) Shopping Centre), completed in 1993, comprises
                                    • East Wing – multi storey car park
                                    • West Wing – multi storey car park
                                    • Open car parks and associated areas within Hau Tak Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 623

        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 99–49,962/324,918 equal undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005

 5      Temple Mall South
                                          146,528              688            176.8           4.13%         3,830.7           4.62%

        Brief Description:          Temple Mall South, (formerly Wong Tai Sin Plaza), completed in 1982 and 1983, comprises
                                    • Multi storey commercial/car park accommodation
                                    • Commercial/car park block
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Commercial blocks – cooked food stalls
                                    • Commercial/car park accommodation within Lung Kwong House, Lung Fai House, Lung Lok
                                      House, Lung On House
                                    • Open car parks and associated areas within Lower Wong Tai Sin II Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 688

        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6438–51,200/323,235 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 May 2007




166 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                  Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                       Internal                     Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                    Floor Area       Car Park        Income     Capitalisation          2022         Analysis
No.   Properties                         (sq ft)      Spaces    (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)    Initial Yield

 6    Kai Tin Shopping Centre
                                      184,878             461           173.3          4.33%          3,747.9            4.62%

      Brief Description:        Kai Tin Shopping Centre, completed by two phases in 1999 and 2003, comprises
                                • Commercial/car park block
                                • Multi storey commercial/car park accommodation
                                • Car parks and associated areas within Kai Tin Estate
                                Number of Car Park Spaces: 461

      Title Details:            Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6481–65,207/256,946 equal and undivided shares
                                Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 September 2009

 7    TKO Spot
                                      130,649           1,280           177.0          4.24%          3,758.0            4.71%

      Brief Description:        TKO Spot (formerly known as Sheung Tak Shopping Centre), completed in 1998, comprises
                                • Commercial/car park block
                                • Car Park A
                                • Car Park B
                                • Car Park C
                                • Commercial/car park accommodation G/F of Sheung Mei House
                                • Open car parks and associated areas within Sheung Tak Estate
                                Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,280
      Title Details:            Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 98–95,092/467,545 equal and undivided shares
                                Government lease: 50 years commencing 26 March 2007

 8    Temple Mall North
                                      137,622             473           143.0          3.95%          3,460.2            4.13%

      Brief Description:        Temple Mall North, (formerly Lung Cheung Plaza), completed in 2001, comprises
                                • Commercial/car parking and associated areas within Upper Wong Tai Sin Estate
                                Number of Car Park Spaces: 473
      Title Details:            Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6439–53,974/311,854 equal and undivided shares
                                Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021/2022 167
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                       Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation          2022         Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces    (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)    Initial Yield

 9      Sau Mau Ping Shopping Centre
                                          154,767             611            183.0          4.31%          3,654.8          5.01%

        Brief Description:          Sau Mau Ping Shopping Centre, completed in 2002, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park block
                                    • Multi storey car park A and ancillary facilities building
                                    • Associated areas within Sau Mau Ping Estate
                                    • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                                    IFA before AE for letting: 155,554 sq ft
                                    IFA after AE for letting: 154,767 sq ft
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 611
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6453–57,670/833,450 equal and undivided shares and a
                                    portion of 10/833,450 equal and undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007

 10     Cheung Fat Plaza
                                          165,572             590            152.3          4.35%          3,158.5          4.82%

        Brief Description:          Cheung Fat Plaza, completed in 1987, comprises
                                    • Shopping centre
                                    • Cheung Fat Estate electricity substation
                                    • Car Park Block
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 590
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 172–49,331/171,904 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 2005

 11     Leung King Plaza
                                          184,012             616            159.6          4.45%          3,038.2          5.25%

        Brief Description:          Leung King Plaza, completed in 1988, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park block
                                    • HA open car parks within Leung King Estate
                                    • HA Road
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 616
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 458–54,922/426,295 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 February 2001




168 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                     Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                         Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                      Floor Area       Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022           Analysis
No.   Properties                           (sq ft)      Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)      Initial Yield

 12   Wo Che Plaza
                                        170,612             828           147.2           4.14%          3,022.0            4.87%

      Brief Description:          Wo Che Plaza, completed in 1977, comprises
                                  • Commercial/car park block
                                  • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation – G/F retail units within Tai Wo House, Foo Wo
                                    House, Hau Wo House, Chi Wo House and King Wo House
                                  • Open car parks and associated areas within Wo Che Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 828
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 549–55,437/474,742 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007

 13   Yat Tung Shopping Centre
                                        193,063           1,900           155.3           4.43%          2,950.7            5.26%

      Brief Description:          Yat Tung Shopping Centre, completed 2001–2003, comprises
                                  • Commercial Centre 1
                                  • Commercial Centre 2
                                  • Car Park 1
                                  • Car Park 3
                                  • Commercial/car park block
                                  • Open car parks and associated areas within Yat Tung Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,900
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tung Chung Town Lot No. 30–107,811/930,819 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 5 February 2009

 14   Choi Ming Shopping Centre
                                         92,857             765           142.3           4.33%          2,841.4            5.01%

      Brief Description:          Choi Ming Shopping Centre, completed in 2001 and 2003, comprises
                                  • Commercial/car park block
                                  • Carport building
                                  • Covered car parking Spaces – Choi Ming Court
                                  • Extension block Kin Ming Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 765
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 82–44,614/346,996 equal and undivided shares, and
                                  Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No.109–39,133/420,644 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 4 May 2001 (TKOTL No. 82) and 15 March 2010 (TKOTL
                                  No. 109)

 15   Butterfly Plaza
                                        174,793             313           149.7           4.53%          2,853.6            5.24%

      Brief Description:          Butterfly Plaza, completed in 1983, comprises
                                  • Commercial complex
                                  • Multi storey car park
                                  • Commercial area – cooked food stalls
                                  • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation – shops within Tip Ling House and Tip Sum House
                                  • Open car parks, loading spaces and associated areas within Butterfly Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 313
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 473–38,316/248,783 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005



                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 169
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                       Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation          2022            Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces    (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)       Initial Yield

 16     Choi Yuen Plaza
                                          125,394              536           134.7           4.39%          2,748.7            4.90%

        Brief Description:          Choi Yuen Plaza, completed in 1982, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park block
                                    • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation – various shop units, open car parks and associated
                                      areas within Choi Chu House, Choi Yuk House, Choi Ping House and Choi Wah House
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 536
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot No. 230–34,746/286,392 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 September 2005

 17     Tin Chak Shopping Centre
                                          130,719              302           133.4           4.31%          2,740.6            4.87%

        Brief Description:          Tin Chak Shopping Centre, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Commercial block including kiosk at entrance
                                    • Car park building
                                    • Associated areas within Tin Chak Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 302
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 37–38,810/272,897 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005

 18     Tai Wo Plaza
                                          125,272              454           128.9           4.41%          2,605.2            4.95%

        Brief Description:          Tai Wo Plaza, completed in 1989, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park block Phase 1
                                    • Commercial/car park block Phase 2
                                    • Cooked food centre
                                    • Integrated HA Accommodation –
                                       shops, stores, offices and clinics in Oi Wo House;
                                       shops, offices and clinics in On Wo House, and
                                       entrance on G/F of Hei Wo House to phase 1 commercial block
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 454
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 176–40,117/414,930 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 10 February 2000

 19     Yau Mei & Ko Cheung (Lei Yue Mun Plaza)
                                          102,715                0           125.6           4.30%          2,525.5            4.97%

        Brief Description:          Lei Yue Mun Plaza – Yau Mei and Ko Cheung, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Commercial associated areas within blocks J, K and L, Yau Mei Court
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6459–19,357/392,161 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 3 June 2005




170 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net           Income       Value as at
                                         Internal                         Passing      Capitalisation      31 March
                                      Floor Area         Car Park          Income      Capitalisation          2022            Analysis
No.   Properties                           (sq ft)        Spaces      (HKD Million)             Rate    (HKD Million)       Initial Yield

 20   Tin Shing Shopping Centre
                                          78,235            1,458             125.0           4.33%            2,548.8           4.90%

      Brief Description:          Tin Shing Shopping Centre, completed in 2000, comprises
                                  • Commercial centre – commercial/car park building
                                  • Ancillary facilities block – kindergarten, play areas and nursery in Ting Shing Court
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,458
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 17, Section A, and 1,480/357,800 equal and undivided shares
                                  in the Remaining Portion
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 November 1997

 21   Tin Yiu Plaza
                                          93,297              480             115.5           4.34%            2,321.6           4.98%

      Brief Description:          Tin Yiu Plaza, completed in 1992, comprises
                                  • Commercial/car park block
                                  • Open car parks and associated areas within Tin Yiu Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 480
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Lot No. 38–31,581/574,611 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 September 2005

 22   Chuk Yuen Plaza
                                        138,459             1,103             114.2           4.45%            2,322.4           4.92%

      Brief Description:          Chuk Yuen Plaza, completed in 1984, comprises
                                  • Commercial/car park block
                                  • Multi storey car park associated areas within Chui Yuen House
                                  • Cooked food stalls
                                  • Shops in Sau Yuen House
                                  • Open car parking spaces and associated areas within Chuk Yuen (South) Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,103
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6452–62,198/354,665 equal and undivided shares in the
                                  Remaining Portion
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 16 August 2007

 23   Siu Sai Wan Plaza
                                          99,942              558             117.4           4.47%            2,237.0           5.25%

      Brief Description:          Siu Sai Wan Plaza, completed in 1989, comprises
                                  • Shopping centre
                                  • Car park block
                                  • Car park and car parking spaces within Siu Sai Wan Estate, phase 3
                                  • Integrated Commercial Accommodation – post office in Sui Yick House
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 558
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 176–34,606/418,894 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 26 March 2007




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022 171
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                       Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation          2022            Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces    (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)       Initial Yield

 24     Fu Tung Plaza
                                          104,879              537           110.5           4.45%          2,172.4            5.09%

        Brief Description:          Fu Tung Plaza, completed in 1997, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park block
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Open car parks and associated areas within Fu Tung Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 537
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tung Chung Town Lot No. 40–44,218/209,377 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 30 April 2008

 25     Tin Shui Shopping Centre
                                           74,948              577           108.2           4.40%          2,136.0            5.07%

        Brief Description:          Tin Shui Shopping Centre, completed in 1992, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park block and internally connected commercial/car park block
                                    • Open car parks and associated areas within Tin Shui Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 577
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 39–34,646/599,404 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 5 September 2007

 26     Chung On Shopping Centre
                                           82,430              995           103.8           4.44%          1,991.8            5.21%

        Brief Description:          Chung On Shopping Centre, completed in 1996, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park block with roof
                                    • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation within Chung Ping House
                                    • Open car parks within Chung On Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 995
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 544–41,385/223,886 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005

 27     Sha Kok Commercial Centre
                                           96,488              662           100.6           4.34%          2,002.8            5.02%

        Brief Description:          Sha Kok Commercial Centre, completed in 1980, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park building
                                    • Cooked food stalls
                                    • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation – shops in Osprey House and Sand Martin House
                                      and open car parks within Sha Kok Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 662
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 552–32,438/340,309 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 3 July 2008




172 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                  Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                       Internal                     Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                    Floor Area      Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022           Analysis
No.   Properties                         (sq ft)     Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)      Initial Yield

 28   Choi Wan Commercial Complex
                                      167,660            859             99.4           4.44%          2,010.3             4.94%

      Brief Description:      Choi Wan Commercial Complex, completed in 1980, comprises
                              • Commercial/car park block 1
                              • Commercial/car park block 2
                              • Commercial block 1
                              • Commercial block 2 – shops and cooked food stalls in Fei Fung House
                              • Open car parks, associated accommodation and integrated associated areas within
                                Choi Wan Estate
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 859
      Title Details:          Held by: Link Properties Limited
                              Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6461–61,003/394,552 equal and undivided shares of and in
                              the Remaining Portion
                              Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 December 2008

 29   Tak Tin Plaza
                                       98,661            754             91.6           4.48%          1,915.2             4.78%

      Brief Description:      Tak Tin Plaza, completed in 1991, comprises
                              • Commercial block
                              • Car park block A
                              • Car park block B
                              • Car park block C in Tak Hong House
                              • Integrated HA associated areas within Tak King House
                              • Open Car Parks – adjacent to Tak Shing House
                              • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                              IFA before AE for letting: 97,580 sq ft
                              IFA after AE for letting: 98,661 sq ft
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 754
      Title Details:          Held by: Link Properties Limited
                              Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6326–25,782/308,756 equal and undivided shares
                              Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

 30   Oi Man Plaza
                                      180,959            808             94.8           4.48%          1,938.6             4.89%

      Brief Description:      Oi Man Plaza, completed in 1975, comprises
                              • Multi Storey commercial/car park associated areas with including garage buildings A to D
                              • Commercial block 1 – cooked food stalls
                              • Commercial block 2 – market
                              • Shop units within Chiu Man House, Hong Man House and Chung Man House
                              • Open car parks and associated areas within Oi Man Estate
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 808
      Title Details:          Held by: Link Properties Limited
                              Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 9826–54,395/204,983 equal and undivided shares of and in
                              Remaining Portion
                              Government lease: 75 years commencing 1 April 1968




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2021/2022 173
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                       Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022          Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)     Initial Yield

 31     Nan Fung Plaza
                                           81,342                0             72.2          4.00%          1,720.5           4.19%

        Brief Description:          Nan Fung Plaza, completed in 1999, comprises
                                    • Commercial units
                                    • Kindergarten
                                    • External wall advertising spaces
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 23–154,634/1,485,995 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: New Grant No. 8648 for a term commencing 21 November 1995 to 30 June 2047

 32     Fu Shin Shopping Centre
                                          106,231              525             84.5          4.36%          1,865.0           4.53%

        Brief Description:          Fu Shin Shopping Centre, completed in 1986, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park building
                                    • Cooked food stalls
                                    • Open car parking and associated areas within Fu Shin Estate
                                    • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                                    IFA before AE for letting: 106,361 sq ft
                                    IFA after AE for letting: 106,231 sq ft
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 525
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 189–33,761/330,620 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 October 2005

 33     Shun Lee Commercial Centre
                                          200,948              731             81.6          4.48%          1,719.5           4.75%

        Brief Description:          Shun Lee Commercial Centre, completed in 1978, comprises
                                    • Commercial complex I
                                    • Commercial complex II
                                    • Car park block A
                                    • Car park block B
                                    • Car park block C
                                    • Shop units within Lee Foo House, Lee Hong House, Lee Yat House and Lee Yip House
                                    • Open car parks within Shun Lee Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 731
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6465–56,354/295,872 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 31 March 2010

 34     Homantin Plaza
                                          101,102              299             77.9          4.44%          1,649.0           4.73%

        Brief Description:          Homantin Plaza, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park building
                                    • Car park building in Ho Man Tin Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 299
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Kowloon Inland Lot No. 11119–3,411/57,202 equal and undivided shares in Section A,
                                    and 20,327/214,270 equal and undivided shares in the Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 20 November 1998




174 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                      Annual Net           Income       Value as at
                                          Internal                      Passing      Capitalisation      31 March
                                       Floor Area        Car Park        Income      Capitalisation          2022          Analysis
No.   Properties                            (sq ft)       Spaces    (HKD Million)             Rate    (HKD Million)     Initial Yield

 35   Heng On Commercial Centre
                                         116,022              585             84.7          4.32%          1,761.8           4.81%

      Brief Description:           Heng On Commercial Centre, completed in 1987, comprises
                                   • Commercial/car park block
                                   • Associated areas and lorry parking in Heng On Estate
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 585
      Title Details:               Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 500–39,206/40,831 equal and undivided shares in Section C, and
                                   812/247,314 equal and undivided shares in the Remaining Portion
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 April 1998

 36   Po Tat Shopping Centre
                                          82,260            1,083             77.1          4.30%          1,635.7           4.71%

      Brief Description:           Po Tat Shopping Centre, completed in 2002, comprises
                                   • Commercial centre
                                   • Car park podium I
                                   • Car park podium II
                                   • Integrated commercial/car park associated areas within Tat Cheung House
                                   • Associated areas within Po Tat Estate
                                   • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                                   IFA before AE for letting: 82,838 sq ft
                                   IFA after AE for letting: 82,260 sq ft
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,083
      Title Details:               Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6470–75,195/546,029 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 9 April 2009

 37   Yu Chui Shopping Centre
                                         112,769            1,175             80.3          4.22%          1,653.8           4.86%

      Brief Description:           Yu Chui Shopping Centre, completed in 2001, comprises
                                   • Commercial complex
                                   • Car park and ancillary facilities block
                                   • Loading/unloading spaces in Yu Chui Court
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,175
      Title Details:               Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 462–48,967/361,200 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 May 2001

 38   Tai Yuen Commercial Centre
                                         136,430              594             86.8          4.41%          1,823.0           4.76%

      Brief Description:           Tai Yuen Commercial Centre, completed in 1980, comprises
                                   • Commercial block A
                                   • Commercial block B
                                   • Car park block
                                   • Shops within Tai Man House, Tai Tak House and Tai Wing House
                                   • Associated areas, pump room and open car parks within Tai Yuen Estate
                                   • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                                   IFA before AE for letting: 136,490 sq ft
                                   IFA after AE for letting: 136,430 sq ft
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 594
      Title Details:               Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 192–38,718/396,392 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 June 2007


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 175
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                       Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation          2022            Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces    (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)       Initial Yield

 39     Kwong Yuen Shopping Centre
                                            81,542            736             78.9           4.35%         1,622.0             4.87%

        Brief Description:          Kwong Yuen Shopping Centre, completed in 1991, comprises
                                    • Commercial complex – commercial blocks 1 to 5
                                    • Car park block no. 1 – including market
                                    • Car park block no. 2
                                    • Open car parking in Kwong Yuen Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 736
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 506–29,929/279,026 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 February 2001

 40     Hin Keng Shopping Centre
                                            94,374            636             83.2           4.36%         1,697.0             4.90%

        Brief Description:          Hin Keng Shopping Centre, completed in 1987, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park complex
                                    • Cooked food stalls
                                    • Open car parks within Hing Keng Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 636
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 503–37,320/396,392 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 10 February 2000

 41     Lek Yuen Plaza
                                           106,156            438             75.3           4.23%         1,599.3             4.71%

        Brief Description:          Lek Yuen Plaza, completed in 1976, comprises
                                    • Commercial car park block
                                    • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation within Wing Shui House, Wah Fung House, Fu Yu
                                       House, Fook Hoi House and Kwai Wo House
                                    • Open car parking and associated areas within Lek Yuen Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 438
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 550–28,600/199,774 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 7 May 2007

 42     Tsui Ping North Shopping Circuit
                                           113,912            421             74.8           4.21%         1,618.4             4.62%

        Brief Description:          Tsui Ping North Shopping Circuit, completed in 1990, comprises
                                    • Commercial complex
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Integrated HA associated areas within Tsui Tsz House, Tsui Lau House, Tsui Pak House, Tsui On
                                       House, Tsui Yue House and Tsui To House
                                    • Open car parks within Tsui Ping (North) Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 421
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Kwun Tong Inland Lot No. 754–31,542/345,220 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 24 January 2002




176 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                     Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                        Internal                       Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                     Floor Area        Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022        Analysis
No.   Properties                          (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)   Initial Yield

 43   Stanley Plaza
                                        98,382              411             66.1          4.20%          1,406.8          4.70%

      Brief Description:         Stanley Plaza, completed in 1999 and 2000, comprises
                                 • Portion 1, commercial/car park block, Murray House, Village Square
                                 • Portion 2, open car parks within Ma Hang Estate
                                 • Portion 3, shops and basement car park in Ma Hang Estate
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 411
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: Stanley Inland Lot No. 98–37,045/116,974 equal and undivided shares
                                 Government lease: 50 years commencing 11 June 2009

 44   Sun Chui Shopping Centre
                                        75,506              620             68.9          4.27%          1,425.8          4.83%

      Brief Description:         Sun Chui Shopping Centre, completed in 1983, comprises
                                 • Commercial centre
                                 • Market
                                 • Car park 1
                                 • Car park 2
                                 • Car park 3
                                 • Cooked food stalls
                                 • Integrated HA associated areas within Sun Yee House
                                 • Open car parks within Sun Chui Estate
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 620
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 554–27,934/395,903 equal and undivided shares
                                 Government lease: 50 years commencing 25 May 2009

 45   Nam Cheong Place
                                        56,519              547             69.7          4.33%          1,420.6          4.91%

      Brief Description:         Nam Cheong Place, (formerly known as Fu Cheong Shopping Centre), completed in 2002, comprises
                                 • Multi storey commercial accommodation
                                 • Ancillary facilities block – integrated commercial/car parking accommodation
                                 • Multi storey car park accommodation
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 547
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6437–31,469/355,647 equal and undivided shares
                                 Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 September 2005




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 177
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                            Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                         Floor Area        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation          2022          Analysis
No.     Properties                            (sq ft)       Spaces    (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)     Initial Yield

 46     Fung Tak Shopping Centre
                                            68,317             487             49.9          4.29%          1,235.6           4.04%

        Brief Description:           Fung Tak Shopping Centre, completed in 1991, comprises
                                     • Commercial centre
                                     • Car park building
                                     • Shops in Bang Fung House and Ngan Fung House
                                     • Asset Enhancement work (AE) in progress as at the valuation date
                                     IFA before AE for letting: 69,638 sq ft
                                     IFA after AE for letting: 68,317 sq ft
                                     Number of Car Park Spaces: 487
        Title Details:               Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                     Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6318 – Sections A and C, and 1,070/202,138 equal and
                                     undivided shares of the Remaining Portion
                                     Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 April 1998

 47     Tai Hing Commercial Centre
                                           102,879             672             61.3          4.42%          1,332.3           4.60%

        Brief Description:           Tai Hing Commercial Centre, completed in 1977, comprises
                                     • Commercial block 1
                                     • Commercial block 2
                                     • Open Car parks and associated areas within Tai Hing Estate
                                     Number of Car Park Spaces: 672
        Title Details:               Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                     Lot details: The Remaining Portion of Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 484–27,288/474,882 equal and
                                     undivided shares
                                     Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 2009

 48     Fu Tai Shopping Centre
                                            61,288             635             63.4          4.19%          1,292.1           4.91%

        Brief Description:           Fu Tai Shopping Centre, completed in 2000, comprises
                                     • Commercial/car park accommodation
                                     • Open Car parks and associated areas within Fu Tai Estate
                                     Number of Car Park Spaces: 635
        Title Details:               Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                     Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 418–38,769/382,833 equal and undivided shares
                                     Government lease: 50 years commencing 12 March 2001




178 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                    Annual Net           Income       Value as at
                                       Internal                       Passing      Capitalisation      31 March
                                    Floor Area        Car Park         Income      Capitalisation          2022           Analysis
No.   Properties                         (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)             Rate    (HKD Million)      Initial Yield

 49   Long Ping Commercial Centre
                                       92,061              564              67.1          4.50%           1,363.8           4.92%

      Brief Description:        Long Ping Commercial Centre, completed in 1987, comprises
                                • Commercial/car park block
                                • Car park/community centre block
                                • Shops in Yuk Ping House, Shek Ping House and Kang Ping House
                                • Associated areas and open car parks within Long Ping Estate
                                Number of Car Park Spaces: 564
      Title Details:            Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                Lot details: Yuen Long Town Lot No. 521–32,958/498,969 equal and undivided shares
                                Government lease: 50 years commencing 15 March 2006

 50   Oi Tung Shopping Centre
                                       81,029              634              64.1          4.37%           1,260.3           5.08%

      Brief Description:        Oi Tung Shopping Centre, completed in 2000, comprises
                                • Commercial centre
                                • Multi storey commercial/car park associated areas with incorporating welfare units in Oi Sin House
                                • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation and associated areas within Oi Tung Estate
                                Number of Car Park Spaces: 634
      Title Details:            Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                Lot details: Shau Kei Wan Inland Lot No. 849–34,910/194,191 equal and undivided shares
                                Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 September 2005

 51   Po Lam Shopping Centre
                                       85,610              398              59.7          4.46%           1,237.4           4.83%

      Brief Description:        Po Lam Shopping Centre, completed in 1989, comprises
                                • Commercial complex I
                                • Commercial complex II
                                • Car park block
                                • Integrated HA accommodation – shops in Po Ning House and Po Kan House
                                • Open car parks
                                • Electricity sub station in Po Lam Estate
                                Number of Car Park Spaces: 398
      Title Details:            Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 88–25,495/341,494 equal and undivided parts
                                Government lease: 50 years commencing 19 October 2004

 52   Mei Lam Shopping Centre
                                       75,926              375              60.5          4.25%           1,251.9           4.83%

      Brief Description:        Mei Lam Shopping Centre, (formerly Mei Lam Commercial Centre), completed in 1981, comprises
                                • Commercial complex
                                • Multi storey car park
                                • Commercial block – cooked food stalls
                                • Portions of Integrated HA accommodation – shop in Mei Fung House
                                Number of Car Park Spaces: 375
      Title Details:            Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 558–29,125/273,313 equal and undivided shares
                                Government lease: 50 years commencing 22 March 2010




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 179
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                       Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022          Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)     Initial Yield

 53     Hing Wah Plaza
                                           82,011              268             62.3          4.38%          1,250.8           4.98%

        Brief Description:          Hing Wah Plaza, completed in 2000, comprises
                                    • Commercial centre
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Integrated commercial/car park associated areas within May Wah House
                                    • Associated areas within Hing Wah Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 268
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 177–27,675/160,197 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 February 2007

 54     Fu Heng Shopping Centre
                                           55,030              517             55.6          4.39%          1,149.6           4.84%

        Brief Description:          Fu Heng Shopping Centre, completed in 1990, comprises
                                    • Commercial/car park building
                                    • Multipurpose complex, excluding indoor recreational centre
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Open car parks within Fu Heng Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 517
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 178–22,900/358,013 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 10 February 2000

 55     Un Chau Shopping Centre
                                           50,180              213             53.7          3.88%          1,260.6           4.26%

        Brief Description:          Un Chau Shopping Centre, completed in 1999, comprises
                                    • Commercial podium
                                    • Car park podium
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 213
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6478–17,388/355,830 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 11 March 2010

 56     Lung Hang Commercial Centre
                                           64,037              440             55.3          4.26%          1,115.8           4.95%

        Brief Description:          Lung Hang Commercial Centre, completed in 1983, comprises
                                    • Commercial complex
                                    • Market
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Cooked food stalls
                                    • Open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 440
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 557–23,047/289,255 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 31 March 2010




180 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                 Annual Net             Income       Value as at
                                       Internal                    Passing        Capitalisation      31 March
                                    Floor Area      Car Park        Income        Capitalisation          2022        Analysis
No.   Properties                         (sq ft)     Spaces    (HKD Million)               Rate    (HKD Million)   Initial Yield

 57   Kwong Fuk Commercial Centre
                                       69,574            461               54.2          4.45%          1,139.8         4.76%

      Brief Description:      Kwong Fuk Commercial Centre, completed in 1983, comprises
                              • Commercial/car park/market complex
                              • Shops in Kwong Yan House
                              • Cooked food stalls
                              • Open car parks and associated areas within Kwong Fuk Estate
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 461
      Title Details:          Held by: Link Properties Limited
                              Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 196–23,946/351,384 equal and undivided shares
                              Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 March 2010

 58   Wan Tsui Commercial Complex
                                       82,296            359               55.6          4.39%          1,096.7         5.07%

      Brief Description:      Wan Tsui Commercial Complex, completed in 1978, comprises
                              • Commercial block
                              • Market/car park block
                              • Car park block
                              • Car park podium
                              • Shops in Yee Tsui House and Shing Tsui House
                              • Government clinic in Lee Tsui House
                              • Open carparks and associated areas within Wan Tsui Estate
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 359
      Title Details:          Held by: Link Properties Limited
                              Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 180–26,208/222,534 equal and undivided shares of and in the
                              Remaining Portion
                              Government lease: 50 years commencing 31 March 2010

 59   Lok Wah Commercial Centre
                                       98,078            650               47.9          4.30%          1,044.6         4.58%

      Brief Description:      Lok Wah Commercial Centre, completed in 1985, comprises
                              • Commercial/car park complex
                              • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation within Po Wah House, Kan Wah House, Lap Wah
                                 House, Tat Wah House, Ning Wah House and Shun Wah House
                              • Open car parks and associated areas within Lok Wah (North) Estate
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 650
      Title Details:          Held by: Link Properties Limited
                              Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6460–38,134/513,788 equal and undivided shares
                              Government lease: 50 years commencing 9 September 2008

 60   Maritime Bay
                                       41,017              0               42.3          4.00%            965.7         4.38%

      Brief Description:      Maritime Bay, completed in 1998, comprises
                              • Commercial accommodation
      Title Details:          Held by: Great Land (HK) Limited
                              Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 49–573/5,411 equal and undivided shares
                              Government lease: New Grant No. SK 8530 for a term commencing 27 March 1995 to 30 June 2047




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021/2022 181
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net           Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                       Passing      Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park         Income      Capitalisation          2022        Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)             Rate    (HKD Million)   Initial Yield

 61     Yiu On Shopping Centre
                                           50,765              547             48.7           4.27%            955.1         5.10%

        Brief Description:          Yiu On Shopping Centre, completed in 1989, comprises
                                    • Multipurpose complex – shops, market and parking spaces
                                    • Open car parks within Yiu On Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 547
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 505–12,616/306,501 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

 62     Cheung Wah Shopping Centre
                                           72,166              353             41.5           4.34%            920.1         4.51%

        Brief Description:          Cheung Wah shopping Centre, completed in 1984, comprises
                                    • Commercial centre
                                    • Car park 1
                                    • Car park 2
                                    • Cooked food stalls on rooftop
                                    • Market
                                    • Shops in Cheung Lai House and Cheung Chung House
                                    • Open car parks within Cheung Wah Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 353
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot No. 226–26,310/299,811 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 16 June 2004

 63     Hiu Lai Shopping Centre
                                           34,560              637             44.8           4.32%            923.5         4.85%

        Brief Description:          Hiu Lai Sopping Centre, completed in 1996, comprises
                                    • Commercial car park block in Hiu Tin House
                                    • Kindergartens in Hiu On House
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 637
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No 6205 – Section A, and 1,000/249,375 equal and undivided
                                    shares in the Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: For a term commencing 11 November 1994 to 30 June 2047

 64     Hoi Fu Shopping Centre
                                           40,335              225             40.1           4.21%            871.0         4.60%

        Brief Description:          Hoi Fu Shopping Centre, completed in 1999, comprises
                                    • Block E portions – commercial building
                                    • Block D portions – car parking, elderly housing, care home
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 225
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 11141–9,413/204,120 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 16 July 1999




182 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                     Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                         Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                      Floor Area        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation          2022            Analysis
No.   Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces    (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)       Initial Yield

 65   Tin Tsz Shopping Centre
                                         36,865              289            38.5            4.26%          808.5             4.77%

      Brief Description:          Tin Tsz Shopping Centre, completed in 1997, comprises
                                  • Commercial/car park block
                                  • Car park block
                                  • Shops in Tsz Ping House
                                  • Associated areas and car parks within Tin Tsz Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 289
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 40–17,511/202,482 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 June 2007

 66   Sam Shing Commercial Centre
                                         69,580              176            43.8            4.38%          846.8             5.17%

      Brief Description:          Sam Shing Commercial Centre, completed in 1980, comprises
                                  • Commercial complex
                                  • Market
                                  • Cooked food stalls
                                  • Shop stalls
                                  • Integrated commercial/car park in Chun Yu House, Moon Yu House and Fung Yu House
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 176
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 481–14,434/115,271 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 22 March 2010

 67   Hing Tung Shopping Centre
                                         53,034              420            28.9            4.36%          615.4             4.69%

      Brief Description:          Hing Tung Shopping Centre, completed in 1995, comprises
                                  • Commercial car park block
                                  • Lift Tower No. 1 – associated areas and shop unit
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 420
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Shau Kei Wan Inland Lot No. 851–23,786/155,258 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 February 2010

 68   Kin Sang Shopping Centre
                                         36,623              273            25.1            4.27%          550.0             4.56%

      Brief Description:          Kin Sang Shopping Centre, completed in 1990, comprises
                                  • Commercial block
                                  • Car park block
                                  • Associated areas within Kin Sang Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 273
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 441–14,100/28,621 equal and undivided shares of and in
                                  Section A
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 April 1998




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 183
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                       Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation          2022         Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces    (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)    Initial Yield

 69     Yiu Tung Shopping Centre
                                           63,416             685             24.7           4.47%           551.2           4.48%

        Brief Description:          Yiu Tung Shopping Centre, completed in 1994, comprises
                                    • Commercial centre
                                    • Car park block no. 1
                                    • Car park block no. 2
                                    • Unit in Yiu Tung Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 685
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Shau Kei Wan Inland Lot No. 852–35,548/381,831 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 March 2010

 70     Ping Tin Shopping Centre
                                           24,400             406             22.9           4.52%           497.2           4.60%

        Brief Description:          Ping Tin Shopping Centre, completed in 1997, comprises
                                    • Commercial centre
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Ancillary facilities block
                                    • Open car parks within Ping Tin Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 406
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6446–16,966/362,174 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 30 March 2009

 71     Retail and Car Park within Tung Tau Estate
                                           37,984             493             23.9           4.45%           509.9           4.68%

        Brief Description:          Tung Tau Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1982, comprises
                                    • Commercial complex
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Shop units in front of the commercial complex
                                    • Shops in Cheung Tung House, Hong Tung House, On Tung House, Yue Tung House and Wong
                                      Tung House
                                    • Open car parks within Tung Tau Estate
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 493
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6413–16,942/349,186 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 24 January 2002




184 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                           Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                      Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                     Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area      Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022          Analysis
No.   Properties                             (sq ft)     Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)     Initial Yield

 72   Shun On Commercial Centre
                                           80,993            459             22.7            4.44%          498.6           4.56%

      Brief Description:          Shun On Commercial Centre, completed in 1978, comprises
                                  • Commercial block 1 – portions
                                  • Commercial block 2 – portions
                                  • Commercial car park block
                                  • Integrated commercial/car park associated areas within On Kwan House, On Chung House and
                                    On Yat House
                                  • Commercial facilities, associated areas and open car parks within Shun On Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 459
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6472–20,130/179,429 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 July 2008

 73   Yin Lai Court Shopping Centre
                                           10,584            150             18.9            4.26%          386.1           4.89%

      Brief Description:          Yin Lai Court Shopping Centre, completed in 1991, comprises
                                  • Commercial/car park building
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 150
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 389 – Section A
                                  Government lease: For a term commencing 21 September 1990 to 30 June 2047

 74   Car Park within Kin Ming Estate
                                                  0          763             23.1            5.00%          420.9           5.49%

      Brief Description:          Kin Ming Estate – Car Park, completed in 2003, comprises
                                  • Car parking in the commercial/car park building
                                  • Car parking spaces in Kin Ming Estate
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 763
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 109–39,133/420,644 equal and undivided shares
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 15 March 2010

 75   Retail and Car Park within Cheung On Estate
                                             3,915           484             18.7            4.58%          376.7           4.97%

      Brief Description:          Cheung On Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1988, comprises
                                  • Car park 1
                                  • Car park 2
                                  • Shop units and medical centre in On Tao House
                                  Number of Car Park Spaces: 484
      Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                  Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 160 – Sections D and F, and 403/293,522 equal and undivided
                                  shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                                  Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 April 1998




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021/2022 185
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net          Income         Value as at
                                             Internal                     Passing     Capitalisation        31 March
                                          Floor Area      Car Park         Income     Capitalisation            2022         Analysis
No.     Properties                             (sq ft)     Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate      (HKD Million)    Initial Yield

 76     Retail and Car Park within Hong Pak Court
                                             17,956            549             18.6            4.39%             389.8         4.77%

        Brief Description:          Hong Pak Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                                    • Car park building incorporating two kindergarten units
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 549
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6095 – Section A
                                    Government lease: For a term commencing 25 September 1991 to 30 June 2047

 77     Retail and Car Park within Cheung Wang Estate
                                             11,532            333             18.6            4.64%             353.1         5.27%

        Brief Description:          Cheung Wang Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Multi storey car park
                                    • Commercial car park block
                                    • Associated areas and open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 333
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 178–13,010/259,640 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 25 March 2009

 78     Car Park within Tin Yuet Estate
                                                    0          560             14.2            4.40%             302.0         4.71%

        Brief Description:          Tin Yuet Estate – Car Park, completed in 2000, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 560
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tin Shui Wai No. 41 – portion of 50,802/297,568 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 June 2010

 79     Retail and Car Park within Lok Wah (South) Estate
                                             16,086            226             12.4            4.66%             251.2         4.93%

        Brief Description:          Lok Wah (South) Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1982, comprises
                                    • Market stalls at Chin Wah House
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Cooked food stalls near On Wah House
                                    • Shop units in On Wah House
                                    • Associated areas and open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 226
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6460–13,231/513,788 and portion of 667/513,788 equal
                                    and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 9 September 2008




186 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                         Annual Net          Income        Value as at
                                            Internal                       Passing     Capitalisation       31 March
                                         Floor Area        Car Park         Income     Capitalisation           2022          Analysis
No.   Properties                              (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate     (HKD Million)     Initial Yield

 80   Po Hei Court Commercial Centre
                                            13,686                 0             9.6          3.30%             257.9           3.71%

      Brief Description:             Po Hei Court Commercial Centre, completed in 1993, comprises
                                     • Retail units in block A and block B
      Title Details:                 Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                     Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6117–1,354/20,256 equal and undivided shares
                                     Government lease: For a term commencing 17 July 1992 to 30 June 2047

 81   Retail and Car Park within Wo Ming Court
                                              7,342             379             13.7          4.30%             289.5           4.74%

      Brief Description:             Wo Ming Court – Retail and Car park, completed in 1999, comprises
                                     • Car park building
                                     • Kindergarten unit in Wo Yat House
                                     Number of Car Park Spaces: 379
      Title Details:                 Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                     Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 52 – Section A and 728/82,796 equal and undivided shares
                                     of and in the Remaining Portion
                                     Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 November 1997

 82   Retail and Car Park within Ko Chun Court
                                              7,332             323             12.8          4.47%             265.3           4.82%

      Brief Description:             Ko Chun Court, Retail and Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                                     • Commercial/car park building
                                     • Kindergarten in Chun Moon House
                                     Number of Car Park Spaces: 323
      Title Details:                 Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                     Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6189 – Section A and 530/81,791 equal and undivided
                                     shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                                     Government lease: For a term commencing 3 June 1993 to 30 June 2047

 83   Car Park within Ka Tin Court
                                                   0            348             11.2          4.40%             233.2           4.82%

      Brief Description:             Ka Tin Court – Car Park, completed in 1988, comprises
                                     • Car park building
                                     Number of Car Park Spaces: 348
      Title Details:                 Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                     Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 290 – Section A
                                     Government lease: For a term of 99 years less 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended
                                     to 30 June 2047




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022 187
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net           Income        Value as at
                                             Internal                     Passing      Capitalisation       31 March
                                          Floor Area      Car Park         Income      Capitalisation           2022         Analysis
No.     Properties                             (sq ft)     Spaces     (HKD Million)             Rate     (HKD Million)    Initial Yield

 84     Retail and Car Park within Ching Wah Court
                                               9,118           348              11.0           4.39%            234.7          4.67%

        Brief Description:          Ching Wang Court – Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 348
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 137–2,516/36,665 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 20 April 1999

 85     Retail and Car Park within Tin Yat Estate
                                               8,784           446              11.0           4.57%            225.8          4.86%

        Brief Description:          Tin Yat Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Car park building incorporating a kindergarten
                                    • Open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 446
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 42–15,485/226,221 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 October 2008

 86     Car Park within Tin King Estate
                                                    0          380              11.0           4.30%            233.1          4.71%

        Brief Description:          Tin King Estate – Car Park, completed in 1989, comprises
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 380
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 444–4,036/197,161 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

 87     Car Park within Tsz Man Estate
                                                    0          364              12.5           4.90%            232.0          5.41%

        Brief Description:          Tsz Man Estate – Car Park, completed in 1994, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    • Associated areas
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 364
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6441–9,121/139,291 equal and undivided shares of and in
                                    the Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 28 February 2008




188 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                     Annual Net          Income         Value as at
                                          Internal                     Passing     Capitalisation        31 March
                                       Floor Area      Car Park         Income     Capitalisation            2022         Analysis
No.   Properties                            (sq ft)     Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate      (HKD Million)    Initial Yield

 88   Retail and Car Park within Hong Yat Court
                                            7,040           355             10.2           4.39%             218.1          4.69%

      Brief Description:         Hong Yat Court – Retail and Car park, completed in 1993, comprises
                                 • Car park building incorporating a kindergarten
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 355
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6329–4,582/99,200 equal and undivided shares
                                 Government lease: 50 years commencing 5 February 2001

 89   Retail and Car Park within Tong Ming Court
                                          21,283            291              9.2           4.29%             215.7          4.26%

      Brief Description:         Tong Ming Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                                 • Car park building incorporating shops and a children and youth centre
                                 • Day nursery in Tong Wong House
                                 • Kindergarten in Tong Fu House
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 291
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 54 – Section A and 1,153/98,512 equal and undivided
                                 shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                                 Government lease: For a term commencing 26 June 1997 to 30 June 2047

 90   Car Park within Wah Lai Estate
                                                 0          411             10.4           4.60%             207.8          5.01%

      Brief Description:         Wah Lai Estate – Car park, completed in 2001, comprises
                                 • Car park building
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 411
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 445–21,700/102,614 equal and undivided shares of and in the
                                 Remaining Portion of Section A
                                 Government lease: 50 years commencing 25 May 2001

 91   Retail and Car Park within Tin Wah Estate
                                            1,476           287              9.9           4.36%             208.4          4.74%

      Brief Description:         Tin Wah Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                                 • Ancillary facilities block shops and car parking spaces
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 287
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 43–11,225/236,423 equal and undivided shares
                                 Government lease: 50 years commencing 12 May 2010




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 189
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                         Annual Net          Income        Value as at
                                           Internal                        Passing     Capitalisation       31 March
                                        Floor Area         Car Park         Income     Capitalisation           2022           Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)        Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate     (HKD Million)      Initial Yield

 92     Retail and Car Park within Tsui Wan Estate
                                           13,631               182              9.4           4.39%             205.2           4.57%

        Brief Description:          Tsui Wan Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                                    • Retail units – free standing
                                    • Commercial accommodation
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 182
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 166–3,254/123,068 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

 93     Car Park within Ning Fung Court
                                                  0             299              9.7           4.20%             209.9           4.60%

        Brief Description:          Ning Fung Court – Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 299
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 477–3,072/78,707 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 15 October 1999

 94     Car Park within Wang Fuk Court
                                                  0             408              7.7           4.10%             173.2           4.42%

        Brief Description:          Wang Fuk Court – Car Park, completed in 1983, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 408
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 27 – Section A
                                    Government lease: For a term of 99 years less the last 3 days, commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily
                                    extended to 30 June 2047

 95     Car Park within Po Pui Court
                                                  0             277              8.5           4.30%             179.8           4.73%

        Brief Description:          Po Pui Court – Car Park, completed in 1995, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 277
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Kwun Tong Inland Lot No. 728 – Section A
                                    Government lease: For a term commencing 8 February 1994 to 30 June 2047




190 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                          Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                     Annual Net           Income        Value as at
                                           Internal                    Passing      Capitalisation       31 March
                                        Floor Area     Car Park         Income      Capitalisation           2022         Analysis
No.   Properties                             (sq ft)    Spaces     (HKD Million)             Rate     (HKD Million)    Initial Yield

 96   Car Park within Ming Nga Court
                                                  0         345               7.1           4.00%            163.3          4.32%

      Brief Description:         Ming Nga Court – Car Park, completed in 1985, comprises
                                 • Car park building
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 345
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 36 – Section A
                                 Government lease: 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to
                                 30 June 2047

 97   Car Park within Ying Ming Court
                                                  0         274               8.0           4.30%            170.4          4.67%

      Brief Description:         Ying Ming Court – Car Park, completed in 1989, comprises
                                 • Car port building
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 274
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: Junk Bay Town Lot No. 4 – Section A
                                 Government lease: 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to
                                 30 June 2047

 98   Retail and Car Park within Yan Ming Court
                                             7,019          262               7.1           4.38%            164.5          4.29%

      Brief Description:         Yan Ming Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1990, comprises
                                 • Commercial/car park centre
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 262
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: Junk Bay Town Lot No. 9 – Section A
                                 Government lease: For a term commencing 22 January 1987 to 30 June 2047

 99   Car Park within Yue On Court
                                                  0         296               7.6           4.30%            163.6          4.64%

      Brief Description:         Yue On Court – Car Park, completed in 1988, comprises
                                 • Car park building incorporating an office
                                 Number of Car Park Spaces: 296
      Title Details:             Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                 Lot details: ap Lei Chau Inland Lot No. 117 – Section A
                                 Government lease: 75 years commencing 1 February 1982, renewable for a further 75 years




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 191
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                       Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022            Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)       Initial Yield

 100    Car Park within Tsui Ping South Estate
                                             5,275             229              9.0          5.06%            161.2             5.56%

        Brief Description:          Tsui Ping South Estate – Car Park, completed in 1990, comprises
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Open car park
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 229
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Kwun Tong Inland Lot No. 755–6,785/291,576 equal and undivided shares of and in the
                                    Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 27 November 2009

 101    Car Park within Lai On Estate
                                                  0            181              9.0          4.80%            171.4             5.26%

        Brief Description:          Lai On Estate – Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    • Open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 181
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6482–5,099/90,111 equal and undivided shares of and in
                                    the Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 6 March 2009

 102    Retail and Car Park within Nam Cheong Estate
                                             8,112             156              6.8          4.32%            150.7             4.52%

        Brief Description:          Nam Cheong Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1989, comprises
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Shops in Cheong Shun House, Cheong Yat House, Cheong On House and Cheong Yin House
                                    • Open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 156
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6427–3,670/109,764 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 17 August 2005

 103    Retail and Car Park within Tsz Oi Court
                                           13,306              199              6.4          4.74%            148.9             4.33%

        Brief Description:          Tsz Oi Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in phases from 1997 to 2000, comprises
                                    • Car park building incorporating a kindergarten
                                    • Kindergarten in Phase III
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 199
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    1. Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6211 – Section A
                                    Government lease: for a term commencing 9 June 1995 to 30 June 2047
                                    2. Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6265–699/113,761 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 7 May 1999




192 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                          Internal                        Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                       Floor Area         Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022        Analysis
No.    Properties                           (sq ft)        Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)   Initial Yield

 104   Retail and Car Park within Sau Mau Ping (III) Estate
                                            1,507              205              6.5           4.54%            132.5        4.87%

       Brief Description:          Sau Mau Ping (III) Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1996, comprises
                                   • Car park block incorporating a ground floor retail unit
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 205
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6453–7,222/833,450 equal and undivided shares of and in
                                   the Remaining Portion
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007

 105   Car Park within Upper Ngau Tau Kok Estate
                                                  0            228              6.7           4.80%            130.9        5.15%

       Brief Description:          Upper Ngau Tau Kok Estate – Car Park, completed in 2002, comprises
                                   • Car park building
                                   • Associated areas
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 228
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6471–9,334/126,664 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 6 May 2008

 106   Retail and Car Park within Lok Nga Court
                                           12,616              265              5.1           4.13%            123.7        4.14%

       Brief Description:          Lok Nga Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1984, comprises
                                   • Car park block incorporating an indoor sports hall
                                   • Open car parks
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 265
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 5969 – Section A and 1/28,952 equal and undivided shares
                                   of and in the remaining portion
                                   Government lease: 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to
                                   30 June 2047

 107   Car Park within Sau Mau Ping (I) Estate
                                                  0            395              6.2           4.00%            145.6        4.26%

       Brief Description:          Sau Mau Ping (I) Estate – Car Park, completed in 2002, comprises
                                   • Multi storey car park B
                                   • Integrated commercial/car park accommodation
                                   • Associated areas
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 395
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6453–14,364/833,450 and portion of 10/833,450 equal and
                                   undivided shares of and in the Remaining Portion
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 23 February 2007




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022 193
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net           Income        Value as at
                                           Internal                       Passing      Capitalisation       31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park         Income      Capitalisation           2022         Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)             Rate     (HKD Million)    Initial Yield

 108    Car Park within Kam On Court
                                                    0          238               5.8          4.30%             125.6          4.65%

        Brief Description:          Kam On Court – Car Park, completed in 1987, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 238
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Sha Tin Town Lot No. 283 – Section A
                                    Government lease: 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to
                                    30 June 2047

 109    Car Park within Ching Wang Court
                                                    0          179               6.1          4.30%             133.4          4.61%

        Brief Description:          Ching Wang Court – Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 179
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tsing Yi Town Lot No. 137–2,516/36,665 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 20 April 1999

 110    Car Park within Yee Kok Court
                                                    0          240               5.4          4.10%             124.5          4.35%

        Brief Description:          Yee Kok Court – Car Park, completed in 1981, comprises
                                    • Car park building
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 240
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 5911 – Section A
                                    Government lease: 99 years less the last 3 days commencing 1 July 1898, statutorily extended to
                                    30 June 2047

 111    Retail and Car Park within Ying Fuk Court
                                               786             163               6.0          4.55%             124.3          4.79%

        Brief Description:          Ying Fuk Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 2001, comprises
                                    • Car park block incorporating a shop unit
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 163
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6266 – the Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 7 May 1999

 112    Car Park within San Wai Court
                                                    0          185               5.1          4.30%             107.5          4.74%

        Brief Description:          San Wai Court – Car Park, completed in 1990, comprises
                                    • Multi storey car park
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 185
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 326 – Section A
                                    Government lease: For a term commencing 3 January 1989 to 30 June 2047




194 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                       Annual Net          Income       Value as at
                                           Internal                      Passing     Capitalisation      31 March
                                        Floor Area       Car Park         Income     Capitalisation          2022        Analysis
No.    Properties                            (sq ft)      Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate    (HKD Million)   Initial Yield

 113   Car Park within Tin Yau Court
                                                  0           192              4.7           4.30%           105.0         4.47%

       Brief Description:          Tin Yau Court – Car Park, completed in 1992, comprises
                                   • Carport
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 192
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: Tin Shui Wai Town Lot No. 10, Section A
                                   Government lease: For a term commencing 23 January 1992 to 30 June 2047

 114   Car Park within Yee Nga Court
                                                  0           159              4.4           4.10%           101.2         4.37%

       Brief Description:          Yee Nga Court – Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                                   • Car park
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 159
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: Tai Po Town Lot No. 120, Section A
                                   Government lease: For a term commencing 22 May 1991 to 30 June 2047

 115   Car Park within King Lai Court
                                                  0           158              3.9           4.20%            92.3         4.22%

       Brief Description:          King Lai Court – Car Park, completed in 1989, comprises
                                   • Car park block
                                   • Car parks
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 158
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 5943 – Section A
                                   Government lease: For a term commencing 4 March 1985 to 30 June 2047

 116   Car Park within Fung Lai Court
                                                  0           134              3.7           4.10%            86.2         4.27%

       Brief Description:          Fung Lai Court – Car Park, completed in 1997, comprises
                                   • Car park building
                                   • Open car parks
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 134
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6240–1,512/33,911 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: For a term commencing 7 June 1996 to 30 June 2047




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021/2022 195
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                        Annual Net          Income         Value as at
                                           Internal                       Passing     Capitalisation        31 March
                                        Floor Area        Car Park         Income     Capitalisation            2022        Analysis
No.     Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate      (HKD Million)   Initial Yield

 117    Retail and Car Park within Hung Hom Estate
                                             3,994              45              3.2           4.15%              83.4         3.79%

        Brief Description:          Hung Hom Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Shops in Hung Fai House
                                    • Open car parks
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 45
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: Hung Hom Inland Lot No. 554–1,573/51,548 equal and undivided shares
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 29 August 2008

 118    Retail and Car Park within Tin Wang Court
                                             9,946              79              2.4           4.38%              58.8         4.10%

        Brief Description:          Tin Wang Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1992, comprises
                                    • Car park block incorporating a kindergarten
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 79
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6131 – the Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: For a term commencing 21 May 1991 to 30 June 2047

 119    Car Park within Hong Keung Court
                                                  0             93              4.0           4.70%              80.8         4.92%

        Brief Description:          Hong Keung Court – Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                                    • Car park block
                                    • Office (self use)
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 93
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6239, the Remaining Portion
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 January 1999

 120    Retail and Car Park within Hong Shui Court
                                               345             102              2.8           4.30%              61.2         4.64%
        Brief Description:          Hong Shui Court – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1999, comprises
                                    • Car park block incorporating a commercial unit
                                    Number of Car Park Spaces: 102
        Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                    Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6227, Section A
                                    Government lease: 50 years commencing 14 May 1998




196 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                       Annual Net          Income        Value as at
                                          Internal                       Passing     Capitalisation       31 March
                                       Floor Area        Car Park         Income     Capitalisation           2022        Analysis
No.    Properties                           (sq ft)       Spaces     (HKD Million)            Rate     (HKD Million)   Initial Yield

 121   Car Park within Kwai Hong Court
                                                  0            88              2.6          4.50%              59.0         4.38%

       Brief Description:          Kwai Hong Court – Car Park, completed in 1993, comprises
                                   • Car park Building
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 88
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: Kwai Chung Town Lot No. 420–1,100/35,351 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: For a term commencing 1 March 1990 to 30 June 2047

 122   Car Park within Pang Ching Court
                                                  0            67              1.9          4.70%              38.8         4.81%

       Brief Description:          Pang Ching Court – Car Park, completed in 1991, comprises
                                   • Open car parks
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 67
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6121 – Section A
                                   Government lease: For a term commencing 21 September 1990 to 30 June 2047

 123   Car Park within Lower Wong Tai Sin (I) Estate
                                                  0            70              1.4          4.10%              32.7         4.40%

       Brief Description:          Lower Wong Tai Sin (I) Estate – Car Park, completed in 1982, comprises
                                   • Open car parks
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 70
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6373–674/240,107 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 February 2001

 124   Car Park within Chuk Yuen (North) Estate
                                                  0            61              1.1          5.10%              22.3         4.94%

       Brief Description:          Chuk Yuen (North) Estate – Car Park, completed in 1987, comprises
                                   • Open car parking areas
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 61
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6327–687/364,071 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 18 March 1999

 125   Retail and Car Park within Ko Yee Estate
                                                  0            38              0.9          4.02%              20.0         4.73%

       Brief Description:          Ko Yee Estate – Retail and Car Park, completed in 1994, comprises
                                   • Car park block
                                   • Commercial block
                                   • Open car parks
                                   Number of Car Park Spaces: 38
       Title Details:              Held by: Link Properties Limited
                                   Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6480–1,518/80,343 equal and undivided shares
                                   Government lease: 50 years commencing 8 January 2010




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022 197
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




Schedule of Values
                                                                                                          Value as at 31 March 2022
No.     Properties                                            Gross Floor Area (sq ft)                                 (HKD Million)

 126    The Quayside
                                                                              883,127                                      9,817.6*

        Brief Description:            The Quayside, completed in 2019, comprises
                                      • Office Tower 1
                                      • Office Tower 2
                                      • Retail Podium
                                      • Basement Car Park
                                      Number of Car Park Spaces: 457
        Title Details:                Held by: Century Land Investment Limited
                                      Lot details: New Kowloon Inland Lot No. 6512
                                      Conditions of Sale No.20240: 50 years commencing 23 February 2015
        * Value breakdown for the two floors as self-used office is HKD 1,246 Million.



                                                                                                          Value as at 31 March 2022
No.     Properties                                          Internal Floor Area (sq ft)                                (HKD Million)

 127    700 Nathan Road, Mong Kok
                                                                              175,153                                       4,011.8

        Brief Description:            700 Nathan Road, formerly known as Trade and Industry Department Tower, renovated in 2017,
                                      comprises
                                      • Retail Podium
                                      • Office Tower
        Title Details:                Held by: Link Monte Hong Kong Limited
                                      Lot details: Kowloon Inland Lot No. 10470–24,750/25,000 equal and undivided shares
                                      Conditions of Grant No.11419: 75 years commencing 30 May 1980




198 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                                                             Value as at 31 March 2022
No.      Properties                                          Gross Floor Area (sq ft)                                     (HKD Million)

 128     Hung Hom Car Service
         Centre
                                                                             421,401                                             3,120.0

         Brief Description:          Hung Hom Car Service Centre, completed in 1980, comprises
                                     • A 13-storey mixed-use car park building with a car showroom on the ground floor, workshops
                                       from 1st floor to 4th floor, public car parks from 5th floor to 12th floor and uncovered parking
                                       spaces on the roof
                                     Number of Car Park Spaces: 932
                                     Ramp access from ground floor to roof floor
         Title Details:              Held by: Zung Fu Land Investment Limited
                                     Lot details: The Remaining Portion Of Section A of Kowloon Marine Lot No. 27 and the extension
                                     thereto
                                     Government Lease: 999 years commencing on 16 November 1884

 129     Chai Wan Car Service
         Centre
                                                                             438,351                                             2,700.0

         Brief Description:          Chai Wan Car Service Centre, completed in 1989, comprises
                                     • A 9-storey industrial building with G/F car showroom, upper floors for car repairing workshops,
                                        ancillary office, canteen, customer reception area, godown (storage), and a roof with solar panels
                                        installed
                                     Number of Car Park Spaces: 45 (including 20 lorry parking spaces and 25 private parking spaces that
                                     are located both on G/F and 1/F)
                                     Ramp access from ground floor to 4th floor
         Title Details:              Held by: Apollo Luck Limited
                                     Lot details: Chai Wan Inland Lot No. 114
                                     Conditions of Sale No. 11525: 75 years renewable for 75 years commencing on 24 July 1981


The above Schedule of Values is a summary of the Full Valuation Report, a comprehensive version (in English) of which is available
for inspection at the registered office of the Manager.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021/2022 199
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




PRC Properties

                                                                                 Annual Net          Income
                                                                                   Passing     Capitalisation    Value as at
                                   Retail GFA     Office GFA        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation 31 March 2022        Analysis
No.     Properties                     (sq m)          (sq m)        Spaces    (RMB Million)            Rate (RMB Million)      Initial Yield

 1      Link Square
                                         7,375      75,780             226             240          4.29%          6,630.0         3.61%

        Brief Description:     Link Square, Shanghai, completed in 2003, comprises
                               • Office Tower 1
                               • Office Tower 2
                               • Retail Podium
                               • Pavilion
                               • Basement Car Park
                               Number of Car Park Spaces: 226
        Title Details:         The Properties are held by 上海興邦房地產有限公司 (Shanghai Xing Bang Properties Co., Ltd.).
                               The land use rights were granted for terms of 50 years commencing on 16 May 2001 and expiring on 15
                               May 2051 for composite uses.

 2      Link Plaza • ZGC
                                        55,423             0           367             142          4.50%          2,990.0         4.75%

        Brief Description:     Link Plaza • ZGC, Beijing, completed in 2009, comprises
                               • Shopping Mall
                               • Basement Car Park
                               Number of Car Park Spaces: 367
        Title Details:         The Properties are held by 益颯美置業 ( 天津 ) 有限公司 (ECM Property Holding (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.).
                               The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 13 May 2011 and expiring on 12
                               May 2051 for commercial uses.

 3      Link Plaza • Guangzhou
                                        88,726             0         1,034             210          4.75%          4,480.0         4.69%

        Brief Description:     Link Plaza • Guangzhou, completed in 2011, comprises
                               • Retail Mall Portion of The Riverside
                               • Basement Car Park
                               Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,034
        Title Details:         The Properties are registered under strata-title ownership of 271 Realty Title Certificates under the name of
                               廣州牽晴匯房地產有限公司 (Guangzhou Qian Qing Hui Real Estate Company Ltd.).
                               The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 21 October 2002 and expiring on
                               20 October 2042 for commercial uses.




200 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                                Annual Net          Income
                                                                                  Passing     Capitalisation    Value as at
                                  Retail GFA     Office GFA        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation 31 March 2022        Analysis
No.   Properties                      (sq m)          (sq m)        Spaces    (RMB Million)            Rate (RMB Million)      Initial Yield

 4    Link Plaza • Jingtong
                                    67,546                0            576              97         4.75%          2,560.0         3.78%

      Brief Description:      Link Plaza • Jingtong, Beijing, completed in 2014, comprises
                              • Retail Floors from B1 to L6
                              • Basement Car Park
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 576
      Title Details:          The registered owner of the Properties is 北京亞騰房地產經營管理有限公司 .
                              The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 9 December 2010 and expiring on
                              8 December 2050 for commercial uses.

 5    Link CentralWalk
                                    83,900                0            741            150          4.25%          6,340.0         2.36%

      Brief Description:      Link CentralWalk, Shenzhen, completed in 2006, comprises
                              • Shopping Mall
                              • Basement Car Park
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 741
      Title Details:          The Properties are registered under strata-title ownership of 344 Realty Title Certificates under the name of
                              保怡物業管理（深圳）有限公司 (Baoyi Property Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.).
                              The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 29 September 2002 and expiring
                              on 28 September 2042 for commercial uses.

 6    Qibao Vanke Plaza
                                   148,853                0          1,471            304          4.50%         3,445.0*         4.42%

      Brief Description:      Qibao Vanke Plaza, Shanghai, completed in 2016, comprises
                              • Shopping Mall
                              • Basement Car Park
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 1,471
      Title Details:          The Property is registered under strata-title ownership of 2 Realty Title Certificates under the name of
                              上海新寶置業有限公司 (Shanghai Xinbao Real Estate Co., Ltd.).
                              The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 12 November 2012 and expiring
                              on 11 November 2052 for commercial uses.
                              * 50% Interest

 7    Happy Valley Shopping Mall
                                    90,113                0           800             123          4.75%          3,384.0         3.63%

      Brief Description:      Happy Valley Shopping Mall, Guangzhou, completed in 2012, comprises
                              • Shopping Mall
                              • Basement Car Park
                              Number of Car Park Spaces: 800
      Title Details:          The Property is registered under strata-title ownership of 813 Realty Title Certificates under the name of
                              廣州陛鹿物業管理有限公司 (Guangzhou Bilu Property Management Co., Ltd.).
                              The land use rights were granted for terms of 40 years commencing on 12 July 1999 and expiring on 11
                              July 2039 for various commercial uses.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021/2022 201
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




                                                                                 Annual Net          Income
                                   Warehouse                                       Passing     Capitalisation    Value as at
                                         GFA      Office GFA        Car Park        Income     Capitalisation 31 March 2022         Analysis
No.      Properties                    (sq m)          (sq m)        Spaces    (RMB Million)            Rate (RMB Million)       Initial Yield

 8       Dongguan Warehouse
                                    110,015                0               0             47         5.00%            888.0          5.30%

         Brief Description:    Warehouse in Dongguan, the warehouse portion is completed in 2019 while the office portion is completed
                               in 2020, it comprises
                               • Two blocks of double-storey ramp-up warehouse
                               • Two blocks of single-storey ramp-up warehouse
                               • A 11-storey office building
         Title Details:        The Property is registered under strata-title ownership of 9 Realty Title Certificates under the name of
                               東莞嘉田倉儲有限公司 (Dongguan Jiatian Warehousing Co., Ltd.).
                               The land use rights were granted for warehouse use, for a term expiring on 21 November 2067.


 9       Foshan Warehouse
                                        86,793             0               0             25         5.00%            505.0          4.98%

         Brief Description:    Warehouse in Foshan, completed in 2020, it comprises
                               • Two blocks of double-storey ramp-up warehouse
                               • A 6-storey dormitory
                               • A 3-storey structure with utility platform
                               • A single block of ancillary building
         Title Details:        The Property is registered under strata-title ownership of 5 Realty Title Certificates under the name of
                               佛山正聯倉儲有限公司 (Foshan Zhenglian Warehousing Co., Ltd.).
                               The land use rights were granted for terms of 50 years commencing on 29 September 2017 and expiring
                               on 28 September 2067 for warehouse uses.


The above Schedule of Values is a summary of the Full Valuation Report, a comprehensive version (in English) of which is available
for inspection at the registered office of the Manager.




202 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




UK Property

                                                                                 Annual Net           Income
                                                                                   Passing      Capitalisation    Value as at
                                              Net Internal         Car Park         Income      Capitalisation 31 March 2022
No.   Properties                              Area (sq m)           Spaces     (GBP Million)             Rate (GBP Million)

 1    The Cabot, London
                                                    44,743               65               14           5.19%             375.9

      Brief Description:   The Cabot, London, completed in 1991 with major refurbishment in 2020, comprises
                           • Office
                           • Retail Podium
                           • Basement Car Park
                           Number of Car Park Spaces: 65
      Title Details:       The Property is legally and beneficially held by 25 Cabot Square S.a’r.l (Leasehold) and Cabot Square
                           Retail S.a’r.l (Leasehold).
                           The subject property is held freehold registered under title number EGL 317234 and leasehold under
                           title EGL 513746.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022 203
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Valuation Report




Australia Property

                                                                                           Annual Net          Income
                                                                                             Passing     Capitalisation    Value as at
                                                        Net Lettable         Car Park         Income     Capitalisation 31 March 2022
No.      Properties                                     Area (sq m)           Spaces     (AUD Million)            Rate (AUD Million)

 1       100 Market Street, Sydney
                                                             28,339                 0               29           4.40%             700.0

         Brief Description:          100 Market Street, Sydney, originally constructed in the 1970’s and substantially redeveloped in
                                     2010/11 as part of the larger Westfield Sydney redevelopment, comprises
                                     • An office building stratum forming part of the larger Westfield Sydney Complex
         Title Details:              The Property is held by Scentre Sydney No. 1 Pty Ltd (in 999,997/2,000,000 share), Scentre Sydney
                                     No. 2 Pty Ltd (in 999,997/2,000,000 share) and Windsor Sub TC Pty Ltd (in 6/2,000,000) as Tenants
                                     in Common (Freehold); and Market Sub TC Pty Ltd (Leasehold).


The above Schedule of Values is a summary of the Full Valuation Report, a comprehensive version (in English) of which is available
for inspection at the registered office of the Manager.




204 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | HKQAA Assurance Statement




HKQAA Assurance Statement


VERIFICATION STATEMENT
Scope and Objectives
Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (“HKQAA”) has been commissioned by Link Asset Management Limited (“LAML”) to undertake an
independent verification for the sustainability related contents stated in its 2021/2022 Strategic Report and its 2021/2022 Sustainability
Compendium (herein referred to as “the Report and Compendium”). The scope of this verification covered the sustainability performance
data and information of LAML for the period of 1st April 2021 to 31st March 2022, as defined in the Report and Compendium. The Report
and Compendium outlined LAML’s commitments, efforts and the overall sustainability performance for 124 properties across Hong Kong, 5
properties across Mainland China and 2 properties across overseas.
The aim of this verification was to provide reasonable assurance on the completeness and accuracy of the information stated in the
Report and Compendium, as well as the conformity of the Report and Compendium to the International Integrated Reporting Framework
(“Framework”). The Report and Compendium have also been prepared in accordance with the Core Option of the Global Reporting Initiative
Sustainability Reporting Standards (“GRI Standards”), and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (“ESG Guide”) set
out in Listing Rules Appendix 27 of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as well as making reference to the International Sustainability
Standards Board (ISSB) Exposure Draft IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures (“ISSB Climate Exposure Draft”) for disclosing information
about the company exposure to significant climate-related risks and opportunities.


Level of Assurance and Methodology
The process applied in this verification was referenced to the International Standard on Assurance Engagement 3000 (ISAE 3000) –
“Assurance Engagement Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” issued by the International Auditing and Assurance
Standards Board. HKQAA’s verification procedure was designed for devising opinions and conclusions to obtain a reasonable level of
assurance. The extent of this verification process undertaken covered the criteria set in the Framework, GRI Standards: Core Option and the
ESG Guide, as well as the framework of the ISSB Climate Exposure Draft.
The verification process included verifying the systems and processes implemented for collecting, collating and reporting the sustainability
performance data, reviewing relevant documentation, interviewing responsible personnel with accountability for preparing the reporting
contents and verifying selected representative sample of data and information. Raw data and supporting evidence of the selected samples
were also thoroughly examined during the verification process.


Independence
LAML was responsible for the collection and preparation of the information. HKQAA was not involved in calculating and compiling the
reporting data, or in the content development of the Report and Compendium. HKQAA’s verification activities were entirely independent from
LAML.


Conclusion
Based on the verification results and in accordance with the verification procedures undertaken, HKQAA has obtained reasonable assurance
and is of the opinion that:
•   The Report and Compendium have been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core Option and the ESG Guide. The Report
    and Compendium also followed the Framework and made reference to the ISSB Climate Exposure Draft;
•   The Report and Compendium illustrated the sustainability performance of LAML’s material aspects in a balanced, comparable, clear and
    timely manner; and
•   The data and information disclosed in the Report and Compendium were reliable and complete.
In conclusion, the Report and Compendium reflected truthfully the sustainability commitments, policies and performance of LAML and
disclosed transparently the sustainability performance of the company that was commensurate with its sustainability context and materiality.

Signed on behalf of Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency




Jorine Tam
Director, Corporate Business
May 2022

                                                                                                             Annual Report 2021/2022 205
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | GRI Content Index




GRI Content Index

                        Disclosure Title                          References

 Universal Standards
 GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
 Organisational Profile
 102-1                  Name of the organisation                  Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: About Link
 102-2                  Activities, brands, products,             Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: About Link;
                        and services                              Corporate Website 2021/2022: Our Business
 102-3                  Location of headquarters                  Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Corporate Information
 102-4                  Location of operations                    Strategic Report 2021/2022: Link at a Glance;
                                                                  Corporate Website 2021/2022: Our Business
 102-5                  Ownership and legal form                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                                  Regulation and Compliance
 102-6                  Markets served                            Strategic Report 2021/2022: About Link;
                                                                  Corporate Website 2021/2022: Our Business
 102-7                  Scale of the organisation                 Strategic Report 2021/2022: Link at a Glance;
                                                                  Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                                  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position;
                                                                  Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
 102-8                  Information on employees and              Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
                        other workers
 102-9                  Supply chain                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                                  Regulation and Compliance;
                                                                  Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
 102-10                 Significant changes to the organisation   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                        and its supply chain                      Regulation and Compliance
 102-11                 Precautionary Principle or approach       Strategic Report 2021/2022: Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks;
                                                                  Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Materiality and Risk Assessment
 102-12                 External initiatives                      Corporate Website 2021/2022: About Us, Milestones & Awards;
                                                                  Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Best Practices;
                                                                  Awards and Recognitions; Signatories and Initiatives
 102-13                 Membership of associations                Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Best Practices;
                                                                  Signatories and Initiatives
 Strategy
 102-14                 Statement from senior decision-maker      Strategic Report 2021/2022: Chairman’s Statement;
                                                                  Chief Executive Officer’s Report
 102-15                 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities     Strategic Report 2021/2022: Chairman’s Statement; Chief Executive Officer’s
                                                                  Report; Megatrends; Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks
 Ethics and Integrity
 102-16                 Values, principles, standards, and        Strategic Report 2021/2022: Link at a Glance; Our Value Creation Process;
                        norms of behavior                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                                  A Well-Governed Business
 102-17                 Mechanisms for advice and concerns        Whistle-Blowing Policy;
                        about ethics                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                                  A Well-Governed Business;
                                                                  Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management




206 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                     Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | GRI Content Index




             Disclosure Title                        References

Governance
102-18       Governance structure                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                     A Well-Governed Business;
                                                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability Governance Structure
102-19       Delegating authority                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                     A Well-Governed Business;
                                                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability Governance Structure
102-20       Executive-level responsibility for      Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability Governance Structure
             economic, environmental, and
             social topics
102-21       Consulting stakeholders on economic,    Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Materiality and Risk Assessment;
             environmental, and social topics        Stakeholder Engagement
102-22       Composition of the highest governance Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
             body and its committees               A Well-Governed Business;
                                                   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability Governance Structure
102-23       Chair of the highest governance body    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                     A Well-Governed Business
102-24       Nominating and selecting the highest    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
             governance body                         A Well-Governed Business
102-25       Conflicts of interest                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                     A Well-Governed Business
102-26       Role of highest governance body in      Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
             setting purpose, values, and strategy   A Well-Governed Business;
                                                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability Governance Structure
102-27       Collective knowledge of highest         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
             governance body                         A Well-Governed Business
102-28       Evaluating the highest governance       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
             body’s performance                      A Well-Governed Business;
                                                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability Governance Structure
102-29       Identifying and managing economic,      Strategic Report 2021/2022: Megatrends;
             environmental, and social impacts       Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks;
                                                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Materiality and Risk Assessment;
                                                     Climate Resilience and Adaptation; Stakeholder Engagement
102-30       Effectiveness of risk management        Strategic Report 2021/2022: Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks;
             processes                               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Materiality and Risk Assessment
102-31       Review of economic, environmental,      Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability Governance Structure
             and social topics
102-32       Highest governance body’s role in       Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability Governance Structure;
             sustainability reporting                Materiality and Risk Assessment
102-33       Communicating critical concerns         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                     A Well-Governed Business
102-35       Remuneration policies                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                     A Well-Governed Business
102-36       Process for determining remuneration    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                     A Well-Governed Business




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021/2022 207
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | GRI Content Index




                      Disclosure Title                         References

 Stakeholder Engagement
 102-40               List of stakeholder groups               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Stakeholder Engagement
 102-41               Collective bargaining agreements         Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management
 102-42               Identifying and selecting stakeholders   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Stakeholder Engagement
 102-43               Approach to stakeholder engagement       Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Business as Mutual;
                                                               Stakeholder Engagement
 102-44               Key topics and concerns raised           Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Materiality and Risk Assessment;
                                                               Stakeholder Engagement
 Reporting Practice
 102-45               Entities included in the consolidated    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                      financial statements                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 102-46               Defining report content and topic        Strategic Report 2021/2022: About Link;
                      Boundaries                               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Introduction
 102-47               List of material topics                  Strategic Report 2021/2022: Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks;
                                                               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Materiality and Risk Assessment
 102-48               Restatements of information              Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
 102-49               Changes in reporting                     We have produced a Sustainability Compendium instead of reporting via our
                                                               corporate sustainability website.
 102-50               Reporting period                         Strategic Report 2021/2022: About Link;
                                                               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Introduction
 102-51               Date of most recent report               28 June 2021
 102-52               Reporting cycle                          Annual
 102-53               Contact point for questions regarding    Strategic Report 2021/2022: Corporate Information;
                      the report                               Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                               Corporate Information;
                                                               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Corporate Information
 102-54               Claims of reporting in accordance with   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Introduction
                      the GRI Standards
 102-55               GRI content index                        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                               GRI Content Index
 102-56               External assurance                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                                                               HKQAA Assurance Statement
 GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
 103-1                Explanation of the material topic and    Strategic Report 2021/2022: Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks;
                      its Boundary                             Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Materiality and Risk Assessment
 103-2                The management approach and              Please refer to the “Approach” section under each key topic in the
                      its components                           Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022.
 103-3                Evaluation of the management             Please refer to “Target” and “Progress” sections under each key topic in the
                      approach                                 Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022.




208 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | GRI Content Index




                   Disclosure Title                        References

Material Topics (Economic)
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
201-1              Direct economic value generated         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                   and distributed                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
201-2              Financial implications and other        Strategic Report 2021/2022: Enterprise Risk Management and Principal Risks;
                   risks and opportunities due to          Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Greenhouse Gas Emissions;
                   climate change                          Climate Resilience and Adaptation
201-3              Defined benefit plan obligations        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                   and other retirement plans              Long-term Incentive Scheme
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
205-2              Communication and training about        Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                   anti-corruption policies and procedures A Well-Governed Business
205-3              Confirmed incidents of corruption and   In 2021/2022, no concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices
                   actions taken                           were identified.
Material Topics (Environmental)
GRI 302: Energy 2016
302-1              Energy consumption within               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
                   the organisation
302-3              Energy intensity                        Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
302-4              Reduction of energy consumption         Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Energy Efficiency;
                                                           ESG Performance Data Tables
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
303-1              Interactions with water as a            Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Water Management
                   shared resource
303-2              Management of water discharge-          Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Water Management
                   related impacts
303-5              Water consumption                       Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
305-1              Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions          Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
305-2              Energy indirect (Scope 2)               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
                   GHG emissions
305-3              Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
305-4              GHG emissions intensity                 Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
305-5              Reduction of GHG emissions              Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Greenhouse Gas Emissions;
                                                           ESG Performance Data Tables
GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-1              Waste generation and significant        Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Waste Management
                   waste-related impacts
306-2              Management of significant waste-        Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Waste Management;
                   related impacts                         ESG Performance Data Tables
306-3              Waste generated                         Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
306-4              Waste diverted from disposal            Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
306-5              Waste directed to disposal              Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021/2022 209
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | GRI Content Index




                     Disclosure Title                          References

 GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016
 307-1               Non-compliance with environmental         Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Policies
                     laws and regulations
 GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
 308-2               Negative environmental impacts in the     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
                     supply chain and actions taken
 Material Topics (Social)
 GRI 401: Employment 2016
 401-1               New employee hires and                    Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
                     employee turnover
 401-2               Benefits provided to full-time            Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management
                     employees that are not provided to
                     temporary or part-time employees
 401-3               Parental leave                            Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management;
                                                               ESG Performance Data Tables
 GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 2016
 402-1               Minimum notice periods regarding          Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management
                     operational changes
 GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
 403-1               Occupational health and safety            Occupational Health and Safety Policy;
                     management system                         Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                                                               Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
 403-2               Hazard identification, risk assessment,   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                     and incident investigation                Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
 403-3               Occupational health services              Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                                                               Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
 403-4               Worker participation, consultation, and   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                     communication on occupational health      Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
                     and safety
 403-5               Worker training on occupational health    Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                     and safety                                Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
 403-6               Promotion of worker health                Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                                                               Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
 403-7               Prevention and mitigation of              Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                     occupational health and safety impacts Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
                     directly linked by business relationships
 403-9               Work-related injuries                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
 403-10              Work-related ill health                   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
 GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
 404-1               Average hours of training per year        Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: ESG Performance Data Tables
                     per employee
 404-2               Programs for upgrading employee skills Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management
                     and transition assistance programs
 404-3               Percentage of employees receiving         All employees receive regular performance and career development reviews.
                     regular performance and career
                     development reviews




210 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                              Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | GRI Content Index




                   Disclosure Title                          References

GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
405-1              Diversity of governance bodies            Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements 2021/2022:
                   and employees                             A Well-Governed Businesses;
                                                             Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Diversity and Inclusion;
                                                             ESG Performance Data Tables
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016
406-1              Incidents of discrimination and           Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Diversity and Inclusion
                   corrective actions taken
GRI 408: Child Labor 2016
408-1              Operations and suppliers at significant   Supplier Code of Conduct;
                   risk for incidents of child labor         Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
409-1              Operations and suppliers at significant   Supplier Code of Conduct;
                   risk for incidents of forced or           Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
                   compulsory labor
GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment 2016
412-3              Significant investment agreements and Supplier Code of Conduct;
                   contracts that include human rights   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
                   clauses or that underwent human
                   rights screening
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016
413-1              Operations with local community           Strategic Report 2021/2022: Social & Relationship;
                   engagement, impact assessments,           Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Community
                   and development programs
413-2              Operations with significant actual        None of our operations have significant actual and potential negative impacts
                   and potential negative impacts on         on local communities.
                   local communities
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
414-1              New suppliers that were screened          Supplier Code of Conduct;
                   using social criteria                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
414-2              Negative social impacts in the supply     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
                   chain and actions taken
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016
415-1              Political contributions                   There were no political contributions by country and recipient/beneficiary in
                                                             our operations.
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
416-1              Assessment of the health and safety       Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                   impacts of product and service            Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
                   categories
GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
417-1              Requirements for product and service      Please refer to the Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022 for details of
                   information and labeling                  environmental and social impact of our business.
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
418-1              Substantiated complaints concerning       No confirmed incidents of substantiated complaints were identified in relation
                   breaches of customer privacy and          to breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data during the
                   losses of customer data                   reporting period.
                                                             Corporate Website 2021/2022: Privacy Policy;
                                                             Personal Information Collection Statement
GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016
419-1              Non-compliance with laws and              No material non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and
                   regulations in the social and             economic area was identified during the reporting period.
                   economic area




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022 211
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index




HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index

 Mandatory Disclosure Requirements                                        References and Remarks

 Governance Structure                                                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Sustainability
                                                                          Governance Structure; Sustainability Strategy and
                                                                          Sustainability Focus Areas; Key Sustainability Targets
 Reporting Principles                                                     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Materiality and Risk
                                                                          Assessment; Stakeholder Engagement;
                                                                          ESG Performance Data Tables
 Reporting Boundary                                                       Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Introduction



 “Comply or explain” Provisions                                           References and Remarks

 A. Environmental
 Aspect A1: Emissions
 General Disclosure     Information on:                               ✓   Sustainability Policy;
                                                                          Climate Change and Energy Policy;
                        (a) the policies; and                             Waste Policy;
                                                                          Water Policy;
                        (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                            regulations that have a significant           Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Waste Management
                            impact on the issuer

                        relating to air and greenhouse gas
                        emissions, discharges into water and
                        land, and generation of hazardous and
                        non-hazardous waste.

                        Note: Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and
                              other pollutants regulated under
                              national laws and regulations.

                              Greenhouse gases include carbon
                              dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide,
                              hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons
                              and sulphur hexafluoride.

                              Hazardous wastes are those defined
                              by national regulations.

 KPI A1.1               The types of emissions and respective         ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        emissions data.                                   ESG Performance Data Tables
 KPI A1.2               Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect          ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in            ESG Performance Data Tables
                        tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity
                        (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                        per facility).
 KPI A1.3               Total hazardous waste produced (in            ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity         ESG Performance Data Tables
                        (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                        per facility).
 KPI A1.4               Total non-hazardous waste produced (in        ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity         ESG Performance Data Tables
                        (e.g. per unit of production volume,
                        per facility).
 KPI A1.5               Description of emissions target(s) set and    ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        steps taken to achieve them.                      Greenhouse Gas Emissions
 KPI A1.6               Description of how hazardous and              ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Waste Management
                        non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a
                        description of reduction targets(s) set and
                        steps taken to achieve them.


212 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index




“Comply or explain” Provisions                                                 References and Remarks

A. Environmental
Aspect A2: Use of Resources
General Disclosure     Policies on the efficient use of resources,       ✓     Sustainability Policy;
                       including energy, water and other                       Climate Change and Energy Policy;
                       raw materials.                                          Water Policy;
                                                                               Procurement Policy
                       Note: Resources may be used in production,
                             in storage, transportation, in buildings,
                             electronic equipment, etc.

KPI A2.1               Direct and/or indirect energy consumption         ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                       by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total         ESG Performance Data Tables
                       (kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit
                       of production volume, per facility).
KPI A2.2               Water consumption in total and intensity          ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                       (e.g. per unit of production volume,                    ESG Performance Data Tables
                       per facility).
KPI A2.3               Description of energy use efficiency              ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Energy Efficiency
                       target(s) set and steps taken to
                       achieve them.
KPI A2.4               Description of whether there is any issue         ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Water Management
                       in sourcing water that is fit for purpose,
                       water efficiency target(s) set and steps
                       taken to achieve them.
KPI A2.5               Total packaging material used for finished        N/A   We do not manufacture any products.
                       products (in tonnes) and, if applicable,
                       with reference to per unit produced.
Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
General Disclosure     Policies on minimising the issuer’s               ✓     Sustainability Policy;
                       significant impact on the environment and               Climate Change and Energy Policy;
                       natural resources.                                      Waste Policy;
                                                                               Water Policy;
                                                                               Biodiversity Policy
KPI A3.1               Description of the significant impacts            ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Climate Resilience
                       of activities on the environment and                    and Adaptation; Energy Efficiency; Waste Management;
                       natural resources and the actions taken to              Water Management; Biodiversity
                       manage them.
Aspect A4: Climate Change
General Disclosure     Policies on identification and mitigation of      ✓     Climate Change and Energy Policy
                       significant climate-related issues which
                       have impacted, and those which may
                       impact, the issuer.
KPI A4.1               Description of the significant climate-           ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                       related issues which have impacted, and                 Climate Resilience and Adaptation
                       those which may impact, the issuer, and
                       the actions taken to manage them.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022 213
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index




 “Comply or explain” Provisions                                             References and Remarks

 B. Social
 Employment and Labour Practices
 Aspect B1: Employment
 General Disclosure     Information on:                                 ✓   Board Diversity Policy;
                                                                            Occupational Health and Safety Policy;
                        (a) the policies; and                               Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management;
                                                                            Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being;
                        (b) compliance with relevant laws and               Diversity and Inclusion
                            regulations that have a significant
                            impact on the issuer

                        relating to compensation and dismissal,
                        recruitment and promotion, working
                        hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                        diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                        benefits and welfare.
 KPI B1.1               Total workforce by gender, employment           ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        type (for example, full- or part-time), age         ESG Performance Data Tables
                        group and geographical region.
 KPI B1.2               Employee turnover rate by gender, age           ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        group and geographical region.                      ESG Performance Data Tables
 Aspect B2: Health and Safety
 General Disclosure     Information on:                                 ✓   Occupational Health and Safety Policy;
                                                                            Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        (a) the policies; and                               Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being

                        (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                            regulations that have a significant
                            impact on the issuer

                        relating to providing a safe working
                        environment and protecting employees
                        from occupational hazards.
 KPI B2.1               Number and rate of work-related fatalities      ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        occurred in each of the past three years            ESG Performance Data Tables
                        including the reporting year.
 KPI B2.2               Lost days due to work injury.                   ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                                                                            ESG Performance Data Tables
 KPI B2.3               Description of occupational health and          ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        safety measures adopted, and how they               Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
                        are implemented and monitored.
 Aspect B3: Development and Training
 General Disclosure     Policies on improving employees’                ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        knowledge and skills for discharging                Occupational Health, Safety and Well-being
                        duties at work. Description of
                        training activities.

                        Note: Training refers to vocational training.
                              It may include internal and external
                              courses paid by the employer.

 KPI B3.1               The percentage of employees trained by          ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        gender and employee category (e.g. senior           ESG Performance Data Tables
                        management, middle management).
 KPI B3.2               The average training hours completed            ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        per employee by gender and                          ESG Performance Data Tables
                        employee category.




214 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                    Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index




“Comply or explain” Provisions                                             References and Remarks

B. Social
Aspect B4: Labour Standards
General Disclosure     Information on:                               ✓     Supplier Code of Conduct;
                                                                           Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management;
                       (a) the policies; and                               Signatories and Initiatives

                       (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                           regulations that have a significant
                           impact on the issuer

                       relating to preventing child and
                       forced labour.
KPI B4.1               Description of measures to review             ✓     Supplier Code of Conduct;
                       employment practices to avoid child and             Whistle-Blowing Policy;
                       forced labour.                                      Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management;
                                                                           Supply Chain
KPI B4.2               Description of steps taken to eliminate       ✓     Supplier Code of Conduct;
                       such practices when discovered.                     Whistle-Blowing Policy;
                                                                           Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Talent Management;
                                                                           Supply Chain
Operating Practices
Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management
General Disclosure     Policies on managing environmental and        ✓     Supplier Code of Conduct;
                       social risks of the supply chain.                   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
KPI B5.1               Number of suppliers by geographical           ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                       region.                                             ESG Performance Data Tables
KPI B5.2               Description of practices relating             ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
                       to engaging suppliers, number of
                       suppliers where the practices are being
                       implemented, how they are implemented
                       and monitored.
KPI B5.3               Description of practices used to identify     ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
                       environmental and social risks along
                       the supply chain, and how they are
                       implemented and monitored.
KPI B5.4               Description of practices used to promote      ✓     Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
                       environmentally preferable products
                       and services when selecting suppliers,
                       and how they are implemented and
                       monitored.
Aspect B6: Product Responsibility
General Disclosure     Information on:                               ✓     Corporate Website 2021/2022: Privacy Policy;
                                                                           Personal Information Collection Statement;
                       (a) the policies; and                               Whistle-Blowing Policy;
                                                                           We do not manufacture any products. Our focus is on
                       (b) compliance with relevant laws and               protecting privacy of stakeholders when we collect their
                           regulations that have a significant             personal information.
                           impact on the issuer

                       relating to health and safety, advertising,
                       labelling and privacy matters relating
                       to products and services provided and
                       methods of redress.
KPI B6.1               Percentage of total products sold or          N/A   We do not manufacture any products.
                       shipped subject to recalls for safety and
                       health reasons.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022 215
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index




 “Comply or explain” Provisions                                          References and Remarks

 B. Social
 KPI B6.2               Number of products and service related       ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022:
                        complaints received and how they are             Stakeholder Engagement
                        dealt with.
 KPI B6.3               Description of practices relating to         ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Policies
                        observing and protecting intellectual
                        property rights.
 KPI B6.4               Description of quality assurance process     ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Supply Chain
                        and recall procedures.
 KPI B6.5               Description of consumer data protection      ✓   Corporate Website 2021/2022: Privacy Policy;
                        and privacy policies, and how they are           Personal Information Collection Statement
                        implemented and monitored.
 Aspect B7: Anti-corruption
 General Disclosure     Information on:                              ✓   Whistle-Blowing Policy;
                                                                         Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Policies
                        (a) the policies; and

                        (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                            regulations that have a significant
                            impact on the issuer

                        relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and
                        money laundering.
 KPI B7.1               Number of concluded legal cases              ✓   In 2021/2022, no concluded legal cases regarding corrupt
                        regarding corrupt practices brought              practices were identified.
                        against the issuer or its employees during
                        the reporting period and the outcomes of
                        the cases.
 KPI B7.2               Description of preventive measures and       ✓   Whistle-Blowing Policy
                        whistle-blowing procedures, and how
                        they are implemented and monitored.
 KPI B7.3               Description of anti-corruption training      ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Policies
                        provided to directors and staff.
 Community
 Aspect B8: Community Investment
 General Disclosure     Policies on community engagement to          ✓   Link Charity and Community Engagement Programme Plan
                        understand the needs of the communities          Rules;
                        where the issuer operates and to ensure          Occupational Health and Safety Policy;
                        its activities take into consideration the       Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Community
                        communities’ interests.
 KPI B8.1               Focus areas of contribution (e.g.            ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Community
                        education, environmental concerns,
                        labour needs, health, culture, sport).
 KPI B8.2               Resources contributed (e.g. money or         ✓   Sustainability Compendium 2021/2022: Community
                        time) to the focus area.




216 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                         Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | United Nations Global Compact Index




United Nations Global Compact Index
The United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) is an international initiative outlining ten principles for responsible business in the areas
of human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption. The principles are derived from the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Rio Declaration on
Environment and Development, and the United Nations Convention Against Corruption.
In September 2012, we signed up to the UNGC to reaffirm our commitment to respect labour standards and human rights, to operate
in an environmentally responsible manner and to maintain zero tolerance towards corruption. Here we provide an index to our
performance demonstrating the Global Compact’s ten principles in our work. We are not in violation of any of the ten principles.


Human Rights
Principle 1                       Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights; and
Principle 2                       make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.


Labour
Principle 3                       Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to
                                  collective bargaining;
Principle 4                       the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour;
Principle 5                       the effective abolition of child labour; and
Principle 6                       the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.


Environment
Principle 7                       Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges;
Principle 8                       undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and
Principle 9                       encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.


Anti-Corruption
Principle 10                      Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2021/2022 217
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Five Year Performance Summary




Five Year Performance Summary
Financial Data
                                                       Year ended       Year ended       Year ended       Year ended       Year ended
                                                    31 March 2022    31 March 2021    31 March 2020    31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                           HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M

Consolidated income statement
Revenue                                                   11,602            10,744           10,718           10,037           10,023
Property operating expenses                                (2,826)          (2,506)          (2,498)          (2,348)          (2,360)

Net property income                                         8,776            8,238            8,220            7,689            7,663
General and administrative expenses                         (512)             (428)            (416)            (405)            (417)
Change in fair values of investment properties
  and impairment of goodwill                                 426            (5,322)         (23,948)          12,269           35,493
Interest income                                               98              126              183               85               19
Finance costs                                              (1,005)            (770)            (630)            (598)            (665)
Loss on disposals of financial assets at
  amortised cost                                              (11)               –                –                –                –
Share of net profit of a joint venture                       364                 –                –                –                –
Gains on disposals of investment properties                     –                –                –            2,761            7,306

Profit/(loss) before taxation and transactions
   with Unitholders                                         8,136            1,844          (16,591)          21,801           49,399
Taxation                                                   (1,229)          (1,092)            (712)          (1,359)          (1,420)

Profit/(loss) for the year, before transactions
   with Unitholders                                         6,907             752           (17,303)          20,442           47,979
Distributions paid to Unitholders                          (6,425)          (5,920)          (5,930)          (5,517)          (5,254)

                                                             482            (5,168)         (23,233)          14,925           42,725

Represented by:
Change in net assets attributable to Unitholders,
  excluding issues of new units and units bought
  back                                                      2,030           (2,566)         (24,835)          13,260           44,609
Amount arising from reserve movements                      (1,561)          (2,169)           1,783            1,552           (2,102)
Non-controlling interests                                     13              (433)            (181)            113              218

                                                             482            (5,168)         (23,233)          14,925           42,725




218 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                       Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Five Year Performance Summary




Financial Data (Continued)
                                                          Year ended       Year ended       Year ended       Year ended       Year ended
                                                       31 March 2022    31 March 2021    31 March 2020    31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                              HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M            HK$’M

Consolidated statement of distributions
Profit/(loss) for the year, before transactions with
   Unitholders attributable to Unitholders                     6,894            1,185          (17,122)          20,329           47,761
Adjustments:
– Change in fair values of investment properties
   and impairment of goodwill attributable to
   Unitholders                                                  (714)           4,910           23,831          (12,151)         (35,270)
– Deferred taxation on change in fair values of
   investment properties attributable to Unitholders            172               (12)            (454)            250              368
– Change in fair values of derivative component of
   convertible bonds                                             (32)             32              (157)               –                –
– Change in fair values of financial instruments                 (80)            (320)            (276)             90                 –
– Depreciation and amortisation of real estate
   and related assets                                             51              54               41                 –                –
– Loss on disposals of financial assets at
   amortised cost                                                 11                –                –                –                –
– Other non-cash income                                          (29)            (129)            (189)             (87)            (122)
– Depreciation charge on investment properties
   under China Accounting Standards                                –                –                –                –             (150)
– Gains on disposals of investment properties,
   net of transaction costs                                        –                –                –           (2,761)          (7,306)
Discretionary distribution                                      146              290              291               53              150

Total distributable amount                                     6,419            6,010            5,965            5,723            5,431

Distribution per unit (HK cents)
Interim DPU                                                   159.59           141.65           141.47           130.62           121.50
Final DPU                                                     146.08           148.34           145.72           140.55           128.28

Total DPU                                                     305.67           289.99           287.19           271.17           249.78




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2021/2022 219
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Five Year Performance Summary




Financial Data (Continued)
                                                                   As at             As at             As at             As at            As at
                                                          31 March 2022     31 March 2021     31 March 2020     31 March 2019    31 March 2018

Assets and liabilities
Investment properties                             HK$’M         212,761           199,074           193,224           218,496          203,091
Other assets                                      HK$’M          12,955            10,811            14,395             8,441           13,313

Total assets                                      HK$’M         225,716           209,885           207,619           226,937          216,404
Total liabilities, excluding net assets
  attributable to Unitholders                     HK$’M          62,726           51,192             47,502            37,611           37,336
Non-controlling interests                         HK$’M             302                (27)             406               587              474

Net assets attributable to Unitholders            HK$’M         162,688           158,720           159,711           188,739          178,594

Total borrowings to total assets                     %             22.0              18.4              16.7              10.7             11.9
Total liabilities to total assets                    %             27.8              24.4              22.9              16.6             17.3


Valuation of investment properties                HK$’M         212,761           199,074           193,224           218,496          203,091
Valuation capitalisation rate
– Hong Kong
   – Retail                                          %       3.10 – 4.50       3.10 – 4.50       3.10 – 4.50       3.00 – 4.20      3.00 – 4.20
   – Car park and related business                   %       2.90 – 5.30       3.10 – 5.30       3.10 – 5.30       3.50 – 4.80      3.50 – 4.80
   – Office                                          %             3.00              3.00              3.00               N/A              N/A
– Mainland China
   – Retail                                          %       4.25 – 4.75       4.25 – 4.75       4.25 – 4.75       4.25 – 4.75      4.50 – 4.75
   – Office                                          %             4.25              4.25              4.25              4.25             4.25
   – Logistics                                       %             5.00               N/A               N/A               N/A              N/A
– Australia
   – Office                                          %             4.40              4.50               N/A               N/A              N/A
– United Kingdom
   – Office                                          %             5.19              5.24               N/A               N/A              N/A


Net assets per unit attributable to Unitholders    HK$            77.10             76.24             77.61             89.48            83.06
Closing price per unit                             HK$            67.00             70.80             65.70             91.80            67.00
Market capitalisation                             HK$’M         141,383           147,396           135,204           193,636          144,054
(Discount)/premium of unit price to net assets
   per unit attributable to Unitholders              %             (13.1)             (7.1)            (15.3)              2.6            (19.3)
Units in issue                                            2,110,193,850     2,081,862,866     2,057,898,386     2,109,321,254    2,150,058,972




220 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Five Year Performance Summary




Portfolio Data
                                                         Year ended       Year ended       Year ended      Year ended      Year ended
                                                      31 March 2022    31 March 2021    31 March 2020   31 March 2019   31 March 2018

Hong Kong Retail and Car Park and Related
  Business Portfolio
Average monthly unit rent at year end       HK$ psf            62.7             62.4             64.6            62.9            58.0
Retail reversion rate                            %              4.8             (1.8)            13.5            22.8            31.2
Occupancy rate at year end
– Retail                                         %             97.7             96.8             96.5            97.1            97.0
– Car park related business                      %            100.0             N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
Net property income margin                       %             76.5             77.1             77.1            76.4            76.4
Car park income per space per month            HK$            3,064            2,776            2,827           2,719           2,492


Hong Kong Office
Occupancy rate at year end                       %             94.0             76.3             73.7            N/A             N/A


Mainland China Portfolio
Reversion rate
– Retail                                         %              8.8             11.1             31.6            32.2            39.8
– Office                                         %             (8.1)            (8.0)             7.9            27.0            14.4


Occupancy rate at year end
– Retail                                         %             88.5             96.3             97.8            98.5            99.5
– Office                                         %             97.0             95.8             97.4            95.5            99.3
– Logistics                                      %            100.0             N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A


Net property income margin                       %             73.5             76.7             77.2            78.7            77.4


Australia Office
Occupancy rate at year end                       %            100.0            100.0             N/A             N/A             N/A


United Kingdom Office
Occupancy rate at year end                       %            100.0            100.0             N/A             N/A             N/A




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021/2022 221
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Five Year Performance Summary




Portfolio Data (Continued)
                                                              Year ended         Year ended        Year ended         Year ended        Year ended
                                                           31 March 2022      31 March 2021     31 March 2020      31 March 2019     31 March 2018

Performance Data
The highest premium of the traded price to
  net assets per unit attributable to
  Unitholders (Note (i))                             HK$              1.60               N/A             22.19               2.77               N/A
The highest discount of the traded price to
  net assets per unit attributable to
  Unitholders (Note (i))                             HK$            (17.35)           (19.99)            (14.21)           (23.68)            (28.86)
Net yield per unit (Note (ii))                         %               4.6               4.1                4.4               3.0                3.7
Net yield per unit on listing price of
   HK$10.30 per unit                                   %              29.7              28.2               27.9              26.3               24.3

Notes:
(i) The highest premium and discount are calculated based on the highest and lowest traded prices of HK$78.70 (2021: HK$75.75) and HK$59.75
    (2021: HK$56.25) respectively on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited during the year.
(ii) Net yield per unit is calculated based on distribution per unit for the year ended 31 March 2022 of HK305.67 cents (2021: HK289.99 cents) over
     the closing price as at 31 March 2022 of HK$67.00 (2021: HK$70.80).




222 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                                                   Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Investor Information




Investor Information
Listing of the Units
Link’s Units are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 823) in board lot size of 100 Units.
There were 2,110,193,850 Units in issue as at 31 March 2022. Further details of Units in issue are set out in Note 28 to the
consolidated financial statements in this report.


Financial Calendar

 Final results announcement for the financial year ended 31 March 2022                                              1 June 2022

 Ex-final distribution date                                                                                         16 June 2022

 Closure of register of Unitholders (for final distribution)(1)                                                     20 June to 23 June 2022
                                                                                                                    (both days inclusive)

 Record date for final distribution                                                                                 23 June 2022

 Announcement of distribution reinvestment scheme                                                                   23 June 2022

 Despatch of distribution reinvestment scheme circular and related documents                                        30 June 2022

 Announcement of issue price for scrip in lieu of a final cash distribution                                         8 July 2022

 Final date for scrip election(2)                                                                                   18 July 2022
                                                                                                                    not later than 4:30 p.m.

 Closure of register of Unitholders (for the 2022 AGM)(3)                                                           15 July to 20 July 2022
                                                                                                                    (both days inclusive)

 2022 AGM                                                                                                           20 July 2022

 Final distribution payment date                                                                                    2 August 2022

 Interim results announcement for the six months ending 30 September 2022                                           November 2022


Notes:
(1)   In order to qualify for the final distribution of HK146.08 cents per Unit for the year ended 31 March 2022, Unitholders should ensure that all
      transfer documents accompanied by the relevant unit certificates have been lodged with Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
      Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later
      than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 17 June 2022.
(2)   A distribution reinvestment scheme will be available to eligible Unitholders who may elect to receive the final distribution for the year ended
      31 March 2022 wholly in cash or wholly in new Units or a combination of both. For those Unitholders electing for scrip, the relevant election
      form must be lodged with Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (at the address above) not later than
      4:30 p.m. on Monday, 18 July 2022. Unitholders should note that any election form arrived/received after the aforesaid deadline will be
      taken as invalid.
(3)   In order for Unitholders to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2022 AGM, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant unit certificates
      must be lodged with Link’s unit registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (at the address above), for registration not later
      than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 14 July 2022.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021/2022 223
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Investor Information




Financial reports, announcements, circulars, notices, other          Investor Relations Contact
corporate communications, press releases and other investor
information of Link are available online at Link’s corporate         Address:              20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,
website: Linkreit.com. To promote environmental protection,                                77 Hoi Bun Road,
please view publications online at the corporate website                                   Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
instead of using printed copies.                                                           Hong Kong
                                                                     Telephone:            (852) 2175 1800
                                                                     Facsimile:            (852) 2175 1900
                                                                     Email:                ir@linkreit.com


Index Inclusion

Link is a component of the following selected indices:               Hang Seng Index Hang Seng REIT Index
Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index                          Hang Seng Composite Index
                                                                     Hang Seng HK 35
FTSE4Good Index Series
                                                                     Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index
GPR(1) 250 (World) Index
                                                                     MSCI All Country World Index
GPR(1) 250 Asia Index
                                                                     MSCI All Country Asia ex Japan Index
GPR(1) 250 Asia Pacific Index
                                                                     MSCI World Index
GPR(1) 250 Hong Kong Index
                                                                     MSCI Hong Kong Index
GPR(1) 250 REIT (World) Index
                                                                     MSCI AC Asia Pacific Real Estate Index
GPR(1) 250 REIT Asia Index
                                                                     MSCI AC Asia ex Japan IMI REITS Index
GPR(1) 250 REIT Asia Pacific Index
GPR(1) 250 REIT Hong Kong Index                                      GPR(1)/APREA(2) Composite Index
GPR(1) General (World) Index                                         GPR(1)/APREA(2) Composite Hong Kong Index
GPR(1) General Asia Index                                            GPR(1)/APREA(2) Composite REIT Index
GPR(1) General Hong Kong Index                                       GPR(1)/APREA(2) Composite REIT Hong Kong Index
GPR(1) General Quoted (World) Index                                  GPR(1)/APREA(2) Investable 100 Index
GPR(1) General Quoted Asia Index                                     GPR(1)/APREA(2) Investable 100 Hong Kong Index
GPR(1) General Quoted Hong Kong Index                                GPR(1)/APREA(2) Investable REIT 100 Index
GPR(1) Global 100 Index


The inclusion of Link REIT in any MSCI index, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not
constitute a sponsorship, endorsement or promotion of Link REIT by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI indexes are the exclusive
property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI index names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.

Notes:
(1)   Global Property Research
(2)   Asia Pacific Real Estate Association




224 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Definitions and Glossary




Definitions and Glossary
2017 LTI Scheme or            the long-term incentive scheme of Link adopted by the Board on 10 July 2017
Long-term Incentive Scheme


2021 AGM                      the annual general meeting of Unitholders held on 30 July 2021


2022 AGM                      the annual general meeting of Unitholders scheduled to be held on 20 July 2022


Articles                      articles of association of the Manager


AUM                           asset under management


average monthly unit rent     the average base rent per month psf of leased area


Award(s)                      Restricted Unit Award(s), or Conditional Cash Award(s), or a combination of both granted
                              under the 2017 LTI Scheme


base rent                     in respect of a lease, the standard rent payable under the lease, exclusive of any additional
                              turnover rent (if applicable) and other charges and reimbursements


Board or Board of Directors   board of directors of the Manager


Board Committees              the committees of the Board to discharge the duties set out in their respective terms of
                              reference as approved by the Board which, as at the date of this report, include the Audit
                              and Risk Management Committee, the Finance and Investment Committee, the Nomination
                              Committee and the Remuneration Committee, and “Board Committee” refers to any one
                              of them


CCDO                          Chief Corporate Development Officer of the Manager


CEO                           Chief Executive Officer of the Manager


CFO                           Chief Financial Officer of the Manager


Chairman                      Chairman of the Board (unless the context requires otherwise)


CLO                           Chief Legal Officer of the Manager


Company Secretary             Company Secretary of the Manager


Compliance Manual             the compliance manual of the Manager which sets out (among others) the key processes,
                              systems and measures in respect of Link’s operations and the corporate governance policy
                              of Link


Conditional Cash Award(s)     conditional right to receive cash payment(s) granted to a participant in accordance with the
                              rules of the 2017 LTI Scheme and the relevant grant letter(s)


COO-International             Chief Operating Officer – International of the Manager


COVID                         Coronavirus pandemic




                                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022 225
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Definitions and Glossary




 CSO                                    Chief Strategy Officer of the Manager


 Director(s)                            director(s) of the Manager


 DPU                                    distribution per Unit in respect of the total distributable amount of Link for a financial
                                        year/period


 ED(s)                                  Executive Director(s) of the Manager (unless the context requires otherwise)


 ESG                                    environmental, social and governance


 EUPP                                   employee unit purchase plan, pursuant to which an eligible employee who meets the
                                        prescribed criteria is entitled to subsidy from the Manager for purchasing, through an
                                        independent third-party intermediary, Units in the open market in accordance with the rules
                                        of the plan


 FMIT                                   Facilities Management Information Technology


 GAV                                    gross asset value (and as calculated in the manner set out in the Trust Deed)


 GAV Cap                                25% of Link’s GAV as a cap to property development activities of Link under the REIT Code


 GBA                                    Greater Bay Area


 Group                                  Link and its subsidiaries (unless the context requires otherwise)


 Hong Kong Stock Exchange or            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
 Stock Exchange or SEHK


 INED(s)                                Independent Non-Executive Director(s) of the Manager (unless the context requires
                                        otherwise)


 IoT                                    Internet of Things


 KPI(s)                                 key performance indicator(s)


 lease                                  a lease or a tenancy agreement (both of which grant a possessionary interest) or a licence
                                        (which merely constitutes an authority to do something) in respect of premises at the
                                        properties granted to a tenant


 like-for-like                          excluding any properties acquired, divested and/or newly operational (as applicable) during
                                        the periods under analysis


 Link or Link REIT                      Link Real Estate Investment Trust


 Link Corporate                         the corporate governance policy set out in the Compliance Manual
 Governance Policy


 Link Securities Dealing Code           the code governing dealings in securities of Link by Directors and senior management of
                                        the Manager




226 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
                                             Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Definitions and Glossary




Listing Rules              Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


Listing Rules Corporate    Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules
Governance Code


Low regret                 To analyse and plan/adapt for the highest plausible worst-case scenario so that one will have
                           fewer regrets in the future


Manager                    Link Asset Management Limited, which is the manager of Link


market capitalisation      the market value of the REIT calculated by multiplying the number of units in issue by the
                           prevailing unit price quoted on the Stock Exchange


Maximum Cap                25% of Link’s GAV as a cap to the combined value of: (i) all Relevant Investments;
                           (ii) non-qualified minority-owned properties; (iii) other ancillary investments; and (iv) all of the
                           property development costs together with the aggregate contract value of the uncompleted
                           units of real estate


MTN                        note(s) and/or green bond issued or to be issued from time-to-time pursuant to the
                           Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme established by The Link Finance (Cayman)
                           2009 Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Link) in May 2009


NED                        Non-Executive Director of the Manager (unless the context requires otherwise)


NGO(s)                     non-governmental organisation(s)


Non-qualified Minority-    all Minority-owned Properties other than Qualified Minority-owned Properties under 7.7C of
owned Properties           the REIT Code


NPI                        net property income, being total revenue less direct property related expenses


occupancy rate             the aggregated leased area as a percentage of total leasable area


Principal Valuer           the Principal Valuer (as defined in the REIT Code) of Link, which is currently Colliers
                           International (Hong Kong) Limited


psf                        per square foot


Qualified Minority-        qualified minority-owned property under 7.7C of the REIT Code
owned Property


REIT(s)                    real estate investment trust(s)


REIT Code                  Code on Real Estate Investment Trusts issued by the SFC


Relevant Investments       the financial instruments permissible from time-to-time under the REIT Code for Link to
                           invest in, including (without limitation): (i) securities listed on the Stock Exchange or other
                           internationally recognised stock exchanges; (ii) unlisted debt securities; (iii) government and
                           other public securities; and (iv) local or overseas property funds


Restricted Unit Award(s)   conditional right to receive Units granted to a participant in accordance with the rules of the
                           2017 LTI Scheme and the relevant grant letter


                                                                                               Annual Report 2021/2022 227
Governance, Disclosures and Financial Statements | Definitions and Glossary




 ROI or return on investment            projected NPI post asset enhancement minus NPI pre asset enhancement divided by the
                                        estimated amount of project capital expenditure and loss of rental


 reversion rate                         the percentage change in psf average unit rent between old and new leases on the same unit


 SFC                                    Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong


 SFO                                    Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)


 SPV(s)                                 special purpose vehicle(s) (within the meaning of the REIT Code and the Trust Deed)


 sq ft                                  square feet


 TCFD                                   Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures


 tenant                                 a lessee, a tenant or a licencee (as the case may be) under a lease


 total distributable amount             total distributable amount for a financial year/period is the total distributable income and any
                                        additional amount (including capital) that the Manager has determined to be distributable


 total distributable income             the consolidated profit after taxation attributable to Unitholders (equivalent to profit for
                                        the financial year/period, before transactions with Unitholders attributable to Unitholders)
                                        adjusted to eliminate the effect of certain non-cash adjustments


 Trust Deed                             the trust deed dated 6 September 2005 between the Trustee and the Manager constituting
                                        Link, as amended and supplemented by 14 supplemental deeds and two amending and
                                        restating deeds


 Trustee                                trustee of Link, which is currently HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited


 turnover rent                          rent calculated and charged by reference to a pre-determined percentage of a tenant’s gross
                                        sales turnover in excess of the base rent


 Unit(s)                                unit(s) of Link


 Unitholder(s)                          holder(s) of Unit(s) of Link


 WALE                                   weighted average lease expiry


 YoY                                    year-on-year


 YRD                                    Yangtze River Delta




228 Link Real Estate Investment Trust
Corporate Information
Board of Directors of the Manager                                         Registered Office of the Manager
                                                                          20/F., Tower 1, The Quayside,
Chairman
                                                                          77 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong,
Nicholas Charles ALLEN
                                                                          Kowloon, Hong Kong
  (also an Independent Non-Executive Director)

Executive Directors                                                       Town Office of the Manager
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY                                                 Suite 901, 9th Floor, The Hong Kong Club Building,
  (Chief Executive Officer)                                               3A Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong

NG Kok Siong
 (Chief Financial Officer)                                                Shanghai Office of the Manager
                                                                          Unit 918-921, Building No. 1, Link Square,
Non-Executive Director                                                    No. 222 Hubin Road, Huangpu District,
Ian Keith GRIFFITHS                                                       Shanghai, Mainland China

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Christopher John BROOKE
                                                                          Sydney Office of the Manager
                                                                          Suite 28.02, Level 28, Australia Square Tower,
Ed CHAN Yiu Cheong
                                                                          264 George Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia
Jenny GU Jialin
Lincoln LEONG Kwok Kuen
Blair Chilton PICKERELL                                                   Unit Registrar and Transfer Office
Poh Lee TAN                                                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Peter TSE Pak Wing                                                        Shops 1712-1716, 17/F., Hopewell Centre,
Nancy TSE Sau Ling                                                        183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                                          Telephone:   (852) 2862 8555
Company Secretary of the Manager
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG(1)                                                   Contact Details
                                                                          Telephone:          Hong Kong        (852) 2175 1800
                                                                                              Mainland China (86) 21 5368 9333
Responsible Officers of the Manager                       (2)
                                                                          Facsimile:          (852) 2175 1938
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
                                                                          Media Enquiry:      mediarelations@linkreit.com
NG Kok Siong
                                                                          Investor Relations: ir@linkreit.com
Christine CHAN Suk Han
                                                                          Customer Service: (852) 2122 9000
                                                                          Leasing:            Hong Kong        retailenquiries@linkreit.com
Authorised Representatives(3)                                                                 Mainland China (86) 21 5368 9239
George Kwok Lung HONGCHOY
Kenneth Tai Lun WONG
                                                                          Websites
                                                                          Linkreit.com     (corporate website)
Trustee                                                                   Linkhk.com       (customer website)
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited

                                                                          Mobile App
Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers


Principal Valuer
Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited




Notes:
(1) email: cosec@linkreit.com
(2) Required by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
(3) Required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Link Real Estate Investment Trust
Linkreit.com
