Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)



CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
CONTENTS


Canadian declaration – Management’s Responsibility for Financial Reporting       2
New Zealand declaration – Directors’ declaration                                 3
Independent Auditors’ Report                                                   4-6
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                     7
Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)/Income             8
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                      9
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                            10
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                               11-39




1
                                    CANADIAN DECLARATION

                MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING



The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited and all the
information in this annual report are the responsibility of management and have been approved by the
Board of Directors.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). Financial statements are not precise since they
include certain amounts based on estimates and judgments. Management has determined such
amounts on a reasonable basis in order to ensure that the financial statements are presented fairly, in
all material respects. Management has prepared the financial information presented elsewhere in the
annual report and has ensured that it is consistent with that in the financial statements.

Chatham Rock Phosphate maintains systems of internal accounting and administrative controls in order
to provide, on a reasonable basis, assurance that the financial information is relevant, reliable and
accurate and that the Company’s assets are appropriately accounted for and adequately safeguarded.

The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibilities for
financial reporting and is ultimately responsible for reviewing and approving the financial statements.
The Board carries out this responsibility principally through its Audit Committee (“Committee”).

The Committee is appointed by the Board, and the majority of its members are independent non-
executive directors. The Committee meets at least four times a year with management, and as required
with the external auditors, to discuss internal controls over the financial reporting process, auditing
matters and financial reporting issues, to satisfy itself that each party is properly discharging its
responsibilities, and to review the quarterly and the annual reports, the financial statements and the
external auditors’ report. The Committee reports its findings to the Board for consideration when
approving the financial statements for issuance to the shareholders. The Committee also considers, for
review by the Board and approval by the shareholders, the engagement or reappointment of the
external auditors, Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership. Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit
Partnership were engaged to audit the consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian
Generally Accepted Auditing Standards and International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) on
behalf of the shareholders. Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership has full and free access to
the Audit Committee.


Chris Castle
Chief Executive Officer


Robyn Hamilton
Chief Financial Officer

July 29, 2020




2
                                     NEW ZEALAND DECLARATION

                                      DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION



In the opinion of the directors of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited, the consolidated financial statements
and notes, on pages 7 to 39:

    materially comply with both International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and generally
     accepted accounting practice in New Zealand and give a true and fair view of the financial position of
     the company and the group as at March 31, 2020 and the results of their operations and cash flows
     for the year ended on that date, and

    Have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, which have been consistently applied and
     supported by reasonable judgements and estimates.

The directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept which enable, with reasonable
accuracy, the determination of the financial position of the company and the group and facilitate compliance
of the financial statements with the Financial Reporting Act 2013 and Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The directors consider that they have taken adequate steps to safeguard the assets of the company and
group, and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. Internal control procedures are also
considered to be sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance as to the integrity and reliability of the
financial statements.

The directors present the financial statements for Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited for the year ended
March 31, 2020.


For and on behalf of the Board of Directors


/S/ C Castle                                  /S/ J Hatchwell

__________________________                    ________________________________
C Castle                                      J Hatchwell
Director                                      Director
Date: July 29, 2020                           Date: July 29, 2020




1
Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                  Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit
                                                                                  Partnership
                                                                                  L15, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                  215 Lambton Quay
                                                                                  P O Box 10712
                                                                                  Wellington 6143
                                                                                  T +64 4 474 8500
                                                                                  F +64 4 474 8509
                                                                                  www.grantthornton.co.nz


To the Shareholders of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited


Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited (the “Company”),
which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2020, and the consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive (loss)/income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated
statements of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited as at March 31, 2020, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in Canada, and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Material uncertainty related to going concern
We draw attention to Note 2(d) in the consolidated financial statements, which indicates that the Group requires
a marine consent in order to undertake its proposed operations. The Group previously applied for a marine
consent on February 11, 2015 which was declined at the time, however Directors plan to re-submit its consent
application once additional funding has been secured.

In respect to the additional funding, Directors forecast they have sufficient cash to operate for a period of 12
months from the date of the financial statements, but they do not currently have committed funding for
operations beyond this point, or to fully fund the marine consent reapplication process.

These events or conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 2(d), indicate that a material
uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.




Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd
                                                                                                                     5




Other matter
The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2019 were audited by
another auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those consolidated financial statements on June 12,
2019.

Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management
Discussion and Analysis but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report
thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as management
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to a going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

We also:
          Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
           whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
           obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
           detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
           fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
           internal control.

          Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Company's internal control.

                                                                                                                      5
                                                                                                                         6




        Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
         estimates and related disclosures made by management.
        Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
         based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
         conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If
         we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report
         to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
         inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
         date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to
         continue as a going concern.
        Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
         including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
         transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
        Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
         business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
         are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
         responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditor’s report is Brayden Smith.

Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Partnership




Wellington, New Zealand
July 29, 2020




                                                                                                                         6
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
                                                                                      March 31,           March 31,
                                                                   Notes                  2020                2019


    Assets
    Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                   $         12,352   $       243,615
     Accounts receivable and other receivables                                              8,218            57,880
      Current tax assets                                                                        -             2,113
      Other current assets                                           5                     50,754            81,464
                                                                                           71,324           385,072

    Non-current assets:
     Property, plant and equipment                                                            -                 104
      NZX Bond                                                                           12,762              13,668
      Mineral property interest                                      6                4,456,736           4,680,435
                                                                                      4,469,498           4,694,207

    Total assets                                                                $     4,540,822     $     5,079,279


    Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
    Current liabilities:
     Trade and other payables                                        7          $       208,222     $        82,492
                                                                                        208,222              82,492

    Total liabilities                                                                   253,222              82,492

    Shareholders’ equity:
      Share capital                                                  8                35,108,126          35,068,781
      Foreign currency translation reserve                                             (355,961)                   -
      Employee share option reserve                                                      214,381             230,787
      Warrants reserve                                                                   230,186                   -
      Accumulated deficit                                                           (30,864,132)        (30,302,781)
    Total shareholders’ equity                                                         4,332,600           4,996,787

    Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                      $ 4,540,822         $ 5,079,279

Going concern (note 1)
Commitments and contingencies (note 19)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




7
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)/ Income
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019

                                                                     Notes                         2020                2019

    Revenue                                                                                $      5,166        $      5,358

    Finance income                                                                                2,120                    -
    Finance expense                                                                               (395)              (1,084)
    Net finance income/(expense)
                                                                        11                        1,725              (1,084)


    Expenses

    General and administrative expenses                                 12                     (607,989)           (675,809)
    Depreciation                                                                                    (98)                   -
    Share-based payments                                                  9                     (39,100)           (230,787)
    Exploration costs                                                                                  -             (8,536)
    Marine Consent Application costs                                                                   -               (981)
    Expenses                                                                                   (647,187)           (916,113)

    Loss before income tax (continuing operations)                                             (640,296)           (911,839)

    Income tax expense                                                                                 -                   -

    Net loss for the period from continuing
                                                                                               (640,296)           (911,839)
    operations

    Other Comprehensive Income
    Foreign currency translation**                                                             (332,522)            (23,890)

    Total comprehensive (loss)/profit for the period                                       $(972,818)          $(935,729)


    Basic shareholders’ loss per share                                               $          (0.0249)   $        (0.0455)


    Diluted shareholders’ loss per share                                             $          (0.0249)   $        (0.0455)


    Weighted average number of common shares
                                                                                         25,746,023            20,057,457
    outstanding

**Items which can subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




8
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, except number of common shares)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019

                                        Number of          Number of               Share capital       Warrants         Foreign          Employee          Accumulated       Shareholders’
                                         common             warrants                                   reserve         currency         share option          deficit           equity
                                          shares                                                                      translation         reserve
                                                                                                                        reserve

 Balance, April 1, 2018                   17,681,093            932,074               33,843,499                  -         99,955                     -    (29,367,052)         4,576,402

 Issue of shares, net of costs,
     and discretionary warrants            6,622,659          3,311,328                    1,225,282              -                 -              -                   -         1,225,282
 Share-based payments                              -                  -                            -              -                 -        230,787                   -           230,787
 Transactions with owners                                                                  1,225,282              -                 -        230,787                   -         1,456,069
 Loss for the year                                   -                 -                           -              -                 -              -           (935,729)         (935,729)
 Other comprehensive Income –
 Currency Translation Loss                           -                 -                           -              -       (99,955)                     -                 -        (99,955)
 Total comprehensive income for
 the year                                                                                          -              -       (99,955)                     -       (935,729)       (1,035,684)

 Balance, March 31, 2019                  24,303,752          4,243,402               35,068,781                  -                 -        230,787        (30,302,781)         4,996,787

 Issue of shares, net of costs,            1,999,686          1,323,657                     246,722        22,809                   -                  -                 -         269,531
     and discretionary warrants
 Transfer of cost of warrants                        -                 -                   (207,377)      207,377                -                 -                   -                 -
 Expiry of discretionary warrants                    -           (3,413)                           -            -                -                 -                   -                 -
 Cancellation of options                             -                 -                           -            -                -          (55,506)              55,506                 -
 Share-based payments                                -                 -                           -            -                -            39,100                   -            39,100
 Transactions with owners                                                                     39,345      230,186                -          (16,406)              55,506           308,631
 Transfer                                            -                 -                           -            -         (23,439)                 -              23,439                 -
 Loss for the year                                   -                 -                           -            -                -                 -           (640,296)         (640,296)
 Other comprehensive Income –
 Currency Translation Loss                           -                 -                           -              -      (332,522)                     -                 -       (332,522)
 Total comprehensive income for
 the year                                                                                          -              -      (332,522)                     -       (640,296)         (972,818)

 Balance, March 31, 2020                  26,303,438          5,563,646               35,108,126          230,186        (355,961)           214,381        (30,864,132)         4,332,600

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


9
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statements of Cash flows
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019

                                                                   Notes                 2020            2019

  Cash flows from operating activities:
  Interest received                                                             $        1,994   $           -
  Cash received from customers                                                           9,471           5,358
  Cash paid to suppliers                                                             (446,005)       (820,212)
  Interest paid                                                                          (395)               -
  Tax refund received                                                                    2,055           3,267
  Net cash (used in) operating activities                              18            (459,130)       (811,587)

  Cash flows from investing activities:
  Payments in respect of exploration and evaluation                                   (87,574)       (219,612)
  Funds withdrawn from Lawyers’ Trust account                                               -           4,678
  Net cash (used in) investing activities                                             (87,574)       (214,934)

  Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from issue of share capital, net of issue
  costs                                                                               320,531        1,189,282
  Net cash from financing activities                                                  320,531        1,189,282

  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                               (226,173)        162,761
  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                       243,615         81,484
  Effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on cash
  held                                                                                 (5,090)           (630)
  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                       $     12,352    $    243,615


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




10
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




1.   Nature of business and going concern


     Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited (the “Group” or “CRP”) is a development-stage Group incorporated under the
     Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange’s Venture Exchange
     (“TSX-V”). The Group is also registered on the overseas company register under the New Zealand Companies
     Act 1993 and listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange’s Alternative Market (“NZAX”). The Group is an FMC
     reporting entity under part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New Zealand).

     The Group comprises the parent Group and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The financial statements are presented
     for the consolidated group.

     Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited’s focus is the development and exploitation of the Chatham Rise rock
     phosphate deposit offshore New Zealand and potential overseas phosphate projects.

     The Group’s registered offices are:

             3200 – 650 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, B.C., Canada V6B 4P7

             Level 1, 93 The Terrace, Wellington 6011, New Zealand

     Accordingly, the Group has reporting obligations in both the Canadian and New Zealand jurisdictions.


2.   Basis of preparation


     (a) Statement of compliance:

         These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the principles of the
         International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
         Board (“IASB”). .

     (b) Approval of the financial statements:

         The consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2020 were reviewed by the Audit
         Committee and approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 29, 2020.

     (c) Basis of measurement:

         These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, utilising the accrual
         method of accounting unless otherwise described in the following notes.




11
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)


     (d) Going concern

         These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that
         the Group has the ability and intention to continue operations for a period of at least 12 months from the date
         of the financial statements. The following conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may
         cast significant doubt on the validity of this assumption.

         Marine consent re-application

         The Group requires a marine consent in order to undertake its proposed operations. On February 11, 2015,
         the Group was refused Marine Consent by an Independent Decision Making Committee (DMC) convened by
         the Environmental Protection Authority (EPA), New Zealand’s environmental regulator on grounds which the
         Group disputes. The Directors plan is to re-submit its Marine Consent application with the EPA once additional
         funding (see below) has been secured. Management has conducted an independent review of the marine
         consent application and the EPA judgement and has identified the areas where their application was deficient.
         These deficiencies are to be addressed and communicated as part of the re-submission. The outcome of the
         re-submission is uncertain.

         Additional funding

         The Group incurred a net loss of $640,298 during the year ended 31 March 2020 (2019: $911,839 net loss)
         and as of that date the Group’s current liabilities exceed its current assets by $136,898 (2019: $302,580
         excess of current assets over current liabilities). During the year the Group had operating cash outflows of
         $546,704 (2019: $1,031,199 operating cash outflows) and had a cash balance of $12,352 (2019: $243,615).

         Subsequent to year end, the Group raised $591,656 (Note 20) of additional capital. The Directors forecast
         they have sufficient cash to continue to fund operations for at least 12 months from the date the financial
         statements are signed. While management do not currently have committed funding to fund operations
         beyond this point, or to fully fund the marine consent re-application in its entirety, it has a history of raising
         additional funds and therefore expects to continue to meet its obligations for the foreseeable future, and to
         raise funding to complete the marine consent re-application.

         Management’s cash flow forecasts include the following assumptions:

                 The Group continues to manage its corporate costs appropriately within existing available funds.

                 The Directors will continue to raise further capital as required by one of a combination of the following:
                  placement of shares; pro-rata issue to shareholders; and/or further issue of shares to the public.

                 Expenditure is scalable such that the Group can continue to operate depending on funding obtained.
                  This includes continuing to operate for a period of 12 months from the date of the financial statements
                  in the event to further funding is obtained during that period.

                 The Directors plan to evolve the company from a single project focus into a more diversified
                  company, principally involving other phosphate assets.




12
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)



         The Group has obligations under the Minimum Work Programme for its existing mining permit as disclosed in
         Note 19. The work programme commitments have been met to date. If sufficient funding is not received the
         Group has the ability to apply to defer and reduce planned expenditure, similar to what the Group has done
         in the past.

         In preparing these consolidated financial statements, the Directors have considered the above material
         uncertainties. They believe that the plans they have implemented to address the uncertainties are feasible. In
         reaching this assessment, the Directors have considered:

                  the independent review of its marine consent application including the identified areas of deficiency
                   and its assessment of further study of how these deficiencies can be addressed;

                  the Group’s past success in managing costs to meet available funding; and

                  the Group’s previous ability to raise equity funding.

         On this basis, the Directors believe that the Group has the ability to generate sufficient funding to continue
         operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of authorising the financial statements. Hence, they
         consider the use of the going concern basis is appropriate.

         These financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be made to reflect that situation should
         the Group be unable to continue as a going concern, which means it may not be able to realise its assets or
         settle its liabilities in the normal course of business. Such adjustments may include realising assets at amounts
         other than those recorded in the financial statements, in particular the Mineral property interest of $4,456,736.
         In addition, the Group may have to:

                  provide for further liabilities that may arise;

                  reclassify certain non-current assets and liabilities as current.

     (a) Functional and presentation currency:

         These consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars ($) as the Group’s primary listing
         is on the Toronto Stock Exchange’s Venture Exchange. The functional currency of the parent company is
         Canadian Dollars and the functional currency of Chatham Rock Phosphate (NZ) Limited, the subsidiary
         company, is New Zealand dollars (NZD), the currency of the primary economic environment in which it
         operates.

     (b) Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions:

         The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements,
         estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities,
         and accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these
         assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount
         of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.




13
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)


         The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting
         date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
         liabilities within the next financial year, are described below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates
         on parameters available when the financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and
         assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances
         arising beyond the control of the Company. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

         In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
         which have the most significant effect on amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

         Share-based payment transactions

         The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions by reference to the fair value of the equity
         instruments at the date at which they are granted. The Company includes an estimate of forfeitures, share
         price volatility, expected life of awards, and risk-free interest rates in the calculation of the expense related to
         certain long-term employee incentive plans. These estimates are based on previous experience and may
         change throughout the life of an incentive plan. Such changes could impact the share-based payments
         reserve.

         Exploration and evaluation costs

         Significant judgement is required in determining whether it is likely that future economic benefits will be derived
         from the capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure. In the judgement of the Directors, at March 31,
         2020 exploration activities in each area of interest where amounts remain capitalised have not yet reached a
         stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable
         reserves. Active and significant operations in relation to each of those areas of interest are planned and
         nothing has come to the attention of the Directors to indicate future economic benefits will not be achieved.

         The Group cannot commence mining operations without the Marine Consent. The Group filed for the Marine
         Consent on May 14, 2014 but was declined on February 11, 2015. While the Group considers that it has a
         good case to receive the Marine Consent on re- application, there is no guarantee that the Marine Consent
         will be granted. If the Marine Consent is not granted or is granted subject to economically unfeasible
         conditions, the Group will not be able to proceed with mining operations in respect of the Mining Permit, which
         could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operations, and prospects of the Group.

         In the event where ongoing committed activities cannot be funded by existing financial resources, the Group
         will either need to raise additional capital, or meet its obligations either by farm-out or partial sale of the
         Group’s exploration interests, or subject to negotiation and approval, vary the minimum work requirements.
         The Directors are continually monitoring those areas of interest and are exploring alternatives for funding the
         development of those areas of interest when economically recoverable reserves are confirmed. If new
         information becomes available that suggests the recovery of expenditure is unlikely, the amounts capitalised
         will need to be reassessed at that time.




14
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




2.       Basis of preparation (continued)


         COVID-19

         The current outbreak of COVID-19 and the subsequent quarantine measures imposed by the New Zealand
         government as well as the travel restrictions imposed by New Zealand and other countries in early 2020 have
         caused disruption to businesses and economic activity.

         The Group has considered the nature of the event and concluded that the impact on the Group’s current
         activities to be minimal.



     (c) New accounting standards

         (i) New IFRS standards and interpretations adopted

         IFRS 16 “Leases”

         IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ replaces IAS 17 ‘Leases’ along with three Interpretations (IFRIC 4 ‘Determining whether an
         Arrangement contains a Lease’, SIC 15 ‘Operating Leases-Incentives’ and SIC 27 ‘Evaluating the Substance
         of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease’).

         Before the adoption of NZ IFRS 16, the Group classified each of its leases (as lessee) at the inception date
         as either a finance lease or an operating lease. A lease was classified as a finance lease if it transferred
         substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the leased asset to the Group; otherwise
         it was classified as an operating lease. Finance leases were capitalized at the commencement of the lease
         at the inception date fair value of the leased property or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease
         payments. Lease payments were apportioned between interest (recognized as finance costs) and reduction
         of the lease liability. In an operating lease, the leased property was not capitalised and the lease payments
         were recognized as rent expense in profit or loss within the statement of comprehensive income on a straight-
         line basis over the lease term. Any prepaid rent and accrued rent were recognized under Prepayments and
         Trade and other payables, respectively.

         Upon adoption of IFRS 16, the Group applied a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases
         that it is the lessee, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets.

         The Group has no leases with a term greater than 12 months at 1 April 2019 and, as such, there is no impact
         on the financial statements from adopting this standard.

         There are no other relevant standards and revisions to standards that have been published and are mandatory
         for the Company’s accounting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2019.

         (ii) New IFRS standards and interpretations issued but not yet adopted

         The standards below have been issued but not early adopted by the Group. It is expected that these will be
         adopted from the first period beginning on or after the effective date of the pronouncement.




15
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)


         IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (effective date from 1 January 2021)

         IFRS 17 provides a comprehensive model for insurance contracts, covering all relevant accounting aspects.
         The core of NZ IFRS 17 is the General (building block) Model, supplemented by:

         •        A specific adaptation for contracts with direct participation features (the Variable Fee Approach).

         •        A simplified approach (Premium Allocation Approach) mainly for short-duration contracts.

         The Group does not have any of these insurance arrangements and therefore the adoption of IFRS 17 is not
         expected to have a material impact on the Group at the date of transition to this new standard at 1 April 2020.



3.   Significant accounting policies


     The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently for all periods presented in these
     consolidated financial statements.

     (a) Basis of consolidation:
         Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition date, which is the
         date on which control is transferred to the Group. Control is the power to govern the financial and operating
         policies of an entity so as to obtain benefits from its activities. In assessing control, the Group takes into
         consideration potential voting rights that currently are exercisable.


         Transactions costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the Group
         incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred. Any contingent consideration
         payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity,
         then it is not re-measured and settlement is accounted for within equity.


         Otherwise, subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or
         loss. The Group recognises the fair value of all identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the
         acquired business.

         Subsidiaries

         Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
         consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

         Transactions eliminated on consolidation

         Intra-group balances are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

         These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Group and its subsidiaries. All inter-
         Group transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation.




16
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)


     (a) Basis of consolidation (continued):

         Significant subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                   Country of             Effective
         Name                                                                   incorporation              interest

          Chatham Rock Phosphate (NZ) Limited                                      New Zealand             100
          Manmar Investments One Hundred and                                       Namibia                 100
              Six (Proprietary) Limited
          Glass Earth (New Zealand) Limited                                        New Zealand             100
          Pacific Rare Earths Limited                                              New Zealand             100



         All of the subsidiaries have a March, 31 balance date.

         Glass Earth (New Zealand) Limited has been removed from the New Zealand Companies Office on 20
         September 2018. Manmar Investments Ond Hundred and Six and Pacific Rare Earths Limited both did not
         have any transactions during the years ending March 31, 2020 and 2019.

     (b) Currency translation:

         Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are recorded at the rate of exchange prevailing
         on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate in place on
         the reporting date. Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are
         translated at the exchange rate on the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
         denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency
         at the exchange rate at the date the fair value was determined. Foreign currency translation differences are
         recognised in profit or loss.

         For consolidation purposes, Chatham Rock Phosphate (NZ) Limited is translated into the Group’s
         presentation currency of Canadian dollars. Assets and liabilities are translated using the exchange rate
         prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average
         exchange rate for the relevant period. Translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income
         (loss) and are accumulated within equity in the currency translation reserve.


     (c) Share capital:

         Common shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares
         and share options are recognised as a deduction from equity.


     (d) Share purchase warrants:

         The Group issues transferrable share purchase warrants as part of their common share capital offering. The
         warrants are classified as an equity instrument as it only allows the holder to purchase one common share at
         a fixed price and is a non-derivative contract.


17
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (d) Share purchase warrants (continued)

         The consideration received on the sale of share and share purchase warrant is allocated using the residual
         method. The allocated amounts are presented respectively as share capital and warrants reserve account,
         within the Statement of Changes in equity.

         Any re-measurement adjustment, as a result of a subsequent modification of the terms of warrants, is not
         recognised within equity.



     (e) Share-based payments:

         The Company has a share option plan, under which the fair value of all share-based awards as estimated
         using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model at the grant date and amortized over the vesting periods. An
         individual is classified as an employee when the individual is an employee for legal or tax purposes (direct
         employee) or provides services similar to those performed by a direct employee, including directors of the
         Company. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards expected to
         vest. The offset is credited to share-based payments reserve.


         Upon exercise of the share purchase options, consideration paid together with the amount previously
         recognized in share-based payment reserve is recorded as an increase to share capital. Charges for share
         purchase options that are forfeited before vesting are reversed from the share-based payments reserves. For
         those share purchase options that expire or are forfeited after vesting, the amount previously recorded in
         share-based payments reserve is transferred to accumulated deficit.



     (f) Impairment:

         Non-financial assets other than indefinite life intangibles are tested for impairment whenever events or
         changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

         The Group conducts an annual internal review of asset values, which is used as a source of information to
         assess any indicators for impairment. If any impairment exists, an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount
         is calculated. Refer to factors considered in identifying whether the mineral asset may be impaired in Note
         (h).

         An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
         amount. Recoverable amount is the higher of an assets fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
         Non-financial assets that have suffered an impairment are tested for possible reversal of the impairment
         whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the impairment may have reversed.




18
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (g) Mineral property interest:

         Exploration and evaluation costs, including the costs of applying and acquiring licences, are capitalised as
         intangible assets on an area of interest basis. Costs incurred before the Group has obtained the legal rights
         to explore an area are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

         Exploration and evaluation assets are classified as intangible assets and are measured at cost less any
         accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation will commence once the Group has
         commenced mining operations and will be recognised on a unit of production basis.

         Exploration and evaluation assets are recognised and carried forward if the rights of the area of interest are
         current and either:

              (i)    The expenditures are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation
                     of the area of interest; or

              (ii)   Activities in the area of interest have not at the reporting date, reached a stage which permits a
                     reasonable assessment of the existence or other wise of economically recoverable reserves and
                     active and significant operations in, or in relation to, the area of interest are continuing.


         Ultimate recoupment of costs is dependent on successful development and commercial exploration or
         alternatively sale of respective areas. Costs are written off as soon as an area has been abandoned or
         considered to be non-commercial.

         Exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment when facts of circumstances suggest that the
         carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation assets may exceed its recoverable amount. The below
         facts and circumstances indicate that an entity should test exploration and evaluation assets for impairment
         (the list is not exhaustive):

                (a) the period for which the entity has the right to explore in the specific area has expired during the
                period or will expire in the near future, and is not expected to be renewed.

                (b) substantive expenditure on further exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the
                specific area is neither budgeted nor planned.

                (c) exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the specific area have not led to the
                discovery of commercially viable quantities of mineral resources and the entity has decided to
                discontinue such activities in the specific area.

                (d) sufficient data exist to indicate that, although a development in the specific area is likely to
                proceed, the carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation asset is unlikely to be recovered in
                full from successful development or by sale.

         Once the technical feasibility and commercial viability of the extraction of mineral resources in an area of
         interest are demonstrable, exploration and evaluation assets attributable to that area of interest are first tested
         for impairment and then reclassified from intangible assets to mining property and development assets within
         property, plant and equipment.
19
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)


     (h) Finance income and expenses:

           Finance income comprises interest income on bank deposits and foreign currency gains that are recognised
           in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Interest income is recognised as it accrues, using the effective
           interest method.

           Finance expenses comprise interest expense and foreign currency losses, are recognised in the Statement
           of Comprehensive Income. All borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income
           using the effective interest method.


     (i)   Income tax:

           Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the Statement
           of Comprehensive Income except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which
           case it is recognised in equity.

           Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
           substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

           Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
           liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is
           measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse,
           based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.

           A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
           against which temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date
           and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.


      (j) Financial assets:

           Financial asset are measured at:

           (I) Amortized cost;

           (ii) Fair Value in Other Comprehensive Income (“FVOCI”) – debt investment;

           (iii) FVOCI – equity investment; and

           (iv) Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (“FVTPL”).

           The classification depends on the business model in which the financial asset is managed and its contractual
           cash flow characteristics. Derivatives embedded in contracts where the host is a financial asset in the scope
           of IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, are never separated. Instead, the hybrid financial instrument as a whole is
           assessed for classification. The Group does not have any FVOCI instruments.




20
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




3. Significant accounting policies (continued)


     (j) Financial assets (continued)

        A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
        designated as at FVTPL:

        - it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

        - its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
        interest on the principal amount outstanding.

        A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component that is initially
        measured at the transaction price) is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at FVTPL, transaction
        costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition.

        The following accounting policies apply to the subsequent measurement of financial assets:

        Financial assets at FVTPL                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and
                                                 losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognized in
                                                 profit or loss.

        Financial assets at amortized cost These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
                                                 effective interest method. The amortized cost is reduced by impairment
                                                 losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and
                                                 impairment are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on
                                                 derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.

        Impairment of financial assets

        Financial assets measured at amortized cost, contract assets, and debt investments in FVOCI, but not
        investments in equity instruments, are assessed for credit impairment under the expected credit loss (“ECL”)
        model of impairment. This impairment model applies to lease receivables, loan commitments, and financial
        guarantee contracts; the Company has no such items. The financial assets at amortized cost consist of
        accounts receivables, cash and cash equivalents.

        Measurement of ECLs

        ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value
        of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the
        contract and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective
        interest rate of the financial asset.

        Credit-impaired financial assets

        At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets carried at amortized cost and debt
        securities at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that
        have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.




21
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)


     (j) Financial assets (continued)

           Presentation of impairment

           Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortized cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount
           of the assets. Impairment losses related to accounts and other receivables are presented separately in the
           statement of profit or loss and OCI. Impairment losses on other financial assets are presented under ‘finance
           costs’, and not presented separately in the statement of profit or loss and OCI due to materiality
           considerations.



     (k) Financial liabilities:

           Financial liabilities are classified as either financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or financial
           liabilities at amortized cost.

           Financial liabilities

           Financial liabilities at amortized cost are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred and
           subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the amounts originally received, net of
           transaction costs, and the redemption value is recognized in profit or loss over the period to maturity using
           the effective interest method.

           Financial liabilities are classified as current or non-current based on their maturity dates. The Company has
           classified accounts payable and other liabilities as liabilities at amortized cost.

           De-recognition of financial liabilities

           The Company de-recognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Company’s obligations are
           discharged, cancelled or they expire.


     (l)   Earnings per share:

           The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is
           calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Group by the weighted
           average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.


           Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted
           average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which
           comprise share warrants and options.




22
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




4.   Segment reporting


     The Group conducts its business as a single reportable operating segment, being the development of a defined
     rock phosphate deposit.


     The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
     operating segment, has been identified as the Board. The Board manages development activity through review
     and approval of contracts and other operational information.


     The Group operates in the minerals exploration industry within New Zealand and has commenced due diligence
     activities on phosphate assets overseas. However, as the overseas activities have not been significant to date,
     the Chief Operating Decision Maker, which is the CEO, does not analyze the overseas activities separately. The
     overseas license are subject to a moratorium therefore limiting the Group’s activities.


5.   Other current assets




                                                                                           2020                2019


     Prepayments                                                                 $       50,754      $       81,464
                                                                                 $       50,754      $       81,464




23
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




6.   Mineral property interest


     Exploration and evaluation on Chatham Rise Project


                                                                                          2020                   2019


     Opening balance                                                            $    4,680,435         $    4,552,204
     Exploration costs capitalised                                                      87,574                219,612
     Foreign exchange fluctuation                                                     (311,273)               (91,381)

     Net book value                                                             $    4,456,736         $   4,680,435


     Cost                                                                       $ 20,397,463           $ 21,752,826
     Impairment                                                                   (15,940,727)           (17,072,391)

     Net book value                                                             $    4,456,736         $   4,680,435


     The recoverability of the carrying amounts of exploration and evaluation assets is dependent on the Group gaining
     a Marine Consent for the project to be commercially successful. Commitments and tenure of the permit is included
     in Note 19.


     The Group was granted a Minerals Prospecting Licence (“MPL”) 50270 under the Continental Shelf Act 1964 on
     February 25, 2010 for a period of four years. The licence was extended for a further six years and due to expire
     on 24 February 2020. The Group relinquished the permit early on August 29, 2019. The licence covered 2887km2
     of the Chatham Rise and was located approximately 450 kilometres east of Christchurch.


     The Group also holds Minerals Mining Permit 55549 which was granted on December 6, 2013. The Minerals
     Mining Permit covers 820 sq km within the MPL 50270 area. The Mining Permit is for twenty years (expiry 2033)
     and subject to the granting of a Marine Consent from the Environmental Protection Authority (“EPA”), will allow
     the Group to conduct mining operations. The relinquishment of MPL 50270 has no impact on the mining permit
     and the proposed mining programme.


     On February 11, 2015, the Group was refused Marine Consent by an Independent Decision Making Committee
     (DMC) convened by the Environmental Protection Authority (EPA), New Zealand’s environmental regulator on
     grounds which the Group disputes. Subsequently, the Directors impaired the carrying value of the capitalised costs
     to represent their best estimate of the recoverability as the Group reconsiders the re-submission of the Marine
     Consent with the EPA.


     On April 27, 2017 and December 8, 2017 the Group was granted a change of conditions in the permit to further
     defer the minimum work programme commitments. All work commitments have been met to date.




24
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




6.    Mineral property interest (continued)


      The Group has considered whether there are any facts or circumstances that would indicate that the mineral
      property interest should be assessed for impairment and we noted the following:
               The Group’s tenure to the mining permit over the area is current and is not to expire in the near future;
               Substantive expenditure on further exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources is still planned;
               Relevant studies suggest that the phosphate within the area remains commercially viable and once the
                exploration begins the carrying amount of the asset is likely to be recovered.
      The above factors have been unchanged and concluded that no further impairment is required (2019: no
      impairment).


      In September 2012, the Group applied for five prospecting licences offshore Namibia. The prospecting regime is
      currently subject to a moratorium. It remains the intention of the Directors to pursue these licences.


7.    Trade other payables




                                                                                             2020                   2019


      Trade and other payables due to related parties                              $        5,232         $        5,444
      Other trade payables                                                                157,707                 32,827
      Accrued expenses                                                                     45,283                 44,221

                                                                                   $      208,222         $       82,492



8.    Share capital


     (a)   Authorised:

           The Group's share capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares without par value.

           The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are entitled to one vote per share at
           meetings of the Group, to the extent to which they have been paid up. All shares rank equally with regard to
           the Group’s residual assets.




25
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




8.   Share capital (continued)

     (b)   Issued and outstanding:

                                                                                        Number
                                                                                       of shares                 Amount

           Balance, April, 1, 2018                                                   17,681,093             33,843,499

           Issued during the year:
             Shares issued net of costs                                                6,622,659             1,225,282

           Balance, March 31, 2019                                                   24,303,752             35,098,781

           Transfers of share capital costs during the year                                     -            (207,377)

           Issued during the year:
             Shares issued net of costs                                                1,999,686                 246,722

           Balance, March 31, 2020                                                   26,303,438        $    35,108,126



     (c)   On April 23, 2019 the Company closed a non-brokered private placement of 1,352,055 units at a price of
           CAD$0.1275 per Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$172,387. Each unit consists of one common share and one-
           half of one non-transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
           common share at a price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is five years from the date of
           issuance.

     (d)   On December 23, 2019 the Company closed a non-brokered private placement of 647,631 units at a price of
           CAD$0.15 per Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$97,144. Each unit consists of one common share and one
           transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share
           at a price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is five years from the date of issuance.

     (e) Warrants:

            Original Grant Date           Modified Grant Date       Original Expiry Date        Modified Expiry Date

            June 27, 2017                 February 18, 2019         June 27, 2019               June 27, 2022
            January 24, 2018              February 18, 2019         January 24, 2020            January 24, 2023
            June 13, 2018                 February 18, 2019         June 13, 2020               June 13, 2023
            August 25, 2018               February 18, 2019         August 25, 2020             August 25, 2023
            March 26, 2019                March 26, 2019            March 26, 2024              March 26, 2024
            April 23, 2019                April 23, 2019            April 23, 2024              April 23, 2024
            December 23, 2019             December 23, 2019         December 23, 2024           December 23, 2024




26
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




8.   Share capital (continued)

     (e) Warrants (continued):


              Expiry Date           Exercise    Balance          Issued        Exercised       Expired/         Balance
                                     prices    March, 31                                      cancelled/       March, 31
                                                  2019                                         forfeited             2020
           June 27, 2022               $0.45       445,706                 -             -         (3,413)           442,293
           January 24, 2023            $0.45       486,368                 -             -                 -         486,368
           June 13, 2023               $0.45     1,172,885                 -             -                 -     1,172,885
           August 25, 2023             $0.45       381,780                 -             -                 -         381,780
           March 26, 2024              $0.45     1,756,663                 -             -                 -     1,756,663
           April 23, 2024              $0.45                -      676,026               -                 -         676,026
           December 23,                $0.45                -      647,631               -                 -         647,631
           2024
                                                 4,243,402       1,323,657               -         (3,413)       5,563,646
           Weighted average
           exercise price                               $0.45        $0.45               -         ($0.45)             $0.45
           Weighted average
           remaining life (years)                        3.35          4.41              -                 -            3.60


          On June 27, 2019 3,413 warrants expired. These warrants were issued with shares as part of a finder’s fee
          and were not subject to the modified expiry date.


          On April 23, 2019 as part of a Share Purchase Plan the Company issued 676,026 non-transferable share
          purchase warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a price of CAD$0.45
          per share any time prior to April 23, 2024.

          On December 23, 2019 as part of a Share Purchase Plan the Company issued 647,631 non-transferable
          share purchase warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a price of
          CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to December 23, 2024.


          Using the residual approach, the warrants issued in April and December 2019 were valued at $22,809. These
          are deemed Level 2 fair values as it is in reference to the quoted price of the shares at issuance date.




27
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




8.    Share capital (continued)


     (f)   On February 18, 2019 the Company announced that all issued 2017 warrants would be reduced in price from
           CAD $1.00 per common share to CAD $0.45 per share and that it was going to extend the expiry date from
           two years to five years from the date of issuance. None of the 2017 warrants have to date be exercised.


           It also announced that the June 2018 and August 2018 options were both to be extended to five years from
           the date of issuance. None of the June 2018 or August 2018 warrant have to date been exercised.


           The warrant terms were changed in order to ensure that they can be exercised after the achievement of key
           future milestones including the grant of the environmental permit and the commencement of the dredging
           operations.

9.    Share based payments


     (a)   Recognised share-based payment expenses
           The purpose of the share-based payments is to reward key consultants and cornerstone investors in a manner
           that aligns remuneration with the creation of shareholder wealth. As the Company’s activities have been
           predominantly developing an already defined mineral deposit, shareholder wealth is dependent, for the
           foreseeable future, on development success rather than an improvement in the Company’s earnings.

           The Company grants share purchase options pursuant to the policies of the TSX-Venture Exchange with
           respect to eligible persons, exercise price, maximum term, vesting, maximum options per person and
           termination of eligible person status. These are treated as equity-settled share based payments.

           The Company granted 1,690,000 share options under the share option plan of May 8, 2018. The options
           expire on May 8, 2023 are exercisable at $0.29 per share. 1,580,000 options fully vested on May 8, 2018 and
           110,000 options will vest upon a performance hurdle being achieved. The performance hurdle is gaining the
           Marine Consent.

           During the year 500,000 share options were granted under the share option plan of May 8, 2018. The options
           expire on October 8, 2029 are exercisable at $0.11 per share. 500,000 options fully vested on October 8,
           2019.

           The share-based payment expense of $39,100 (2019: $230,787) was estimated using the Black-Scholes
           Option Pricing model assuming a risk free rate of 1% (2019: 2.16%), a volatility of 65%, an expected dividend
           rate of nil and an expected life of 10 years (2019: 5 years). The shares in the Company traded at CAD $0.11
           (2019: CAD$0.27) on the grant date.


           During the year 380,000 options were forfeited following the resignation of two directors, Dr Robin Falconer
           (July 19, 2018) & Mr Ernst Schönbächler (July19, 2019).




28
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




9.    Share based payments (continued)


           The continuity of outstanding share based options for the year ended March 31, 2020, is as follows:

               Expiry Date           Exercise   Balance         Issued        Exercised       Expired/           Balance
                                      prices    March, 31                                    cancelled/         March, 31
                                                    2019                                      forfeited           2020
            May 8, 2023,                $0.29    1,690,000                -             -      (380,000)          1,310,000
            October 8, 2029             $0.11               -     500,000               -                  -       500,000
                                                 1,690,000        500,000               -      (380,000)          1,810,000
            Weighted average
            exercise price                            $0.29          $0.11              -            $0.29            $0.24
            Weighted average
            remaining life (years)                     4.08           9.50              -                  -           4.86




     (b)   Equity-settled transactions

           Share-based payments of C$nil (March, 31 2019: C$nil) settled by the issue of nil (March, 31 2019: nil)
           ordinary shares in the Company.


10. Earnings per share


      The earnings and weighted average number of outstanding shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted
      earnings per share are as follows:

                                                                                                    2020            2019

           Loss used in the calculation of basic
                                                                                             (640,298)          (911,839)
           EPS
           Weighted average number of
           outstanding shares for the purpose of                                            25,746,023         20,057,457
           basic EPS
           Effect of dilution, weighted number of
                                                                                                       -                 -
           mandatory warrants
           Weighted average number of
           outstanding shares used in the                                                   25,746,023         20,057,457
           calculation of diluted EPS
           Basic loss per share                                                               (0.0249)           (0.0455)
           Diluted loss per share                                                             (0.0249)           (0.0455)



      No dilution effect on diluted EPS as the company was operating at a net loss for the period




29
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




11. Finance income and expenses


                                                                                                  2020          2019

          Interest income on bank deposits                                                        1,994             -
          Net foreign exchange gains                                                                126             -
          Finance income                                                                          2,120             -
          Interest expense                                                                          395             -
          Net foreign exchange losses                                                                 -         1,084
          Finance expense                                                                           395         1,084
          Net finance income and expenses                                                  $      1,725   $   (1,084)




12. General and administrative expenses


     The following items of expenditure are included in administrative expenses:

                                                                                                  2020         2019

            Auditor’s remuneration to Grant
            Thornton New Zealand Audit
            Partnership comprises:
            Audit of annual financial statements                                                40,000                -

            Auditor’s remuneration to KPMG
            comprises:
            Audit of annual financial statements                                                      -        36,467
            Taxation review                                                                       6,888        12,227

            Total auditors’ remuneration                                                        46,888         48,694
            Accountancy fees                                                                    12,846         18,895
            Consultancy fees                                                                    77,823        132,089
            Directors fees                                                                           -              -
            Insurance                                                                           15,586         13,640
            Legal fees                                                                          96,105        106,768
            Listing fees                                                                         6,397          9,022
            Management fees                                                                    123,984        128,592
            Marketing                                                                           92,870         29,297
            Registry fees                                                                       26,476         20,057
            Rent                                                                                18,942         19,646
            Travel                                                                              35,042         67,888

     The Board has agreed to forfeit directors fees for the year ended March 31, 2020 (beyond the amount charged).
     Some directors are remunerated for their services through consultancy fees.

     Refer to Note 17 for discussion on consultancy fees, which are charged by related parties.



30
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




13. Income tax expense in the Statement of Comprehensive Income


     Reconciliation of effective tax rate

                                                                                             2020              2019

         Profit/(loss) for the year                                              $       (640,296)   $    (911,839)
         Income tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate
                                                                                         (172,880)        (246,197)
          27%
         Tax effect of:
          Non-deductible expenditure                                                       81,191           125,823
          Current year losses for which no deferred tax is
                                                                                           34,328           164,901
          recognised
          Change in unrecognized temporary differences                                     63,762          (35,410)
          Foreign tax rate differentials                                                   (6,403)          (9,117)
          Income tax expense                                                                     -                -
          Comprising:
          Current tax expense                                                                    -                 -
          Deferred tax expense
          Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                 61,484          (34,145)
          Change in unrecognized temporary differences                                    (61,484)            34,145
          Total income tax expense in income statement                                           -                 -

         The current tax assets consists of:
         Resident withholding tax paid                                                           -                 -

         Current tax assets                                                      $               -   $             -



14. Deferred tax assets and liabilities


     Unrecognised deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following:

                                                                                             2020              2019

         Deductible Temporary differences                                        $               -   $             -
         Tax losses                                                                    (9,771,305)       (9,736,976)

                                                                                     $ (9,771,305)   $ (9,736,976)




31
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




14. Deferred tax assets and liabilities (continued)


     Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

                                                                                                2020                     2019

         Property, plant & equipment                                                 $             -           $             -
         Intangible assets                                                                 1,263,717                 1,229,095
         Trade and other payables                                                             12,213                    11,126
         Tax losses                                                                      (1,275,930)               (1,240,221)

                                                                                     $              -          $             -



15. Financial instruments


     Exposure to credit, market, foreign currency, equity prices and liquidity risks arise in the normal course of the
     Group’s business.

     Financial instruments are comprised of accounts receivable and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents,
     other financial assets, trade creditors and other payables, and other financial liabilities.

     Recognition and de-recognition of financial assets and liabilities

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the financial instrument. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value
     plus transaction costs

     Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or
     if the Group transfers the financial asset to another party without retaining control or substantial all risks and
     rewards of the asset.

     A financial liability is derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

     Subsequent measurement of financial assets

     All financial assets held by the Group in the years reported have been designated into one classification, "loans
     and receivables", being non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in
     an active market. After initial recognition these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method,
     less provision for impairment. Discounting is omitted where the effect of discounting is immaterial.

     All financial assets are subject to review for impairment at least once each reporting date. Accounts receivable are
     reviewed for impairment when accounts are past due or when other objective evidence is received that a specific
     counterparty will default.

     Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
     Trade payables and other borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
     method.

32
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




15. Financial instruments (continued)


     Sensitivity analysis

     In managing currency risks the Group aims to reduce the impact of short-term fluctuations on the Group’s earnings.
     Over the longer-term, however, permanent changes in foreign exchange will have an impact on profit.

     It is estimated that a general increase of one percentage point in the value of the New Zealand dollar against other
     foreign currencies would have decreased the Group’s profit before income tax by an immaterial amount for the
     period ended March 31, 2020 (2019: an immaterial amount). As a purchaser of foreign currency, the Group’s risk
     is that the NZD depreciates.

     Credit risk:

     The Group incurs credit risk from financial instruments when a counter party fails to meet its contractual obligations.
     Credit risk arises on cash and other receivables. The Group does not have a significant concentration of credit risk
     with any single party.

     Market risk:

     Market risk is that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the
     Group’s income or the value of it’s holding of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is
     to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

     Foreign currency risk:

     The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the
     Group’s functional currency, New Zealand dollars (NZD). It is the Group’s policy not to hedge foreign currency
     risks.

     At March 31, 2020, the Group is exposed to currency risk through the following assets and liabilities denominated
     in Canadian dollars:



                                                                                        2020                          2019

               Cash and cash equivalents                                               3,808                         9,986
               Other current assets                                                      816                        51,114

               Accounts payable                                                     (111,949)                      (17,199)
                                                                                    (107,325)                       43,901


     Interest rate risk:

     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
     of changes in market interest rates.

     The Group’s cash and cash equivalents attract interest at floating rates and have maturities of 90 days or less.
     The interest is typical of New Zealand banking rates, which are at present historically low; however, the Group’s
     conservative investment strategy mitigates the risk of deterioration to capital invested. A change of 100 basis
     points in the interest rate would not be material to the consolidated financial statements.
33
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




15. Financial instruments (continued)


     Liquidity risk:

     Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Group’s
     approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet
     its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or
     risking damage to the Group’s reputation.

     Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, which has built an
     appropriate liquidity risk framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and longer term funding
     and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash
     balances through monitoring of future rolling cash flow forecasts of its operations and equity raising, which reflect
     management’s expectations of the settlement of financial assets and liabilities.


     The only financial liabilities are trade and other payables. At March 31, 2020, the Group had $208,222 (2019:
     $82,492) in trade and other payables including accrued liabilities. Trade payables are non-interest bearing and
     have a contractual maturity of less than 30 days.


     (a) Financial assets and liabilities:

         As at March 31, 2020, the carrying and fair values of our financial instruments by category are as follows:

                                                                      Fair value
                                                                       through          Total
                                                      Amortised       profit and       carrying      Less than 1        1 to 3
                                                        cost             loss          amount           year            years
                                                         $                 $              $               $               $

          Financial assets

          Cash and cash
          equivalent                                      12,352                 -        12,352          12,352                  -
          Trade and other
          receivables                                           -            816              816            816                  -

          NZX Bond                                        12,762                 -        12,762          12,762                  -

          Total financial assets                          25,114             816          25,930          25,930                  -

          Financial liabilities

          Trade and other
          payables                                              -       208,222          208,222         208,222                  -

          Total financial
          liabilities                                           -       208,222          208,222         208,222                  -




34
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




15. Financial instruments (continued)

     (b) Fair value:

         All financial instruments measured at fair value are categorized into one of three hierarchy levels, described
         below, for disclosure purposes. Each level is based on the transparency of the inputs used to measure the
         fair values of assets and liabilities:

             Level 1 - Values based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
              measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.

             Level 2 - Values based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or model inputs that are observable
              either directly or indirectly for substantially the full contractual term of the asset or liability.

             Level 3 - Values based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable
              and significant to the overall fair value measurement.

     The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued
     liabilities approximate their respective fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying
     value of the bank term loan approximates its fair value due to the existence of floating market-based interest rates.

     The Group has no financial assets or liabilities included in Level 1, 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy.



16. Capital management


     The Group defines the capital that it manages as its shareholder equity.

     The Group’s objectives with respect to managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
     going concern so that it can provide future returns to shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders.

     The Group’s capital structure reflects a Group focused on mineral exploration and financing both internal and
     external growth opportunities. The exploration for and development of mineral deposits involves significant risk
     which even a combination of careful evaluation, experience and knowledge may not adequately mitigate.

     In order to maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may issue new shares or sell assets to fund ongoing
     operations.

     The Group manages its capital structure by performing the following:

        Preparing budgets and cash-flow forecasts which are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors;

        Regular internal reporting and Board of Directors meetings to review actual versus budgeted spending and
         cash-flows; and

        Detailed project analysis to assess and determine new funding requirements.

     There were no changes in the Group’s approach to capital management during the period. The Group is not
     subject to externally imposed capital requirements.




35
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




17. Related party transactions


     (a) Balances receivable and payable:

         The amounts due to related parties and included in accounts payable, are non-interest bearing, unsecured
         and due on demand, and comprise the following:

                                                                                      2020                 2019

         Due to directors                                                  $        11,837        $        5,444
         Due to executive officers                                                       -                     -

                                                                           $        11,837        $        5,444


     (b) Key management personnel:

         Key management personnel includes the consulting and management fees paid and/or accrued to the Group’s
         senior officers and directors as follows:

                                                                                      2020                 2019

         Consultancy fees                                                  $        14,529        $        9,611
         Management fees                                                           123,984               128,592
                                                                           $       138,513        $      138,203


         Depending on the nature of services and costs, certain amounts have been capitalized to intangible assets
         as they are directly attributable to the Chatham Rise project.


         Transactions and balances with key management personnel and their related parties


         During the year, the Company paid management fees of $nil (2019: $nil) to Chris Castle. The outstanding
         balance at balance date was $nil (2019: $nil).


         During the year, the Company paid nil (2019: $28,665) for consultancy fees provided by Robert Goodden
         Consulting Ltd, a company in which Mr R Goodden is also a Director. The outstanding balance at balance
         date was $nil (2019: $nil).


         During the year, the Company paid consultancy fees for stakeholder management of $8,718 (2019: $16,208)
         to Ms L Sanders. The outstanding balance at balance date was $5,232 (2019: $5,444).


         During the year, the Company paid consultancy fees of $5,812 (2019: $6,530) to Nevay Holdings Ltd, a
         company in which Mr C Castle & Ms J Hatchwell are also Directors. The outstanding balance at balance date
         was $6,604 (2019: $nil).




36
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




17. Related party transactions (continued)


         During the year, the Company paid consultancy fees and other disbursements of $657 (2019: $15,538) to
         CRP-OCS Consulting Ltd, a company in which Mr R Wood is also a Director. The outstanding balance at
         balance date was $nil (2019: $nil).


         Ms L Sanders, Mr C Castle and Ms J Hatchwell, Directors of Chatham Rock Phosphate Ltd are commonly
         Directors in Aorere Resources Limited, which in its own name and through its subsidiary; Mineral
         Investments Ltd has a combined 1.8% (2019: 2.3%) shareholding in Chatham Rock Phosphate Ltd.

         During the year, the Company paid management fees of $123,984 (2019: $128,592) to Aorere Resources
         Limited. The outstanding balance at balance date was $nil (2019: $nil).



18. Reconciliation of the loss for the year with the net cash from operating activities



                                                                                                2020              2019

      (Loss) for the period                                                              $ (640,296)        $ (911,839)
      Adjustments for:
          Depreciation                                                                            98                  -
          Share-based payments                                                                39,100           230,787
          Expenses (non-cash)                                                                      -           (27,165)
          Foreign exchange fluctuation                                                             -           (44,508)

      Change in trade and other receivables                                                   (1,337)               907
      Change in other current assets                                                        (15,340)             82,843
      Change in current tax assets                                                              2,055             3,725
      Change in trade and other payables                                                     156,590          (146,337)
      Net cash from operating activities                                                 $ (459,130)        $ (811,587)




19. Commitments and contingencies


     Licence work commitments

     The Group has the following indicative expenditure commitments at balance date (being minimum work
     requirements under its minerals mining permit and minerals prospecting licence). The Company is dependent on
     certain factors to be able to meet these minimum work requirements. They are set out in Note 2(d).




37
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




19. Commitments and contingencies (continued)



                                                                                             2020                    2019
                                                                                             NZD                     NZD


      Within one year                                                             $             -          $            -
      After one year but not more than five years                                 $     6,000,000          $    6,000,000
                                                                                  $     6,000,000          $    6,000,000



     Minerals Mining Permit 55549

     The Minerals Mining Permit was granted on December 6, 2013. On November 7, 2019 the Company was granted
     a change of conditions in the permit to defer the minimum work programme commitments. To date all minimum
     work commitments have been completed. The minimum work programme includes:

     Within 96 months of the commencement date of the permit, the permit holder shall:

            Complete and submit a sufficiently detailed engineering study and feasibility study, which (without
             limitation) is at the level of detail to reach a decision-to-mine milestone; and

            Submit a detailed timeline for the construction/refit of a selected vessel including (without limitation) the
             detail timing of the commissioning and mobilisation to the Chatham Rise; and

            Complete and submit a marine operations risk review report that includes (without limitation) a HAZID
             Risk Assessment Matrix, risk review of on-board processing and risk review of planned and unplanned
             maintenance in various weather scenarios; and

            Either commit by notice in writing to the Chief Executive to carry out the work programme obligations set
             out for the following 24 months and to commence production within 60 months of the commencement
             date of the permit or surrender the permit.


     Within 120 months of the commencement date of the permit, the permit holder must spend on average $2 million
     per annum completing appropriate sampling, geophysical and geotechnical surveys and data analysis (without
     limitation) in respect of the mining blocks identified for the first five years of production. For the remainder of the
     term the Company must spend $2 million per annum on carrying out further specified work programme
     commitments.




38
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019




20. Subsequent events


     On May 5, 2020 the Company announced that it had closed a non-brokered private placement of 5,029,820 units
     at a price of CAD $0.08 (NZ$0.10) per Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$402,385.60. Each unit consists of one
     common share and one transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase
     one common share at a price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is five years from the date of
     issuance. All securities issued pursuant to the private placement are subject to a hold period and may not be
     traded until September 5, 2020.

     On June 23, 2020 the Company announced that it had closed a non-brokered private placement of 2,365,894
     units at a price of CAD $0.08 (NZ$0.10) per Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$189,271.52. Each unit consists of
     one common share and one transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to
     purchase one common share at a price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is five years from
     the date of issuance. All securities issued pursuant to the private placement are subject to a hold period and may
     not be traded until October 23, 2020.

     The current outbreak of COVID-19 and the subsequent quarantine measures imposed by the New Zealand
     government as well as the travel restrictions imposed by New Zealand and other countries in early 2020 have
     caused disruption to businesses and economic activity. The Group considers this to be a non-adjusting post
     balance sheet event.

     The Group is committed to supporting government and community efforts to limit the spread of the virus, and
     supporting business continuity with regard to its employees and contractors.

     There were no other material subsequent events up to the date of the Audit report.


21. Reclassification of prior year presentation


     Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. An
     adjustment has been made to transfer amounts between equity accounts as follows:

              Share capital to warrants reserve to disclose the fair value of the warrants issued to date; and

              Retained earnings to foreign currency translation reserve to correct the presentation of the currency
               translation from consolidation.

     These changes in classification does not affect previously reported total equity in the Statement of Changes in
     Equity.




39
