Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)



CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018
CONTENTS


Canadian declaration – Management’s Responsibility for      2
Financial Reporting
New Zealand declaration – Directors’ declaration             3
Auditors’ Report                                           4-6
Statement of Financial Position                              7
Statement of Changes in Equity                               8
Statement of Comprehensive Income                            9
Statement of Cash Flows                                     10
Notes to the Financial Statements                        11-35




1
                                           CANADIAN DECLARATION

                          MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING



The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited and all the
information in this annual report are the responsibility of management and have been approved by the Board
of Directors.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). Financial statements are not precise since they include certain
amounts based on estimates and judgments. Management has determined such amounts on a reasonable
basis in order to ensure that the financial statements are presented fairly, in all material respects.
Management has prepared the financial information presented elsewhere in the annual report and has
ensured that it is consistent with that in the financial statements.

Chatham Rock Phosphate maintains systems of internal accounting and administrative controls in order to
provide, on a reasonable basis, assurance that the financial information is relevant, reliable and accurate and
that the Company’s assets are appropriately accounted for and adequately safeguarded.

The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibilities for financial
reporting and is ultimately responsible for reviewing and approving the financial statements. The Board carries
out this responsibility principally through its Audit Committee (“Committee”).

The Committee is appointed by the Board, and the majority of its members are independent non-executive
directors. The Committee meets at least four times a year with management, and as required with the
external auditors, to discuss internal controls over the financial reporting process, auditing matters and
financial reporting issues, to satisfy itself that each party is properly discharging its responsibilities, and to
review the quarterly and the annual reports, the financial statements and the external auditors’ report. The
Committee reports its findings to the Board for consideration when approving the financial statements for
issuance to the shareholders. The Committee also considers, for review by the Board and approval by the
shareholders, the engagement or reappointment of the external auditors, KPMG. KPMG were engaged to
audit the consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian Generally Accepted Auditing
Standards and International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) on behalf of the shareholders. KPMG has
full and free access to the Audit Committee.


Chris Castle
Chief Executive Officer


Robyn Hamilton
Chief Financial Officer

June 12, 2019




2
                                         NEW ZEALAND DECLARATION


                                           DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION


In the opinion of the directors of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited, the consolidated financial statements
and notes, on pages 7 to 35:

    materially comply with both International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and generally accepted
     accounting practice in New Zealand and give a true and fair view of the financial position of the company and
     the group as at March 31, 2019 and the results of their operations and cash flows for the year ended on that
     date, and

    Have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, which have been consistently applied and
     supported by reasonable judgements and estimates.

The directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the
determination of the financial position of the company and the group and facilitate compliance of the financial
statements with the Financial Reporting Act 2013 and Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The directors consider that they have taken adequate steps to safeguard the assets of the company and group,
and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. Internal control procedures are also considered to be
sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance as to the integrity and reliability of the financial statements.

The directors present the financial statements for Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited for the year ended March
31, 2019.


For and on behalf of the Board of Directors




__________________________                    __________________________________
C Castle                                             J Hatchwell
Director                                             Director
Date: 12 June 2019                                   Date: 12 June 2019




3
                  INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT

To the Shareholders of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited (the
“Group”), which comprise:
•    the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018;

•    the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income for the years then
     ended
•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the years then ended;

•    the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended; and

•    notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
     policies

(Hereinafter referred to as the “financial statements”).

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, and its
consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditors’ Responsibilities for
the Audit of the Financial Statements” section of our auditors’ report.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the financial statements in Canada and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern
We draw attention to Note 2(d) in the financial statements. The Group has incurred negative cash flow
from operations of CAD $1,031,199 (2018: CAD $2,418,336), a loss of CAD $911,839 (2018: CAD
$1,228,005) and as at March 31, 2019 has a current year working capital surplus of CAD $302,580 as
at March 31, 2019 (2018: CAD $10,130).

The ability to continue to operate long-term is dependent on raising further cash to fund the Group’s
reapplication to the Environmental Protection Authority to obtain marine consent for the Chatham Rise
project. These events or conditions indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant
doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. Other information comprises:

•   the information the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the
    relevant Canadian Securities Commissions.

•   the information, other than the financial statements and the auditors’ report thereon, included in
    a document likely to be entitled “Glossy Annual Report”.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit and remain alert for
indications that the other information appears to be materially misstated.

We obtained the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the relevant
Canadian Securities Commissions as at the date of this auditors’ report. If, based on the work we have
performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact in the auditors’ report.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the
Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), and for such internal control as
management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process.

Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that
includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of the financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
    evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
    resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
    misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
    opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting
    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
    or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.
    If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’
    report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
    to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date
    of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
    continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
    disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
    events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
    scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies
    in internal control that we identify during our audit.

•   Provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
    ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and
    other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
    applicable, related safeguards.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
    business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are
    responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
    responsible for our audit opinion.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditors’ report is Brent Manning, CA.




KPMG
Wellington, New Zealand
June 12, 2019
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Balance Sheet
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
                                                                                       March 31,           March 31,
                                                                 Notes                     2019                2018


 Assets
 Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                   $        243,615        $     81,484
   Accounts receivable and other receivables                                             57,880              12,631
   Current tax assets                                                                     2,113               9,973
   Other current assets                                             5                    81,464             169,271
                                                                                        385,072             273,359

 Non-current assets:
   Property, plant and equipment                                                             104                 106
   NZX Bond                                                                               13,668              13,962
   Mineral property interest                                        6                  4,680,435           4,552,204
                                                                                       4,694,207           4,566,272

 Total assets                                                                  $       5,079,279   $       4,839,631


 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
 Current liabilities:
   Trade and other payables                                         7              $     82,492    $        263,229
                                                                                         82,492             263,229

 Total liabilities                                                                       82,492             263,229

 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                                    8               35,068,781           33,843,499
   Foreign currency translation reserve                                                       -              99,955
   Employee share option reserve                                                       230,787                    -
   Accumulated deficit                                                             (30,302,781)        (29,367,052)
 Total shareholders’ equity                                                          4,996,787            4,576,402

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                        $ 5,079,279         $ 4,839,631

Going concern (note 1)
Commitments and contingencies (note 19)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                               kpmg
                                                                                                                  Wellington

7                                                                                                                 Marked for
                                                                                                                 Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018

                                                                    Notes                      2019            2018

 Revenue                                                                              $       5,358     $     4,585

 Finance income                                                                                    -           7,650
 Finance expense                                                                             (1,084)        (50,469)
 Net finance income/(expense)
                                                                       11                    (1,084)        (42,819)


 Expenses

 General and administrative expenses                                   12                  (675,809)    (1,102,537)
 Depreciation                                                                                      -          (176)
 Share-based payments                                                   9                  (230,787)              -
 Exploration costs                                                                           (8,536)       (10,230)
 Marine Consent Application costs                                                              (981)       (76,828)
 Profit/(loss) before income tax (continuing
                                                                                           (911,839)    (1,228,005)
 operations)

 Income tax expense                                                                                -                 -

 Net (loss)/profit for the period from continuing
                                                                                           (911,839)   $(1,228,005)
 operations

 Other Comprehensive Income
 Foreign currency translation                                                               (23,890)                 -

 Total comprehensive (loss)/profit for the period                                      $(935,729)      $(1,228,005)


 Basic shareholders’ loss per share (Canadian
                                                                                      ¢       (4.55)    ¢     (7.93)
 cents)


 Diluted shareholders’ loss per share (Canadian
                                                                                      ¢       (4.55)    ¢     (7.93)
 cents)


 Weighted average number of common shares
                                                                                      20,057,457       15,486,362
 outstanding

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                            kpmg
                                                                                                              Wellington
8                                                                                                             Marked for
                                                                                                             Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, except number of common shares)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018


                                                                                                                        Foreign        Employee
                                       Number of                                                                       Currency            share
                                        common            Number of                                 Share            translation          option   Accumulated          Shareholders’
                                          shares           warrants                                 capital             reserve          reserve        deficit                equity
Balance, 1 April, 2017                 13,627,813         1,903,832                         $   32,426,568       $      97,334     $           -   $ (28,139,047)   $       4,384,855

Issue of shares, net of costs           3,674,066                 -                              1,416,931                     -               -              -             1,416,931
Issue of discretionary warrants                 -          932,0741                                      -                     -               -              -                     -
Exercised mandatory warrants              379,214          (379,214)                                         -                 -               -              -                       -
Expired discretionary warrants                  -        (1,524,618)                                         -                 -               -              -                       -
Currency translation gain                        -                 -                                         -            2,621                -              -                  2,621
Net loss for the period                          -                 -                                         -                -                -     (1,228,005)            (1,228,005)

Balance, March 31, 2018                17,681,093           932,074                         $   33,843,499       $      99,955     $          -    $(29,367,052)        $   4,576,402

Issue of shares, net of costs           6,622,659                  -                             1,225,282                     -               -              -             1,225,282
Issue of discretionary warrants                  -       3,311,3291                                          -                 -              -               -                     -
Share-based payments                             -                -                                          -                 -        230,787               -               230,787
Currency translation loss                        -                 -                                         -         (99,955)                -              -               (99,955)
Net loss for the period                          -                 -                                         -               -                 -       (935,729)             (935,729)

Balance, March 31, 2019                24,303,752         4,243,403                         $   35,068,781       $             -   $    230,787    $(30,302,781)        $   4,996,787

    1.   The value of warrants issued in connection with share capital has been included in share capital.



The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                                kpmg
                                                                                                                                                                                  Wellington
                                                                                                                                                                                  Marked for
9                                                                                                                                                                                Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statements of Cash flows
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018

                                                                  Notes                  2019            2018

 Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net interest received                                                               $    -      $     5,250
 Cash received from customers                                                         5,358            4,585
 Cash paid to suppliers                                                           (820,212)      (1,179,365)
 Exploration expenditure                                                          (219,612)      (1,198,371)
 Interest paid                                                                            -         (50,435)
 Tax refund received                                                                  3,267                -
 Net cash (used in) operating activities                             18         (1,031,199)      (2,418,336)

 Cash flows from investing activities:
 Funds withdrawn from Trust account                                                   4,678           462,118
 Funds deposited in Trust account                                                         -            (4,678)
 Net cash (used in) investing activities                                              4,678           457,440

 Cash flows from financing activities:
 Proceeds from issue of share capital, net of
 issue costs                                                                       1,189,282         1,296,954
 Net cash from financing activities                                                1,189,282         1,296,954

 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents                                                                        162,761          (663,942)
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of
 period                                                                              81,484           762,672
 Effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on
 cash held                                                                               (630)        (17,246)
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                      $    243,615      $     81,484


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                           kpmg
                                                                                                                 Wellington
10                                                                                                            Marked for
                                                                                                             Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




1.   Nature of business and going concern



     Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited (the “Group” or “CRP”) is a development-stage Group incorporated under the
     Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange’s Venture Exchange
     (“TSX-V”). The Group is also registered on the overseas company register under the New Zealand Companies Act
     1993 and listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange’s Alternative Market (“NZAX”). The Group is an FMC
     reporting entity under part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New Zealand)

     The Group comprises the parent Group and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The financial statements are presented
     for the consolidated group.

     Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited’s focus is the development and exploitation of the Chatham Rise rock
     phosphate deposit offshore New Zealand and potential overseas phosphate projects.

     The Group’s registered offices are:

             3200 – 650 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, B.C., Canada V6B 4P7

             Level 1, 93 The Terrace, Wellington 6011, New Zealand

     Accordingly, the Group has reporting obligations in both the Canadian and New Zealand jurisdictions.


2.   Basis of preparation



     (a) Statement of compliance:

         These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the principles of the
         International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
         Board (“IASB”). .

     (b) Approval of the financial statements:

         The consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2019 were reviewed by the Audit
         Committee and approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on June 12, 2019.

     (c) Basis of measurement:

         These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, utilising the accrual
         method of accounting unless otherwise described in the following notes.




                                                                                                                kpmg
                                                                                                                  Wellington
11                                                                                                                Marked for
                                                                                                                 Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)



     (d) Going concern

           These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that
           the Group will be able to realise its assets and extinguish its liabilities in the normal course of business and at
           amounts stated in the financial report. This includes the Group’s minerals mining commitments, being the
           minimum work requirements under the Minerals Mining Permit (MMP) 55549, as set out in Note 19.

           The Group incurred a net loss of $935,729 during the year ended 31 March 2019 and, as of that date; the
           Group’s current assets exceed its current liabilities. The Group had cash reserves of $243,615 and permit
           work commitments with associated indicative costings as set out in Note 19.

           The above mentioned conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant
           doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

           The Directors have prepared a cash flow forecast through to the period ending June 30, 2020 to support the
           ongoing operations of the Group that includes the following:

                    The Group continues to manage its corporate costs appropriately within existing available funds.

                    The Directors will continue to raise further capital as required by one of a combination of the
                     following: placement of shares, pro-rata issue to shareholders, and/or further issue of shares to the
                     public.

                    The Directors plan to evolve the company from a single project focus into a more diversified
                     company, principally involving other phosphate assets.

           The recoverability of the carrying amounts of exploration and evaluation assets, as set out in Note 6, is
           dependent on the Group gaining a Marine Consent for the MMP 55549 related project to be commercially
           successful. No adjustments have been made relating to the recoverability and reclassification of recorded net
           asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the exploration permits be
           ultimately surrendered or cancelled. The Directors determined the carrying value of assets to be appropriate
           subject to the above conditions being met.

     (e) Functional and presentation currency:

           These consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars ($) as the Group’s primary listing
           is on the Toronto Stock Exchange’s Venture Exchange. The functional currency of the parent company is
           Canadian Dollars and the functional currency of Chatham Rock Phosphate (NZ) Limited, the subsidiary
           company, is New Zealand dollars (NZD), the currency of the primary economic environment in which it
           operates.

     (f)   Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions:

           The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements,
           estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and
           accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions
           and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or
           liabilities affected in future periods.
12                                                                                                                        kpmg
                                                                                                                            Wellington
                                                                                                                            Marked for
                                                                                                                           Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




2.       Basis of preparation (continued)

         The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting
         date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
         liabilities within the next financial year, are described below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates
         on parameters available when the financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and
         assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances
         arising beyond the control of the Company. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

         In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
         which have the most significant effect on amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

         Share-based payment transactions

         The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions by reference to the fair value of the equity
         instruments at the date at which they are granted.

         Exploration and evaluation costs

         Significant judgement is required in determining whether it is likely that future economic benefits will be
         derived from the capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure. In the judgement of the Directors, at
         March 31, 2019 exploration activities in each area of interest where amounts remain capitalised have not yet
         reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically
         recoverable reserves. Active and significant operations in relation to each of those areas of interest are
         planned and nothing has come to the attention of the Directors to indicate future economic benefits will not be
         achieved.

         In the event where ongoing committed activities cannot be funded by existing financial resources, the Group
         will either need to raise additional capital, or meet its obligations either by farm-out or partial sale of the
         Group’s exploration interests, or subject to negotiation and approval, vary the minimum work requirements.
         The Directors are continually monitoring those areas of interest and are exploring alternatives for funding the
         development of those areas of interest when economically recoverable reserves are confirmed. If new
         information becomes available that suggests the recovery of expenditure is unlikely, the amounts capitalised
         will need to be reassessed at that time.


     (g) New standards and interpretations not yet adopted

         At the date of authorisation of these consolidated financial statements, certain new standards and
         interpretations to existing standards have been published but are not yet effective, and have not been
         adopted early by the Group.

         Management anticipates that all pronouncements will be adopted in the first accounting period beginning on
         or after the effective date of the new standard. It is not expected that they will have a material impact on the
         Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                kpmg
13                                                                                                                 Wellington
                                                                                                                   Marked for
                                                                                                                  Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




3.   Significant accounting policies



     The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently for all periods presented in these
     consolidated financial statements.

     (a) Basis of consolidation:
         Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition date, which is the
         date on which control is transferred to the Group. Control is the power to govern the financial and operating
         policies of an entity so as to obtain benefits from its activities. In assessing control, the Group takes into
         consideration potential voting rights that currently are exercisable.


         Transactions costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the Group
         incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred. Any contingent consideration
         payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity,
         then it is not re-measured and settlement is accounted for within equity.


         Otherwise, subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or
         loss. The Group recognises the fair value of all identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the
         acquired business.

         Subsidiaries

         Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
         consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

         Transactions eliminated on consolidation

         Intra-group balances are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

         These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Group and its subsidiaries. All inter-
         Group transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation.

         Significant subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                    Country of              Effective
         Name                                                                    incorporation               interest

         Chatham Rock Phosphate (NZ) Limited                                       New Zealand              100
         Manmar Investments One Hundred and                                        Namibia                  100
         Six (Proprietary) Limited
         Glass Earth (New Zealand) Limited                                         New Zealand              100
         Pacific Rare Earths Limited                                               New Zealand              100


         All of the subsidiaries have a March, 31 balance date.




                                                                                                                     kpmg
                                                                                                                         Wellington
14                                                                                                                       Marked for
                                                                                                                        Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




3. Significant accounting policies (continued)


     (b) Currency translation:

         Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are recorded at the rate of exchange prevailing
         on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate in place on
         the reporting date. Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are
         translated at the exchange rate on the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
         denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency
         at the exchange rate at the date the fair value was determined. Foreign currency translation differences are
         recognised in profit or loss.

         For consolidation purposes, Chatham Rock Phosphate (NZ) Limited is translated into the Group’s
         presentation currency of Canadian dollars. Assets and liabilities are translated using the exchange rate
         prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average
         exchange rate for the relevant period. Translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income
         (loss) and are accumulated within equity in the currency translation reserve.


     (c) Share capital:

         Common shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares
         and share options are recognised as a deduction from equity.


     (d) Share-based payments:

         The Company has a share option plan, under which the fair value of all share-based awards as estimated
         using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model at the grant date and amortized over the vesting periods. An
         individual is classified as an employee when the individual is an employee for legal or tax purposes (direct
         employee) or provides services similar to those performed by a direct employee, including directors of the
         Company. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards expected to
         vest. The offset is credited to share-based payments reserve.

         Upon exercise of the share purchase options, consideration paid together with the amount previously
         recognized in share-based payment reserve is recorded as an increase to share capital. Charges for share
         purchase options that are forfeited before vesting are reversed from the share-based payments reserves. For
         those share purchase options that expire or are forfeited after vesting, the amount previously recorded in
         share-based payments reserve is transferred to accumulated deficit.


     (e) Impairment:

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date to determine whether
         there is any objective evidence of impairment.

         An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount.
         Impairment losses directly reduce the carrying amount of assets and are recognised in the Statement of
         Comprehensive Income.


15
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




3. Significant accounting policies (continued)


     (f) Mineral property interest:

         Exploration and evaluation costs, including the costs of applying and acquiring licences, are capitalised as
         intangible assets on an area of interest basis. Costs incurred before the Group has obtained the legal rights to
         explore an area are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

         Exploration and evaluation assets are classified as finite lived tangible assets and are measured at cost less
         any accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation will commence once the Group has
         commenced mining operations and will be recognised on a unit of production basis.

         Exploration and evaluation assets are recognised and carried forward if the rights of the area of interest are
         current and either:

              (i)    The expenditures are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation of
                     the area of interest; or

              (ii)   Activities in the area of interest have not at the reporting date, reached a stage which permits a
                     reasonable assessment of the existence or other wise of economically recoverable reserves and
                     active and significant operations in, or in relation to, the area of interest are continuing.


         Ultimate recoupment of costs is dependent on successful development and commercial exploration or
         alternatively sale of respective areas. Costs are written off as soon as an area has been abandoned or
         considered to be non-commercial.

         Exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment if:

              (i)    Sufficient data exists to determine technical feasibility and commercial viability, and

              (ii)   Facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount (see
                     impairment accounting policy (e)). For the purposes of impairment testing, exploration and
                     evaluation assets are allocated to cash-generating units to which the exploration activity relates.
                     The cash generating unit shall not be larger than the area of interest.

         Once the technical feasibility and commercial viability of the extraction of mineral resources in an area of
         interest are demonstrable, exploration and evaluation assets attributable to that area of interest are first tested
         for impairment and then reclassified from intangible assets to mining property and development assets within
         property, plant and equipment.


     (g) Finance income and expenses:

         Finance income comprises interest income on bank deposits and foreign currency gains that are recognised
         in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Interest income is recognised as it accrues, using the effective
         interest method.

         Finance expenses comprise interest expense and foreign currency losses, are recognised in the Statement of
         Comprehensive Income. All borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income using
         the effective interest method.

16
                                                                                                                       kpmg
                                                                                                                         Wellington
                                                                                                                         Marked for
                                                                                                                        Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




3. Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (h) Income tax:

         Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the Statement
         of Comprehensive Income except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which
         case it is recognised in equity.

         Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
         substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

         Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
         liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is
         measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse,
         based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.

         A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
         against which temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date
         and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.


     (i) Financial assets:

         Financial asset are measured at:

         (I) Amortized cost;

         (ii) Fair Value in Other Comprehensive Income (“FVOCI”) – debt investment;

         (iii) FVOCI – equity investment; and

         (iv) Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (“FVTPL”).

         The classification depends on the business model in which the financial asset is managed and its contractual
         cash flow characteristics. Derivatives embedded in contracts where the host is a financial asset in the scope
         of IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, are never separated. Instead, the hybrid financial instrument as a whole is
         assessed for classification


         A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
         designated as at FVTPL:

         - it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

         - its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
         interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                                                                      kpmg
                                                                                                                          Wellington
17
                                                                                                                          Marked for
                                                                                                                         Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




3. Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (i) Financial assets (continued)

        A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as
        at FVTPL:

        - it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
        selling financial assets; and

        - its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
        interest on the principal amount outstanding.

        On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Company may irrevocably elect to
        present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-
        investment basis.

        All financial assets not classified as measured at amortized cost or FVOCI as described above are measured
        at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Company may irrevocably
        designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortized cost or at
        FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would
        otherwise arise.

        A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component that is initially
        measured at the transaction price) is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at FVTPL, transaction
        costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition.

        The following accounting policies apply to the subsequent measurement of financial assets.

        Financial assets at FVTPL                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and
                                                 losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognized in
                                                 profit or loss.

        Financial assets at amortized cost These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
                                                 effective interest method. The amortized cost is reduced by impairment
                                                 losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and
                                                 impairment are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on
                                                 derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.

        Equity investments at FVOCI              These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are
                                                 recognized as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly
                                                 represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                                 gains and losses are recognized in OCI and are never reclassified to
                                                 profit or loss.




                                                                                                              kpmg
                                                                                                                Wellington
18                                                                                                              Marked for
                                                                                                               Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




3. Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (i) Financial assets (continued)

         Impairment of financial assets

         Financial assets measured at amortized cost, contract assets, and debt investments in FVOCI, but not
         investments in equity instruments, are assessed for credit impairment under the expected credit loss (“ECL”)
         model of impairment. This impairment model applies to lease receivables, loan commitments, and financial
         guarantee contracts; the Company has no such items. The financial assets at amortized cost consist of
         accounts receivables, cash and cash equivalents.

         Measurement of ECLs

         ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of
         all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract
         and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of
         the financial asset.

         Credit-impaired financial assets

         At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets carried at amortized cost and debt
         securities at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that
         have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

         Presentation of impairment

         Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortized cost are deducted from the gross carrying
         amount of the assets. Impairment losses related to accounts and other receivables are presented separately
         in the statement of profit or loss and OCI. Impairment losses on other financial assets are presented under
         ‘finance costs’, and not presented separately in the statement of profit or loss and OCI due to materiality
         considerations.

     (j) Financial liabilities:

         Financial liabilities are classified as either financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or financial
         liabilities at amortized cost.

         Financial liabilities

         Financial liabilities at amortized cost are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred and
         subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the amounts originally received, net of
         transaction costs, and the redemption value is recognized in profit or loss over the period to maturity using the
         effective interest method.

         Financial liabilities are classified as current or non-current based on their maturity dates. The Company has
         classified accounts payable and other liabilities as liabilities at amortized cost.

         De-recognition of financial liabilities

         The Company de-recognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Company’s obligations are


                                                                                                                         kpmg
         discharged, cancelled or they expire.
19
                                                                                                                           Wellington
                                                                                                                           Marked for
                                                                                                                          Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (k) Earnings per share:

         The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is
         calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Group by the weighted
         average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.


         Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the
         weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary
         shares, which comprise share warrants and options.


4.   Segment reporting


     The Group conducts its business as a single reportable operating segment, being the development of a defined
     rock phosphate deposit.


     The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
     operating segment, has been identified as the Board. The Board manages development activity through review
     and approval of contracts and other operational information.


     The Group operates in the minerals exploration industry within New Zealand and has commenced due diligence
     activities on phosphate assets overseas.


5.   Other current assets




                                                                                       2019                  2018

     Prepayments                                                              $      81,464         $     164,593
     Salley Bowes Harwardt Trust Account                                                  -                 4,678

                                                                              $      81,464         $     169,271




                                                                                                              kpmg
                                                                                                                Wellington
20
                                                                                                                Marked for
                                                                                                               Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




6.   Mineral property interest

     Exploration and evaluation on Chatham Rise Project


                                                                                        2019                   2018

     Opening balance                                                           $   4,552,204         $    4,244,497
     Exploration costs capitalised                                                   219,612                316,808
     Foreign exchange fluctuation                                                    (91,381)                (9,101)

     Net book value                                                            $    4,680,435        $    4,552,204

     The recoverability of the carrying amounts of exploration and evaluation assets is dependent on the Group gaining
     a Marine Consent for the project to be commercially successful. Commitments and tenure of the permit is included
     in Note 19.


     The Group was granted a Minerals Prospecting Licence (“MPL”) 50270 under the Continental Shelf Act 1964 on
     February 25, 2010 for a period of four years. The licence has been extended a number of times and will expire on
     24 February 2020. A further extension will be sought. The licence covers 2887km2 of the Chatham Rise and is
     located approximately 450 kilometres east of Christchurch.

     On February 11, 2015 the Group was refused Marine Consent from the Environmental Protection Authority (EPA),
     New Zealand’s environmental regulator on grounds which the Group disputes. Subsequently, the Directors
     impaired the carrying value of the capitalised costs to represent their best estimate of the recoverability as the
     Group reconsiders the re-submission of the Marine Consent with the EPA.


     On April 27, 2017 and December 8, 2017 the Group was granted a change of conditions in the permit to further
     defer the minimum work programme commitments. All work commitments have been met to date.


     In September 2012, the Group applied for five prospecting licences offshore Namibia. It remains the intention of
     the Directors to pursue these licences.




                                                                                                               kpmg
21                                                                                                               Wellington
                                                                                                                 Marked for
                                                                                                                Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




7.    Trade other payables



                                                                                         2019                    2018

      Trade and other payables due to related parties                          $         5,444         $       50,286
      Other trade payables                                                              32,827                161,584
      Accrued expenses                                                                  44,221                 51,359

                                                                               $        82,492         $      263,229



8.    Share capital



     (a)   Authorised:

           The Group's share capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares without par value.

           The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are entitled to one vote per share at
           meetings of the Group, to the extent to which they have been paid up. All shares rank equally with regard to
           the Group’s residual assets.


     (b)   Issued and outstanding:

                                                                                     Number
                                                                                    of shares                 Amount

           Balance, April, 1, 2017                                                 13,627,813              32,426,568

           Issued during the year:
             Warrants exercised                                                       379,214                       -
             Shares issued net of costs                                             3,674,066               1,416,931

           Balance, March 31, 2018                                                 17,681,093              33,843,499

           Issued during the year:
             Shares issued net of costs                                             6,622,661               1,225,282

           Balance, March 31, 2019                                                 24,303,754      $       35,068,781




     (c)   On June 13, 2018 the Company closed a non-brokered private placement of 2,345,771 units at a price of
           CAD$0.25 per Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$586,443. Each unit consists of one common share and one-
           half of one non-transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
           common share at a price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is two years from the date of
           issuance.




22                                                                                                               kpmg
                                                                                                                   Wellington
                                                                                                                   Marked for
                                                                                                                  Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




8.    Share capital (continued)


     (d)   On August 24, 2018 the Company closed a Share Purchase Plan of 763,561 units at a price of CAD$0.25 per
           Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$190,890. Each unit consists of one common share and one-half of one non-
           transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share
           at a price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior June 20, 2020.


     (e)   On March 26, 2019 the Company closed a non-brokered private placement of 3,513,329 units at a price of
           CAD$0.1275 per Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$447,949. Each unit consists of one common share and one-
           half of one non-transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
           common share at a price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is five years from the date of
           issuance.

     (f)   Warrants:

           Original Grant Date            Modified Grant Date     Original Expiry Date       Modified Expiry Date

           June 27, 2017                  February 18, 2019       June 27, 2019              June 27, 2022
           January 24, 2018               February 18, 2019       January 24, 2020           January 24, 2023
           June 13, 2018                  February 18, 2019       June 13, 2020              June 13, 2023
           August 25, 2018                February 18, 2019       August 25, 2020            August 25, 2023
           March 26, 2019                 March 26, 2019          March 26, 2019             March 26, 2024



              Expiry Date           Exercise     Balance        Issued        Exercised       Expired/           Balance
                                     prices     March, 31                                    cancelled/       March, 31
                                                  2018                                        forfeited           2019
           June 27, 2022               $0.45       445,706               -               -                -        445,706
           January 24, 2023            $0.45       486,368               -               -                -        486,368
           June 13, 2023               $0.45                -   1,172,885                -                -      1,172,885
           August 25, 2023             $0.45                -     381,780                -                -        381,780
           March 26, 2024              $0.45                -   1,756,663                -                -      1,756,663
                                                   932,074      3,311,328                -                -      4,243,402
           Weighted average
           exercise price                             $0.45         $0.45                -                -           $0.45
           Weighted average
           remaining life (years)                      4.55              -               -                -            4.35


           On June 13, 2018 as part of a non-brokered private placement the Company issued 1,172,885 non-
           transferable share purchase warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a
           price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is two years from the date of issuance.




                                                                                                                   kpmg
23                                                                                                                   Wellington
                                                                                                                     Marked for
                                                                                                                    Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




8.   Share capital (continued)

           On August 24, 2018 as part of a Share Purchase Plan the Company issued 381,780 non-transferable share
           purchase warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a price of CAD$0.45
           per share any time prior to June 20, 2020.


           On March 26, 2019 as part of a Share Purchase Plan the Company issued 1,756,663 non-transferable share
           purchase warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a price of CAD$0.45
           per share any time prior to March 26, 2024.


     (g)   On February 18, the Company announced that all issued 2017 warrants would be reduced in price from CAD
           $1.00 per common share to CAD $0.45 per share and that it was going to extend the expiry date from two
           years to five years from the date of issuance. None of the 2017 warrants have to date be exercised.


           It was also announced that the June 2018 and August 2018 options were both to be extended to five years
           from the date of issuance. None of the June 2018 or August 2018 warrant have to date been exercised.



9.    Share based payments

     (a)   Recognised share-based payment expenses
           The purpose of the share-based payments is to reward key consultants and cornerstone investors in a
           manner that aligns remuneration with the creation of shareholder wealth.


           As the Company’s activities have been predominantly developing an already defined mineral deposit,
           shareholder wealth is dependent, for the foreseeable future, on development success rather than an
           improvement in the Company’s earnings.


           The Company grants share purchase options pursuant to the policies of the TSX-Venture Exchange with
           respect to eligible persons, exercise price, maximum term, vesting, maximum options per person and
           termination of eligible person status.


           2018 share option grants:
           The Company granted 1,690,000 share options under the share option plan of May 8, 2018. The options
           which expire on May 8, 2023 are exercisable at $0.29 per share. 1,580,000 options fully vested on May 8,
           2018 and 110,000 options will vest upon a performance hurdle being achieved. The performance hurdle is
           gaining the Marine Consent.


           The share-based payment expense of $230,787 was estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model
           assuming a risk free rate of 2.16%, a volatility of 65%, an expected dividend rate of nil and an expected life of
           5 years. The shares in the Company traded at CAD$0.27 on the grant date.




                                                                                                                  kpmg
24                                                                                                                   Wellington
                                                                                                                     Marked for
                                                                                                                    Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




9. Share based payments (continued)


     (b)   Equity-settled transactions

           Share-based payments of C$nil (March, 31 2018: C$167,370) settled by the issue of nil (March, 31 2018:
           347,231) ordinary shares in the Company.


10. Earnings per share

      The earnings and weighted average number of outstanding shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted
      earnings per share are as follows:

                                                                                                2019          2018

           Loss used in the calculation of basic
                                                                                           (911,839)    (1,228,005)
           EPS
           Weighted average number of
           outstanding shares for the purpose of                                         20,057,457     15,486,362
           basic EPS
           Effect of dilution, weighted number of
                                                                                                    -               -
           mandatory warrants
           Weighted average number of
           outstanding shares used in the                                                20,057,457     15,486,362
           calculation of diluted EPS
           Basic loss per share (Canadian cents)                                               (4.55)        (7.93)
           Diluted loss per share (Canadian cents)                                             (4.55)        (7.93)



      No dilution effect on diluted EPS as the company was operating at a net loss for the period


11. Finance income and expenses


                                                                                                2019          2018

           Interest income on bank deposits                                                         -        7,650
           Finance income                                                                           -        7,650
           Interest expense                                                                         -       50,435
           Net foreign exchange losses                                                          1,084           34
           Finance expense                                                                      1,084       50,469
           Net finance income and expenses                                                    (1,084)     (42,819)




                                                                                                           kpmg
                                                                                                             Wellington
25
                                                                                                             Marked for
                                                                                                            Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




12. General and administrative expenses


     The following items of expenditure are included in administrative expenses:

                                                                                              2019         2018

          Auditor’s remuneration to KPMG
          comprises:
          Audit of annual financial statements                                              36,467        32,375
          Taxation review                                                                   12,227             -
          Total auditors’ remuneration                                                      48,694        32,375
          Accountancy fees                                                                  18,895        43,254
          Consultancy fees                                                                 132,089       222,158
          Directors fees                                                                         -             -
          Insurance                                                                         13,640        16,545
          Legal fees                                                                       106,768       163,593
          Listing fees                                                                       9,022        16,110
          Management fees                                                                  128,592       190,919
          Registry fees                                                                     20,057        22,801
          Rent                                                                              19,646        20,175
          Travel                                                                            67,888       173,842

     The Board has agreed to forfeit directors fees for the year ended March 31, 2019 (beyond the amount charged).
     Some directors are remunerated for their services through consultancy fees.

     Refer to Note 17 for discussion on consultancy fees, which are charged by related parties.




                                                                                                         kpmg
                                                                                                            Wellington
26                                                                                                          Marked for
                                                                                                           Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




13. Income tax expense in the Statement of Comprehensive Income


     Reconciliation of effective tax rate

                                                                                            2019                  2018

        Profit/(loss) for the year                                               $   (911,839)      $       (1,228,005)
        Income tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate
                                                                                     (246,197)               (331,562)
        27%
        Tax effect of:
        Non-deductible expenditure                                                       125,823                77,908
        Current year losses for which no deferred tax is
                                                                                         164,901               327,854
        recognised
        Change in unrecognized temporary differences                                     (35,410)             (61,921)
        Foreign tax rate differentials                                                    (9,117)             (12,279)
        Income tax expense                                                                      -                    -
        Comprising:
        Current tax expense                                                                     -                     -
        Deferred tax expense
        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                (34,145)             (59,709)
        Change in unrecognized temporary differences                                       34,145               59,709
        Total income tax expense in income statement                                            -                    -

        The current tax assets consists of:
        Resident withholding tax paid                                                           -                2,126
        Current tax assets                                                           $          -   $            2,126


14. Deferred tax assets and liabilities


     Unrecognised deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following:

                                                                                            2019                 2018

         Deductible temporary differences                                        $            -         $            -
         Tax losses                                                                  (9,736,976)            (9,572,075)
                                                                                 $   (9,736,976)        $   (9,572,075)

     Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

                                                                                            2019                 2018

         Property, plant and equipment                                           $            -         $               -
         Intangible assets                                                            1,229,095               1,084,877
         Trade and other payables                                                        11,126                   6,616
         Tax losses                                                                  (1,240,221)             (1,091,493)
                                                                                 $            -         $             -


27                                                                                                                 kpmg
                                                                                                                      Wellington
                                                                                                                      Marked for
                                                                                                                     Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




15. Financial instruments



     Exposure to credit, market, foreign currency, equity prices and liquidity risks arise in the normal course of the
     Group’s business.

     Financial instruments are comprised of accounts receivable and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents,
     other financial assets, trade creditors and other payables, and other financial liabilities.

     Recognition and de-recognition of financial assets and liabilities

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the financial instrument. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value
     plus transaction costs

     Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or
     if the Group transfers the financial asset to another party without retaining control or substantial all risks and
     rewards of the asset.

     A financial liability is derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

     Subsequent measurement of financial assets

     All financial assets held by the Group in the years reported have been designated into one classification, "loans
     and receivables", being non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in
     an active market. After initial recognition these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method,
     less provision for impairment. Discounting is omitted where the effect of discounting is immaterial.

     All financial assets are subject to review for impairment at least once each reporting date. Accounts receivable are
     reviewed for impairment when accounts are past due or when other objective evidence is received that a specific
     counterparty will default.

     Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
     Trade payables and other borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
     method.

     Sensitivity analysis

     In managing currency risks the Group aims to reduce the impact of short-term fluctuations on the Group’s
     earnings. Over the longer-term, however, permanent changes in foreign exchange will have an impact on profit.

     It is estimated that a general increase of one percentage point in the value of the New Zealand dollar against other
     foreign currencies would have decreased the Group’s profit before income tax by an immaterial amount for the
     period ended March 31, 2019 (2018: an immaterial amount). As a purchaser of foreign currency, the Group’s risk
     is that the NZD depreciates.

     Credit risk:

     The Group incurs credit risk from financial instruments when a counter party fails to meet its contractual
     obligations. Credit risk arises on cash and other receivables. The Group does not have a significant concentration
     of credit risk with any single party.


28                                                                                                                   kpmg
                                                                                                                        Wellington
                                                                                                                        Marked for
                                                                                                                       Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




15.       Financial instruments (continued)



      Market risk:

      Market risk is that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the
      Group’s income or the value of it’s holding of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to
      manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

          (i)   Foreign currency risk:

                The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on purchases that are denominated in a currency other
                than the Group’s functional currency, New Zealand dollars (NZD). It is the Group’s policy not to hedge
                foreign currency risks.

                At March 31, 2019, the Group is exposed to currency risk through the following assets and liabilities
                denominated in Canadian dollars:



                                                                                         2019                          2018

                Cash and cash equivalents                                                9,986                        51,574
                Other current assets                                                    51,114                         4,678
                Accounts payable                                                       (17,199)                      (17,519)
                                                                                        43,901                        38,733


          (ii) Interest rate risk:

                Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
                because of changes in market interest rates.

                The Group’s cash and cash equivalents attract interest at floating rates and have maturities of 90 days or
                less. The interest is typical of New Zealand banking rates, which are at present historically low; however,
                the Group’s conservative investment strategy mitigates the risk of deterioration to capital invested. A
                change of 100 basis points in the interest rate would not be material to the consolidated financial
                statements.

                Liquidity risk:

                Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.
                The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have
                sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without
                incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.

                Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, which has built an
                appropriate liquidity risk framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and longer term
                funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining
                adequate cash balances through monitoring of future rolling cash flow forecasts of its operations and
                equity raising, which reflect management’s expectations of the settlement of financial assets and

                                                                                                                    kpmg
                liabilities.
29
                                                                                                                      Wellington
                                                                                                                      Marked for
                                                                                                                     Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




15. Financial instruments (continued)



     The only financial liabilities are trade and other payables. At March 31, 2019, the Group had $82,492 (2018:
     $263,299) in trade and other payables including accrued liabilities. Trade payables are non-interest bearing and
     have a contractual maturity of less than 30 days.


     (a) Financial assets and liabilities:

         As at March 31, 2019, the carrying and fair values of our financial instruments by category are as follows:

                                                                     Fair value
                                                                      through           Total
                                                     Amortised       profit and        carrying       Less than 1       1 to 3
                                                       cost             loss           amount            year           years
                                                        $                 $               $                $              $

         Financial assets

         Cash and cash
         equivalent                                    243,615                  -       243,615         243,615                  -
         Trade and other
         receivables                                           -         51,205          51,205          51,205                  -

         Other current assets                                  -                -                 -             -                -

         NZX Bond                                        13,668                 -        13,668          13,668                  -

         Total financial assets                        257,283           51,205         308,488         308,488                  -

         Financial liabilities

         Trade and other
         payables                                              -         82,492          82,492          82,492                  -

         Total financial
         liabilities                                           -         82,492          82,492          82,492                  -


     (b) Fair value:

         All financial instruments measured at fair value are categorized into one of three hierarchy levels, described
         below, for disclosure purposes. Each level is based on the transparency of the inputs used to measure the
         fair values of assets and liabilities:

             Level 1 - Values based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
              measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.

             Level 2 - Values based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or model inputs that are
              observable either directly or indirectly for substantially the full contractual term of the asset or liability.

             Level 3 - Values based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable
              and significant to the overall fair value measurement.
30                                                                                                                      kpmg
                                                                                                                          Wellington
                                                                                                                          Marked for
                                                                                                                         Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




15. Financial instruments (continued)



         The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued
         liabilities approximate their respective fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The
         carrying value of the bank term loan approximates its fair value due to the existence of floating market-based
         interest rates.

         The Group has no financial assets or liabilities included in Level 1, 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

16. Capital management



     The Group defines the capital that it manages as its shareholder equity.

     The Group’s objectives with respect to managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
     going concern so that it can provide future returns to shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders.

     The Group’s capital structure reflects a Group focused on mineral exploration and financing both internal and
     external growth opportunities. The exploration for and development of mineral deposits involves significant risk
     which even a combination of careful evaluation, experience and knowledge may not adequately mitigate.

     In order to maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may issue new shares or sell assets to fund ongoing
     operations.

     The Group manages its capital structure by performing the following:

             Preparing budgets and cash-flow forecasts which are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors;

             Regular internal reporting and Board of Directors meetings to review actual versus budgeted spending
              and cash-flows; and

             Detailed project analysis to assess and determine new funding requirements.

     There were no changes in the Group’s approach to capital management during the period. The Group is not
     subject to externally imposed capital requirements.


17. Related party transactions


     (a) Balances receivable and payable:

         The amounts due to related parties and included in accounts payable, are non-interest bearing, unsecured
         and due on demand, and comprise the following:

                                                                                             2019                     2018

         Due to directors                                                         $         5,444          $         40,140
         Due to executive officers                                                              -                    10,146
                                                                                  $         5,444          $         50,286


                                                                                                                      kpmg
31                                                                                                                      Wellington
                                                                                                                        Marked for
                                                                                                                       Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




17. Related party transactions (continued)


     (b) Key management personnel:

        Key management personnel includes the consulting and management fees paid and/or accrued to the
        Group’s senior officers and directors as follows:

                                                                                      2019                 2018

        Consultancy fees                                                       $     9,611         $     155,457
        Management fees                                                            128,592               190,919
                                                                               $   138,203         $     346,376


        Depending on the nature of services and costs, certain amounts have been capitalized to intangible assets as
        they are directly attributable to the Chatham Rise project.


        Transactions and balances with key management personnel and their related parties


        During the year, the Company paid management fees of $nil (2018: $3,851) to Chris Castle. The outstanding
        balance at balance date was $nil (2018: $nil).


        During the year, the Company received a forgiveness of debt of $28,665 for consultancy fees provided by
        Robert Goodden Consulting Ltd, a company in which Mr R Goodden is also a Director. In the prior year the
        Company paid $38,695 for consultancy fees to Robert Goodden Consulting Ltd. The outstanding balance at
        balance date was $nil (2018: $29,879).


        During the year, the Company paid consultancy fees for stakeholder management of $16,208 (2018: $35,901)
        to Ms L Sanders. The outstanding balance at balance date was $5,444 (2018: $7,609).


        During the year, the Company paid consultancy fees of $15,538 (2018: $61,439) to CRP-OCS Consulting Ltd,
        a company in which Mr R Wood is also a Director. The outstanding balance at balance date was $nil (2018:
        $10,146) of which $nil (2018:$10,146) is included in trade payables.


        During the year, the Company paid consultancy fees of $6,530 (2018: $17,496) to Nevay Holdings Ltd, a
        company in which Mr C Castle & Ms J Hatchwell are also Directors. The outstanding balance at balance date
        was $nil (2018: $698).




32
                                                                                                           kpmg
                                                                                                             Wellington
                                                                                                             Marked for
                                                                                                            Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




17. Related party transactions (continued)

         Ms L Sanders, Mr C Castle and Ms J Hatchwell, Directors of Chatham Rock Phosphate Ltd are commonly
         Directors in Aorere Resources Limited, which in its own name and through its subsidiary; Mineral Investments
         Ltd has a combined 2.3% (2018: 3.6%) shareholding in Chatham Rock Phosphate Ltd.

         During the year, the Company paid management fees of $128,592 (2018: $187,068) to Aorere Resources
         Limited. The outstanding balance at balance date was $nil (2018: $nil).

18. Reconciliation of the profit/(loss) for the year with the net cash from operating activities



                                                                                             2019              2018

     Profit/(loss) for the period                                                      $ (911,839)    $ (1,228,005)
     Adjustments for:
          Depreciation                                                                           -               176
          Share-based payments                                                            230,787                  -
          Expenses (non-cash)                                                             (27,165)                 -
          Foreign exchange fluctuation                                                    (44,508)                 -

     Change in trade and other receivables                                                     907           21,387
     Change in other current assets                                                         82,843         (77,465)
     Change in current tax assets                                                            3,725                -
     Change in trade and other payables                                                  (146,337)        (822,319)
     Change in exploration expenditure                                                   (219,612)        (312,110)
     Net cash from operating activities                                              $ (1,031,199)    $ (2,418,336)




                                                                                                           kpmg
                                                                                                             Wellington
33
                                                                                                             Marked for
                                                                                                            Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




19. Commitments and contingencies



     Licence work commitments

     The Group has the following indicative expenditure commitments at balance date (being minimum work
     requirements under its minerals mining permit and minerals prospecting licence). The Company is dependent on
     certain factors to be able to meet these minimum work requirements. They are set out in Note 2(d).

                                                                                            2019                  2018
                                                                                            NZD                   NZD


      Within one year                                                            $             -        $            -
      After one year but not more than five years                                $     6,000,000        $    6,000,000
                                                                                 $     6,000,000        $    6,000,000



     Minerals Mining Permit 55549

     The Minerals Mining Permit was granted on December 6, 2013. On December 7, 2017 the Company was granted
     a change of conditions in the permit to defer the minimum work programme commitments. To date all minimum
     work commitments have been completed. The minimum work programme includes:

     Within 60 months of the commencement date of the permit, the permit holder shall:

            Complete an updated resource optimisation study for the permit area; and

            Prepare a technical report detailing all work completed during this stage of the work programme to be
             submitted to the chief executive in accordance with the regulations.

     Within 72 months of the commencement date of the permit, the permit holder shall:

            Complete and submit a sufficiently detailed engineering study and feasibility study, which (without
             limitation) is at the level of detail to reach a decision-to-mine milestone; and

            Submit a detailed timeline for the construction/refit of a selected vessel including (without limitation) the
             detail timing of the commissioning and mobilisation to the Chatham Rise; and

            Complete and submit a marine operations risk review report that includes (without limitation) a HAZID
             Risk Assessment Matrix, risk review of on-board processing and risk review of planned and unplanned
             maintenance in various weather scenarios; and

            Either commit by notice in writing to the Chief Executive to carry out the work programme obligations set
             out for the following 24 months and to commence production within 60 months of the commencement
             date of the permit or surrender the permit.




                                                                                                              kpmg
                                                                                                                Wellington
34
                                                                                                                Marked for
                                                                                                               Identification
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018




19. Commitments and contingencies (continued)

     Within 96 months of the commencement date of the permit, the permit holder must spend on average $2 million
     per annum completing appropriate sampling, geophysical and geotechnical surveys and data analysis (without
     limitation) in respect of the mining blocks identified for the first five years of production. For the remainder of the
     term the Company must spend $2 million per annum on carrying out further specified work programme
     commitments.


20. Subsequent events


     Subsequent to year end, the Company advised that they had executed an Information Sharing and Collaboration
     agreement with Ngāti Mutunga O Wharekauri AHC (Ngāti Mutunga). Ngāti Mutunga is a wholly owned subsidiary
     of Ngāti Mutunga O Wharekauri Iwi Trust, based on the Chatham Islands and has a significant interest in
     protecting the Chatham Islands marine environment and securing the economic, social and cultural well-being of
     the Chathams community.

     Following discussions between the Parties they now wish to formally collaborate on the Project with a view to:
     • Developing a CRP Marine Consent application that meets the environmental, economic, social and cultural
     objectives of both Parties individually and together;

     • In the event that the content of such an application is mutually agreed, to formally support the lodging of the CRP
     Marine Consent application for approval;

     • In the event that the CRP Marine Consent application is successful, ensuring that all operations implemented
     under that consent are carried out in in a manner that best mitigates environmental effects and respects
     indigenous rights, beliefs and customs to protect the interests of the Chatham Islands community; and
     • Ensuring that the Chatham Islands community realises tangible benefits from the Project.


     On April 24, 2019 the Company announced that it had closed the second and final tranche of its previously
     announced non-brokered Private Placement. A total of 1,352,055 Units have been sold at a price of CAD$0.1275
     per Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$172,000. Each unit consists of one common share and one-half of one non-
     transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a
     price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is five years from the date of issuance.



     There were no other material subsequent events up to the date of the Audit report.




35
                                                                                                                 kpmg
                                                                                                                    Wellington
                                                                                                                    Marked for
                                                                                                                   Identification
