Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)




CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED

For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021
CONTENTS



Canadian declaration — Management’s Responsibility for Financial Reporting
New Zealand declaration — Directors’ declaration
Independent Auditors’ Report                                                   -

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)/Income               OmMNWN


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                               12-42
                                        CANADIAN DECLARATION


                 MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING




The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited and all the
information in this annual report have been prepared by and are the responsibility of management.


The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with
International   Financial   Reporting   Standards (“IFRS”) as issued    by the   International Accounting
Standards Board and reflect management’s best estimate and judgement based on currently available
information. Management has prepared the financial information presented elsewhere in the annual
report and has ensured that it is consistent with that in the financial statements.


Management is also responsible for a system of internal control which is designed to provide
reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, liabilities are recognized and that the accounting
systems provide timely and accurate financial reports.


The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibilities in respect
of financial reporting and internal control. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets
periodically with management and the Company’s independent auditors to discuss auditing matters
and financial reporting issues. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews the annual consolidated
financial statements before they are presented to the Board of Directors for approval.


The Company’s independent auditors, Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited, are appointed by
the shareholders to conduct an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in
Canada, and their report follows.



Chris Castle
Chief Executive Officer



Robyn Hamilton
Chief Financial Officer


July 29, 2022
                                     NEW ZEALAND DECLARATION


                                      DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION




In the opinion of the directors of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited, the consolidated financial statements
and notes, on pages 8 to 42:


e    materially comply with both International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and generally
     accepted accounting practice in New Zealand and give a true and fair view of the financial position of
     the company and the group as at March 31, 2022 and the results of their operations and cash flows
     for the year ended on that date, and


e    Have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, which have been consistently applied and
     supported by reasonable judgements and estimates.


The directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept which enable, with reasonable
accuracy, the determination of the financial position of the company and the group and facilitate compliance
of the financial statements with the Financial Reporting Act 2013 and Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.


The directors consider that they have taken adequate steps to safeguard the assets of the company and
group, and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.      Internal control procedures are also
considered to be sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance as to the integrity and reliability of the
financial statements.


The directors present the financial statements for Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited for the year ended
March 31, 2022.



For and on behalf of the Board of Directors




s/ “Chris Castle”                             s/ “Jill Hatchwell”


C Castle                                       J Hatchwell
Director                                       Director
Date: July 29, 2022                            Date: July 29, 2022
© Grant Thornton



                                                                                                 L15, Grant Thornton House
                                                                                                 Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited

| ndependent Aud itor’s Re port                                                                  215 Lambton Quay
                                                                                                 PO Box 10712
                                                                                                 Wellington 6143

                                                                                                 T +64 4 474 8500
                                                                                                 www.grantthornton.co.nz




To the Shareholders of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, and the
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, consolidated statements of changes in equity and
consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited as at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 and its consolidated financial
performance and consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of
our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
consolidated financial statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
Opinion.


Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.


     Why the audit matter is significant                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


     Mineral Property Interest capitalisation and                To determine whether the costs capitalised as mineral
     impairment assessment                                       property interest are in accordance with IFRS 6
     (Refer to Notes 3(f) and 5 of the consolidated financial    Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources,
     statements)                                                 we performed the following:


     Mineral Property Interest intangible assets had a           ¢    We confirmed that the Group holds valid permits
     carrying value of $6,645,560 as at March 31, 2022,               for both projects enabling it to conduct exploration

     which includes the acquisition of a new mineral property         and evaluation activities. We also ensured that for

     asset associated with the Avenir Makatea project                 Chatham Rise, the minimum work programmed
     ($1,936,395).                                                    under the permit has been complied with.
                                                                 e    We reviewed and assessed the accounting policy
                                                                      of the Group in relation to capitalisation of mineral
     The recoverability of the carrying amounts of exploration
                                                                      assets and confirmed it is in line with the
     and evaluation assets are dependent on the Group
                                                                      requirements of IFRS 6.
     gaining various mining consents and permits.

Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd.
© Grant Thornton


 Why the audit matter is significant                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter


                                                                      e   Fora   selection of transactions capitalised during
 In respect to the Chatham Rise project, in 2015, the                     the year, we inspected the underlying invoice and

 Group was refused Marine Consent and as a result, the                    confirmed that they met the capitalisation
 Directors impaired the carrying value of the previously                  requirements of IFRS 6.
 capitalised costs.
                                                                     We completed the following procedures to assess the
                                                                     recoverability of the mineral property asset:
 In addition, Avenir Makatea has an outstanding mining
 concession application to mine/rehabilitate the subject              e   We reviewed management's assessment of facts
 area.                                                                    or circumstances which may indicate whether or
                                                                          not an impairment assessment is required.
 Management assesses on an annual basis whether
                                                                      e   Assessed internally and externally available
 facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying
                                                                          information surrounding the mineral property
 amount of an exploration and evaluation asset may
                                                                          asset to ensure consistency of facts and
 exceed its recoverable amount and no additional
                                                                          circumstances with management's position.
 impairment was recognised as a result of these
 assessments.                                                         e   Engaged our Corporate Finance team as
                                                                          valuation specialists to review management's
 IFRS 6 Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral                         assessment and consider its appropriateness.
 Resources outlines the criteria for capitalisation of costs
 associated with mineral resources and whether it is
 likely that future economic benefits will be derived.
 Accordingly, management determines whether costs
 incurred are capitalizable or expensed.


 Both the capitalisation of costs and assessment of
 impairment require significant               management judgement
 and is a key audit matter.


 Preparation of the consolidated financial statements                We performed the following to determine whether the
 on a going concern basis                                            preparation of the consolidated financial statements on
                                                                     a going concern basis is appropriate and whether a
 The Group currently does not have an ongoing revenue                material uncertainty exists:
 source and is dependent on its ability to raise additional
                                                                      e   We reviewed management's assessment of its
 cash through the issuance of further share capital to
                                                                          ability to continue as a going concern by obtaining
 continue operations. The Group is only expected to
                                                                          its cash flow forecast and testing the
 generate revenue once mining permits and/or
                                                                          appropriateness of the estimates and the Group’s
 concessions are granted. This is not considered to be
                                                                          ability to continue operations for at least 12
 imminent.
                                                                          months from issuance of the financial statements
                                                                          i.e. July 2023;
 The assessment of whether the Group can continue as
 a going concern requires an understanding of                         e   We assessed the plausibility of the key
 management's overall plans and forecasts, which                          assumptions taken by management in its
 involve significant judgements and assumptions. Given                    preparation of the cash flow forecasts;
 the absence of a current revenue stream and the level
                                                                      e   We discussed management's assumptions with
 of judgement required in respect to cash flow forecasts,
                                                                          Directors to ensure they were reasonable and
 we considered this to be a key audit matter.
                                                                          appropriate and allowed for sufficient variability of
                                                                          outcomes depending on how future cash flow
                                                                          needs evolved;




Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd.
© Grant Thornton


   Why the audit matter is significant                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter


                                                                         e   We assessed the disclosures in the consolidated
                                                                             financial statements relating to going concern to
                                                                             ensure that they were sufficient and appropriate.




Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management Discussion and
Analysis but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise professional judgment
and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit.

We also:

      e       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
              or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
              and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
             fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
              misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      e       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
              appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
              internal control.

      e       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
              related disclosures made by management.


  Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
  Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd.
              Grant Thornton




      e       Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
              audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
              doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
              required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
              if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
              up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
              as a going concern.

      e       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
              disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
              manner that achieves fair presentation.

      e       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
             within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
              supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditor's report is Brayden Smith.

Grant Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited




Wellington, New Zealand

29 July 2022




  Chartered Accountants and Business Advisers
  Member of Grant Thornton International Ltd.
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
                                                                               As at March 31,      As at March 31,
                                                                   Notes                    2022                2021



  Assets

  Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,367,472     $        378,868
    Accounts receivable and other receivables                                              19,788              3,182
     Prepayments                                                                           53,359            135,038
                                                                                      1,440,619              517,088


  Non-current assets:
    Other financial assets                                                                 18,472             13,225
     Property, plant & equipment                                                           21,495                   -
     Mineral property interest                                        5               6,645,551            4,691,425
                                                                                      6,685,518            4,704,650




  Total assets                                                                        8,126,137     $      5,221,738



  Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

  Current liabilities:
    Trade and other payables                                          6         $       167,459      $        85,411
     Monies received for subscriptions for shares                    20                 882,069                     -
                                                                                      1,049,528               85,411


  Total liabilities                                                                   1,049,528               85,411


  Shareholders’ equity:
    Share capital                                                     7              39,207,687           36,287,979
    Warrants reserve                                                                    230,186              230,186
     Foreign currency translation reserve                                             (262,584)            (159,150)
     Employee share option reserve                                                      371,789              214,381
    Accumulated deficit                                                             (32,470,470)         (31,437,069)
  Total shareholders’ equity                                                          7,076,609            5,136,327




  Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                    $     8,126,137      $     5,221,738


Commitments and contingencies (note 19)


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)/ Income
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021


                                                                     Notes                       2022             2021


  Revenue                                                                            $          5,328     $      5,202


  Finance income                                                                                  484                  -
  Finance expense                                                                                     -         (3,438)

  Net finance income/(expense)                                           10                       484           (3,438)


  Expenses


  General and administrative expenses                                    11                 (878,640)         (574,701)
  Depreciation and amortisation                                          12                    (3,165)                 -

  Share-based payments                                                    8                 (157,408)                  -
  Expenses                                                                                 (1,039,213)        (574,701)


  Loss before income tax (continuing operations)                                           (1,033,401)        (572,937)

                                                                         14
  Income tax expense                                                                                  -                -


  Net loss for the period from continuing                                                  (1,033,401)        (572,937)
  operations


  Other Comprehensive Income
  Foreign currency translation**                                                            (103,434)          196,811


  Total comprehensive (loss)/profit for the period                                   $ (1,136,835)        $   (376,126)



  Basic shareholders’ loss per share                                      9          $        (0.0163)    $    (0.0166)

  Diluted shareholders’ loss per share                                               $        (0.0163)    $    (0.0166)


  Weighted average number of common shares                                               63,326,686       34,590,008
  outstanding


**/tems which can subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
104             ay}     Jeah    pepus                   youey|   ‘LE   7707   pue   LZ0%




  SSO7                JO} au}   Jeak                                                       -   -             -   -   -                -   (2€6'Z2S)        (Z€6'ZS)




  peseg-aueus                       sjuewAed                                                                 -   -   -   ZSl   sor‘                   -           80r'ZS/
   |SUONOeSUBL                      YJIM       SJOUMO                                              8026162       -   -   ZSl   sor‘                   -   L69'7             LEE‘




OL
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Consolidated Statements of Cash flows
(Expressed in Canadian dollars)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021


                                                                    Notes                  2022            2021



     Cash flows from operating activities:
     Interest received                                                                         -   $           -
     Cash received from customers                                                      5,328              5,202
     Cash paid to suppliers                                                        (808,198)           (771,025)
     Interest paid                                                                             -         (1,724)
     Tax refund received                                                                       -               -

     Net cash (used in) operating activities                           18          (802,870)           (767,547)

     Cash flows from investing activities:
     Cash acquired on acquisition Avenir Makatea                        5                  5,012                  -

     Payments in respect of acquisition costs                                        (78,584)                     -
     Payments in respect of exploration and evaluation                               (71,751)           (72,826)
     Purchase of property, plant & equipment                                         (13,757)                     -
     Payments for other financial assets                                              (5,416)                     -
     Net cash (used in) investing activities                                        (164,496)           (72,826)



     Cash flows from financing activities:
     Proceeds from issue of share capital, net of issue
     costs                                                                         2,008,965           1,173,074
     Net cash from financing activities                                            2,008,965           1,173,074



     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          1,041,599            332,701
     Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                  378,868             12,352
     Effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on cash
     held                                                                            (52,995)            33,815


     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                      1,367,472       $    378,868



The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




11
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




      Nature of business and going concern



      Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited (the “Group” or “CRP”) is a development-stage Group incorporated under the

      Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange’s Venture Exchange

      (“TSX-V”). The Group is also registered on the overseas company register under the New Zealand Companies

     Act 1993 and listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (“NZX”). The Group is an FMC reporting entity under

      part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New Zealand).


     The Group comprises the parent Group and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The financial statements are presented

     for the consolidated group.

     The acquisition of Avenir Makatea was the first step in the Group’s strategy to build an international phosphate

      mining and trading house with a focus on low cadmium, organic phosphate.


     The Group’s registered offices are:


            e   3200-650 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, B.C., Canada V6B 4P7

            e   Level 1, 93 The Terrace, Wellington 6011, New Zealand


     Accordingly, the Group has reporting obligations in both the Canadian and New Zealand jurisdictions.




2.   Basis of preparation



      (a)   Statement of compliance:


            These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the principles of the

            International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards

            Board (“IASB”).


      (b)   Approval of the financial statements:


            The consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022 were reviewed by the Audit

            Committee and approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 29, 2022.


      (c)   Basis of measurement:


            These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, utilising the accrual

            method of accounting unless otherwise described in the following notes.


      (d)   Functional and presentation currency:


            These consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars ($) as the Group’s primary listing
            is on the Toronto Stock Exchange’s Venture Exchange. The functional currency of the parent company is

            Canadian Dollars and the functional currency of Chatham Rock Phosphate (NZ) Limited, a subsidiary

            company, is New Zealand dollars (NZD). The functional currency of Avenir Makatea Pty Ltd, a subsidiary

            company, is Australian dollars (AUD) and SAS Avenir Makatea, is French Polynesian francs (XPF).


            These currencies represent the currency of the primary economic environment of the parent and the

            subsidiary, respectively.



12
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)



           Currency translation:


           Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are recorded at the rate of exchange prevailing

           on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate in place on

           the reporting date. Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are

           translated at the exchange rate on the date of the transaction.                Non-monetary assets and liabilities

           denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency

           at the exchange rate at the date the fair value was determined.         Foreign currency translation differences are

           recognised in profit or loss.

           For consolidation     purposes,   Chatham       Rock     Phosphate   (NZ)   Limited   is   translated   into   the   Group’s

           presentation currency of Canadian dollars. Avenir Makatea Pty Ltd and SAS Avenir Makatea are translated

           into the Group’s presentation currency of Canadian dollars.


           Assets and liabilities are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the end of the reporting period.

           Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rate for the relevant period. Translation

           differences are recognised in other comprehensive income (loss) and are accumulated within equity in the

           currency translation reserve.


     (e)   Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions:


           The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements,

           estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities,

           and    accompanying     disclosures,   and the     disclosure of contingent     liabilities.   Uncertainty about these

           assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount

           of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.

           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting

           date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and

           liabilities within the next financial year, are described below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates

           on    parameters available      when   the   financial   statements were    prepared.      Existing   circumstances     and

           assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances

           arising beyond the control of the Company. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.


           In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,

           which have the most significant effect on amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


           Share-based payment transactions


           The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions by reference to the fair value of the equity

           instruments at the date at which they are granted. The Company includes an estimate of forfeitures, share

           price volatility, expected life of awards, and risk-free interest rates in the calculation of the expense related to

           certain long-term employee incentive plans. These estimates are based on previous experience and may

           change throughout the life of an incentive plan. Such changes could impact the share-based payments

           reserve.




13
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)




         Exploration and evaluation costs


         Significant judgement is required in determining whether it is likely that future economic benefits will be derived

         from the capitalised exploration and evaluation expenditure relating to the Chatham Rise project and Avenir

         Makatea’s Exploration research permit. In the judgement of the Directors, at March 31, 2022 exploration

         activities in each area of interest where amounts remain capitalised have not yet reached a stage which

         permits a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves. Active

         and significant operations in relation to each of those areas of interest are planned and nothing has come to

         the attention of the Directors to indicate future economic benefits will not be achieved.

         The Group cannot commence mining operations without the Marine Consent. The Group filed for the Marine

         Consent on May 14, 2014 but was declined on February 11, 2015.           While the Group considers that it has a

         good case to receive the Marine Consent on re- application, there is no guarantee that the Marine Consent

         will be granted. If the Marine Consent is not granted or is granted subject to economically unfeasible

         conditions, the Group will not be able to proceed with mining operations in respect of the Mining Permit. The

         outcome of the re-submission is uncertain.


         In respect to the Makatea Phosphate Project on Makatea Island in French Polynesia, the Group requires the

         grant of a Mining Concession. In September 2016 Avenir Makatea applied for a mining concession to

         mine/rehabilitate previously mined land. The application is being processed under the terms of a new Mining

         Code for French Polynesia that was promulgated in January 2020. The Project is subject to a Public Enquiry

         process that leads to recommendations to the Council of Ministers for the grant of the Mining Concession.

         The outcome of the application is also uncertain.

         In the event that the mining permit for Chatham Rise and the mining concession for Avenir Makatea is not

         granted, the Group will be unable to realize the assets and would require material adjustments to bring the

         assets at a carrying value other than those recorded in the financial statements.

        Acquisition of Avenir Makatea Phosphate Project


         Significant judgement was required in determining whether the acquisition meets the definition of a business,

         and therefore within the scope of IFRS 3 Business Combinations, or is instead an asset that do not constitute

         a business with the transaction being outside the scope of IFRS 3. Differentiating a business from an asset

         acquisition determines the accounting treatment for acquisitions. To arrive at the conclusion, a detailed

         analysis of what inputs and processes have been acquired was completed. In order to be a considered a

         business, an acquired set of activities and assets must include, as a minimum, an input and a substantive

         process. For projects involved solely on exploration and evaluation, such as Avenir Makatea, the processes

         in place, while documented, may not qualify under what’s defined as “substantive” as there is no proven or

         probable reserve that it can be applied to, there is no organized workforce. The Directors concluded that the

         transaction was as an asset acquisition.




14
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)




          Exploration and evaluation costs (continued)


         An asset acquisition, where consideration paid is in the form of equity instruments, falls within the scope of

          IFRS 2 Share-based payment. IFRS 2 has a rebuttable presumption that the fair value of the assets can be

          measured reliably, and assets acquired will be measured directly using the fair value of the asset. Given the

          nature of the asset and being at an exploration stage, the Directors rebutted this assumption. As provided in

         the standard, if the fair value cannot be estimated reliably, the fair value of the asset shall be measured with

          reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted. The fair value of the assets acquired would be

          measured at the point the control is obtained. Accordingly, the transaction was measured with reference to

         the closing share price of CRP at June 30, 2022, acquisition date.

          Going concern


         These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that

         the Group has the ability and intention to continue operations for a period of at least 12 months from the date

          of the approval of the financial statements.

         The Group incurred a net loss of $1,033,401 during the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: $572,937 net loss)
          and as of that date the Group’s current assets exceed its current liabilities by $391,091 (2021: $431,677).

          During the year the Group had operating cash outflows of $802,870 (2021: $767,547), investing cash outflows
          of $164,496 (2021: $72,826), and financing cash inflows of $2,008,965 (2021: $1,173,074). The cash balance
          at the end of the year was $1,367,472 (2021: $378,868).

          Subsequent to year end, the Group has raised $2,197,753 of additional capital (Note 20). Using the existing
         funds the Directors forecast they have sufficient cash to continue to fund operations for at least 12 months

         from the date the financial statements are signed. While management do not currently have committed funding

         to fund operations beyond this point, it has a history of raising additional funds and therefore expects to

          continue to meet its obligations for the foreseeable future.


          Management's cash flow forecasts include the following assumptions:


          e    The Group continues to manage its corporate costs appropriately within existing available funds.

          e    The Directors will continue to raise further capital as required by one of a combination of the following:

               placement of shares; pro-rata issue to shareholders; and/or further issue of shares to the public.


          e    Expenditure is scalable such that the Group can continue to operate depending on funding obtained.

               This includes continuing to operate for a period of 12 months from the date of the approval of the financial

               statements in the event no further funding is obtained during that period.


          e    The Directors plan to evolve the company from a single project focus into a more diversified company,

               principally involving other phosphate assets. The recent completion of the Avenir Makatea acquisition,

               as disclosed in Note 6 is a step in that direction.

         On this basis, the Directors believe that the Group has the ability to generate sufficient funding to continue

         operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of authorising the financial statements. Hence, they

         consider the use of the going concern basis is appropriate.

15
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




2.   Basis of preparation (continued)




            New accounting standards


            (i) New IFRS standards and interpretations adopted


            There are no other relevant standards and revisions to standards that have been published and are mandatory

            for the Company’s accounting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021.

            (ii) New IFRS standards and interpretations issued but not yet adopted


            There are no new standards or interpretations that have been issued and early adopted by the Group that are

            applicable to the Group.




     Significant accounting policies



     The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently for all periods presented in these

     consolidated financial statements.


      (a)   Basis of consolidation:



            Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the acquisition date, which is the

            date on which control is transferred to the Group. Control exists when the Company has power, exposure to

            variable returns and the ability to use that power to affect its returns from an entity.


            Transactions costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, that the Group

            incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.          Any contingent consideration

            payable is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity,

            then it is not re-measured and settlement is accounted for within equity.



            Otherwise, subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or

            loss. The Group recognises the fair value of all identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the

            acquired business.


            Subsidiaries

            Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the

            consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.




16
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (a)   Basis of consolidation (continued):


           Transactions eliminated on consolidation


           Intra-group balances are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.


           These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Group and its subsidiaries. All inter-

           Group transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation.


           Significant subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:



            Name                                         Country of Incorporation             Effective interest
                                                                                                2022                 2021


            Chatham Rock Phosphate (NZ) Limited          New Zealand                              100                  100
            Avenir Makatea Pty Ltd                       Australia                                100                    -
            SAS Avenir Makatea                           French Polynesia                         100                    -
            Manmar Investments One Hundred and           Namibia                                  100                  100
                 Six (Proprietary) Limited
            Pacific Rare Earths Limited                  New Zealand                              100                  100



           All of the subsidiaries have a March 31 balance date except for Avenir Makatea Pty Ltd and SAS Avenir

           Makatea which have a June 30, balance date.


           Manmar Investments One Hundred and Six (Proprietary) Limited and Pacific Rare Earths Limited did not have

           any transactions during the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021.



     (b)   Share capital:

           Common shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares

           and share options are recognised as a deduction from equity.



     (c) Share purchase warrants:


           The Group issues transferrable share purchase warrants as part of their common share capital offering. The

           warrants are classified as an equity instrument as it only allows the holder to purchase one common share at

           a fixed price and is a non-derivative contract.


           The consideration received on the sale of share and share purchase warrant is allocated using the residual

           method. The allocated amounts are presented respectively as share capital and warrants reserve account,

           within the Statement of Changes in equity.


           Any re-measurement adjustment, as a result of a subsequent modification of the terms of warrants, is not

           recognised within equity.




17
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)



      (d) Share-based payments:


           The Company has a share option plan, under which the fair value of all share-based awards as estimated

           using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model at the grant date and amortized over the vesting periods. An

           individual is classified as an employee when the individual is an employee for legal or tax purposes (direct

           employee) or provides services similar to those performed by a direct employee, including directors of the

           Company. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards expected to

           vest. The offset is credited to share-based payments reserve.

           Upon exercise of the share purchase options, consideration paid together with the amount previously

           recognized in share-based payment reserve is recorded as an increase to share capital. Charges for share

           purchase options that are forfeited before vesting are reversed from the share-based payments reserves. For

           those share purchase options that expire or are forfeited after vesting, the amount previously recorded in

           share-based payments reserve is transferred to accumulated deficit.


      (e) Impairment:

           Non-financial assets other than indefinite life intangibles are tested for impairment whenever events or

           changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.


           The Group conducts an annual internal review of asset values, which is used as a source of information to

           assess any indicators for impairment. If any impairment exists, an estimate of the asset's recoverable amount

           is calculated. Refer
                              to factors considered in identifying whether the mineral asset may be impaired in Note (f).

           An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable

           amount. Recoverable amount is the higher of an assets fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.

           Non-financial assets that have suffered an impairment are tested for possible reversal of the impairment

           whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the impairment may have reversed.


           An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued

           amount, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease and to the extent that the

           impairment loss is greater than the related revaluation surplus, the excess impairment loss is recognised in

           profit or loss. Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-

           generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased

           carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment

           loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss

           is recognised immediately in profit or loss to the extent that it eliminates the impairment loss which has been

           recognised for the asset in prior years. Any increase in excess of this amount is treated as a revaluation

           increase.




     (f)   Mineral property interest:


           Exploration and evaluation costs, including the costs of applying and acquiring licences, are capitalised as

           intangible assets on an area of interest basis. Costs incurred before the Group has obtained the legal rights

           to explore an area are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.



18
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




3.         Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (f)    Mineral property interest (continued):


               Exploration and evaluation assets are classified as intangible assets and are measured at cost less any

               accumulated       amortisation   and   impairment   losses.   Amortisation will   commence     once   the     Group   has

               commenced mining operations and will be recognised on a unit of production basis.


               Exploration and evaluation assets are recognised and carried forward if the rights of the area of interest are

               current and either:

                    (i)      |The expenditures are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation

                             of the area of interest; or

                    (ii)     Activities in the area of interest have not at the reporting date, reached a stage which permits a

                             reasonable assessment of the existence or other wise of economically recoverable reserves and

                             active and significant operations in, or in relation to, the area of interest are continuing.



               Ultimate recoupment of costs is dependent on successful development and commercial exploitation or

               alternatively sale of respective areas. Costs are written off as soon as an area has been abandoned or

               considered to be non-commercial.


               Exploration and evaluation assets are assessed for impairment when facts of circumstances suggest that the

               carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation assets may exceed its recoverable amount. The below

               facts and circumstances indicate that an entity should test exploration and evaluation assets for impairment

               (the list is not exhaustive):


                          (a) the period for which the entity has the right to explore in the specific area has expired during the

                          period or will expire in the near future and is not expected to be renewed.


                          (b) substantive expenditure on further exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the

                      specific area is neither budgeted nor planned.

                          (c) exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the specific area have not led to the

                      discovery of commercially viable quantities of mineral resources and the entity has decided to

                      discontinue such activities in the specific area.


                          (d) sufficient data exist to indicate that, although a development in the specific area is likely to

                          proceed, the carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation asset is unlikely to be recovered in

                      full from successful development or by sale.

               Once the technical feasibility and commercial viability of the extraction of mineral resources in an area of

               interest are demonstrable, exploration and evaluation assets attributable to that area of interest are first tested

               for impairment and then reclassified from intangible assets to mining property and development assets within

               property, plant and equipment.




19
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




3.     Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (g)         Finance income and expenses:


                  Finance income comprises interest income on bank deposits and foreign currency gains that are recognised

                  in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Interest income is recognised as it accrues, using the effective

                  interest method.


                  Finance expenses comprise interest expense and foreign currency losses, are recognised in the Statement

                  of Comprehensive Income. All borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income

                  using the effective interest method.



                  Income tax:


                  Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the Statement

                  of Comprehensive Income except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which

                  case it is recognised in equity.

                  Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or

                  substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.


                  Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and

                  liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is

                  measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse,

                  based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.


                  A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available

                  against which temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date

                  and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.



           (i)    Financial assets:


                  Financial asset are measured at:


                  (i) Amortized cost;


                  (ii) Fair Value in Other Comprehensive Income (“FVOCI”) — debt investment;


                  (iii) FYVOCI — equity investment; and

                  (iv) Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (“FVTPL’”).


                  The classification depends on the business model in which the financial asset is managed and its contractual

                  cash flow characteristics. Derivatives embedded in contracts where the host is a financial asset in the scope

                  of IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, are never separated. Instead, the hybrid financial instrument as a whole is

                  assessed for classification. The Group does not have any FVOCI instruments.


                  Financial assets are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial
                  instrument. Financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus transaction costs.




20
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




      Significant accounting policies (continued)



(i)   Financial assets (continued)


      Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or

      if the Group transfers the financial asset to another party without retaining control or substantial all risks and

      rewards of the asset.


             A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component that is initially

             measured at the transaction price) is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at FVTPL, transaction

             costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition.


             The following accounting policies apply to the subsequent measurement of financial assets:


             Financial assets at FVTPL                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and

                                                      losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognized in

                                                      profit or loss.


             Financial assets at amortized cost       These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the

                                                      effective interest method. The amortized cost is reduced by impairment

                                                      losses.   Interest   income,   foreign   exchange   gains   and   losses   and

                                                      impairment are recognized        in   profit or loss.   Any gain or loss on

                                                      derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.

             Impairment of financial assets


             IFRS 9 requires the use of forward-looking information to recognise any expected credit losses for financial

             instruments. The Group considers a broad range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring

          expected credit losses, including past events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts that

          affect the expected collectability of the future cash flows of the instrument. In applying this forward-looking

          approach, a distinction is made between:


         e      financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition or that

                 have low credit risk (‘Stage 1’) and


         e —_ financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition and whose

                credit risk is not low (‘Stage 2’).


             ‘Stage 3’ would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.

             ‘{2-month expected credit losses’ are recognised for the first category (ie Stage 1) while ‘lifetime expected

             credit losses’ are recognised for the second category (ie Stage 2). Measurement of the expected credit losses

             is determined by a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the expected life of the financial

             instrument. Receivables are not significant and no expected credit losses are recognized.All financial assets

             are subject to review for impairment at least once each reporting date. Accounts receivable are reviewed for

             impairment when accounts are past due or when other objective evidence is received that a specific

             counterparty will default.




21
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




3.   Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (i) Financial assets (continued)


           Measurement of ECLs


           ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value

           of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the

           contract and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective

           interest rate of the financial asset.


           Credit-impaired financial assets


           At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets carried at amortized cost and debt

           securities at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that

           have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.


           Presentation of impairment


           Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortized cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount

           of the assets. Impairment losses related to accounts and other receivables are presented separately in the

           statement of profit or loss and OCI. Impairment losses on other financial assets are presented under ‘finance

           costs’,   and   not presented separately in     the statement of profit or loss and        OCI   due to materiality

           considerations.


     (j)   Financial liabilities:


           Financial liabilities are classified as either financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or financial

           liabilities at amortized cost.


           Financial liabilities


           Financial liabilities at amortized cost are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred and

           subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the amounts originally received, net of

           transaction costs, and the redemption value is recognized in profit or loss over the period to maturity using

           the effective interest method.


           Financial liabilities are classified as current or non-current based on their maturity dates. The Company has

           classified accounts payable and other liabilities as liabilities at amortized cost.

           De-recognition of financial liabilities


           A financial liability is derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.




22
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




3.    Significant accounting policies (continued)



     (k)   Earnings per share:


           The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is

           calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Group by the weighted

           average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.

           Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted

           average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which

           comprise share warrants and options.


     (I)   Cash and cash equivalents


           Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash at bank and short-term

           deposits with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible to known cash amounts

           of cash which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

           For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash

           equivalents as defined above.




23
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




     Segment reporting




     During the period the Group has increased its operations to three business segments (three geographical areas)

     - the development of a defined rock phosphate deposit - in New Zealand, French Polynesia, and Australia.



     The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the

     operating segment, has been identified as the Board. The Board manages development activity through review

     and approval of contracts and other operational information.


 March 31, 2022              New Zealand       French          Australia         Total         Unallocated   Consolidated
                                               Polynesia                       segment



 Total sales revenue
 Financial income                     484                  -               -             484                             484
 Other income                       5,328                  -               -        5,328                            5,328
 Total revenue and
 other income                       5,812                  -               -        5,812                            5,812


 Segment result                  (674,288)        (125,428)     (233,685)      (1,033,401)                      (1,033,401)
 Loss/gain before
 income tax expense              (674,288)        (125,428)     (233,685)      (1,033,401)                      (1,033,401)



 Assets
 Total current assets            1,293,832         127,794          18,993      1,440,619                        1,440,619
 Total non-current
 assets                         4,724,357        1,947,729          13,441      6,685,527                        6,685,527
 Total assets                   6,018,189        2,075,523          32,434      8,126,146                        8,126,146


 Liabilities
 Total current liabilities       (961,887)         (19,670)       (67,971)     (1,049,528)                      (1,049,528)
 Total non-current
 liabilities                               -               -               -               -                                -
 Total liabilities               (961,887)         (19,670)       (67,971)     (1,049,528)                      (1,049,528)




      In the previous financial year, the business was a single reportable operating segment, being the development of

      a defined rock phosphate deposit on the Chatham Rise.




24
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




      Mineral property interest



                                                                                      March 31,              March 31,
                                                                                           2022                   2021


      Chatham Rise project                                                       $    4,709,165         $    4,691,425
      Makatea phosphate project                                                        1,936,386                      -


      Mineral property interests                                                 $    6,645,551         $    4,691,425




     (a)     Exploration and evaluation on Chatham Rise Project




                                                                                      March 31,              March 31,
                                                                                           2022                   2021


      Opening balance                                                            $    4,691,425         $    4,456,736
      Exploration costs capitalised                                                      71,751                 72,825
      Foreign exchange fluctuation                                                       (54,011)              161,864


      Net book value                                                             $    4,709,165         $    4,691,425


      Cost                                                                       $   21,038,667         $   21,211,099
      Impairment                                                                     (16,329,502)           (16,519,674)


      Net book value                                                             $    4,709,165         $    4,691,425




      The recoverability of the carrying amounts of exploration and evaluation assets is dependent on the Group gaining

      a Marine Consent for the project to be commercially successful. Commitments and tenure of the permit is included

      in Note 19.



      The Group holds Minerals Mining Permit 55549 which was granted on December 6, 2013. The Minerals Mining

      Permit covers 820 sq km within the MPL 50270 area. The Mining Permit is for twenty-three months (expiry 2033)

      and subject to the granting of a Marine Consent from the Environmental Protection Authority (“EPA”), will allow

      the Group to conduct mining operations. The relinquishment of MPL 50270 has no impact on the mining permit

      and the proposed mining programme.



      On February 11, 2015, the Group was refused Marine Consent by an Independent Decision-Making Committee

      (DMC) convened by the Environmental Protection Authority (EPA), New Zealand’s environmental regulator on

      grounds which the Group disputes. Subsequently, the Directors impaired the carrying value of the capitalised costs

      to represent their best estimate of the recoverability as the Group reconsiders the re-submission of the Marine

      Consent with the EPA.



      On August 23, 2021 the Group applied for a change of conditions in the permit to further defer the minimum work

      programme commitments. All work commitments have been met to date (Note 19).



25
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




5.   Mineral property interest (continued)



     (a)   Exploration and evaluation on Chatham Rise Project (continued)



     The Group has considered whether there are any facts or circumstances that would indicate that the mineral

     property interest should be assessed for impairment, and we noted the following:

           e    The Group’s tenure to the mining permit over the area is current and is not to expire in the near future;

           e    Substantive expenditure on further exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources is still planned;

           e    Relevant studies suggest that the phosphate within the area remains commercially viable and once the

                exploitation begins the carrying amount of the asset is likely to be recovered.

     The above factors have been unchanged and concluded that no further impairment is required (2021: no

     impairment).



     (b)   In September 2012, the Group applied for five prospecting licences offshore Namibia. The prospecting regime

           is currently subject to a moratorium. It remains the intention of the Directors to pursue these licences.



     (c)   Acquisition of Makatea Phosphate Project



                                                                                                                March 31,
                                                                                                                       2022


     Acquisition cost                                                                                      $    §61,853,725
     Capitalised acquisition costs                                                                                778,584
     Foreign exchange fluctuation                                                                                      4,077


     Net book value                                                                                        $    1,936,386




     On June 30, 2021, CRP acquired the Makatea Phosphate Project through the acquisition of 100% of the shares

     of an Australian private company, Avenir Makatea Pty Limited. Avenir Makatea, through its wholly owned French

     Polynesian subsidiary, SAS Avenir Makatea (SAS) holds the exploration research permit (ERP) to explore for

     phosphate on the French Polynesian island of Makatea (the “Makatea Phosphate Project’).



     The Makatea Phosphate Project is a combined rehabilitation and phosphate mining project located on Makatea

     Island approximately 240km northeast of Tahiti, French Polynesia. It covers an area of 1,035 ha (10.36 km2). The

     island is a well-known source of phosphate and was previously mined from 1908 to 1966.




26
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




5.    Mineral property interest (continued)



      (c)    Acquisition of Makatea Phosphate Project (continued)



            (i)     Subsidiaries acquired


                                                                                                Date of         Proportion of
                                                                                            Acquisition      shares acquired
                                                           Principal activity


                     Avenir Makatea Pty Ltd                            Mining           June 30, 2021                      100%
                     SAS Avenir Makatea                                Mining           June 30, 2021                      100%



             (ii) Consideration for the acquisition


             The assets were acquired in exchange of 17,857,738 equity shares of Chatham Rock Phosphate Limited at

             fair value at its fair value at June 30, 2021, acquisition date, for a total consideration of $1,785,774.


             Acquisition related costs amounting to $78,585 have been capitalized.



             (iii) Assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition



                                                                                                          Avenir Makatea Pty
                                                                                                                           Ltd
                                                                                                                             $
                  Current assets
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              5,012
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                            5,651


                  Non-current assets
                  Plant and equipment                                                                                    10,903
                  Mineral property interest                                                                          1,853,725


                  Current liabilities
                  Trade and other payables                                                                            (89,517)




 6.    Trade and other payables




                                                                                                  2022                      2021


      Trade and other payables due to related parties                                   $         7,613          $        22,053
      Other trade payables                                                                       28,562                   20,602
      Accrued expenses                                                                          131,284                   42,756


                                                                                        $       167,459         $         85,411


27
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




           Share capital




     (a)   Authorised:


           The Group's share capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares without par value.

           The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are entitled to one vote per share at

           meetings of the Group, to the extent to which they have been paid up. All shares rank equally with regard to

           the Group’s residual assets.



           Issued and outstanding:


                                                                                           Number
                                                                                          of shares           Amount


           Balance, April, 1, 2020                                                      26,303,440         35,108,126


           Issued during the year:
             Shares issued net of costs                                                 17,395,714          1,179,853


           Balance, March 31, 2021                                                      43,699,154         36,287,979


           Issued during the year:
             Shares issued net of costs                                                 28,232,173          2,919,708


           Balance, March 31, 2022                                                      71,931,327     $   39,207,687




           On June 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Avenir Makatea Pty Limited. Pursuant to the

           terms of the Share Purchase Agreement dated April 28,              2021    between the Company and Avenir’s

           shareholders, the Company issued a total of 17,857,738 common shares to the former Avenir shareholders

           having a fair value of CAD$0.10 per share, for total consideration of CAD $1,785,774.

           On July 19, 2021, the Company closed a non-brokered private placement of 3,173,435 units at a price of CAD

           $0.11 per Unit (NZ$0.12) for gross proceeds of CAD $349,078 (NZD $380,812). Each Unit consists of one
           common share in the capital of the Company and one transferable share purchase warrant. Each Warrant will

           entitle the holder thereof to acquire one common share at a price of CAD$0.45 per share at any time prior to
           the date that is five (5) years from the date of issuance.


           On September 9, 2021, the Company closed a non-brokered private placement of 7,201,000 units at a price

           of CAD $0.11 per Unit (NZ$0.125) for gross proceeds of CAD $792,110 (NZD $880,781). Each Unit consists

           of one common share in the capital of the Company and one transferable share purchase warrant. Each

           Warrant will entitle the holder thereof to acquire one common share at a price of CAD$0.45 per share at any

           time prior to the date that is five (5) years from the date of issuance.




28
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




7.   Share capital (continued)


     (c)   Warrants:



             Original Grant Date            Modified Grant Date     Original Expiry Date    Modified Expiry Date


             December 27, 2017              February 18, 2019       December 27, 2019       December 27, 2022

             January 24, 2018               February 18, 2019       January 24, 2020        January 24, 2023

             December 13, 2018              February 18, 2019       December 13, 2020       December 13, 2023

             August
                25, 2018                    February 18, 2019       August
                                                                       25, 2020             August
                                                                                               25, 2023




                Expiry Date           Exercise     Balance         Issued       Exercised    Expired/       Balance
                                       prices     March 31,                                 cancelled/     March 31,
                                                    2021                                    forfeited          2022

             Dec 27, 2022                $0.45       442,293                -                                   442,293
             Jan 24, 2023                $0.45       486,368                -                                   486,368
             Dec 13, 2023                $0.45      1,172,885               -                                  1,172,885
             Aug 25, 2023                $0.45       381,780                -                                   381,780
             Mar 26, 2024                $0.45      1,756,663               -                                  1,756,663

             Apr 23, 2024                $0.45       676,026                -                                   676,026

             Dec 23, 2024                $0.45       647,631                -                                   647,631
             May 05, 2025                $0.45     5,029,820                -                                  5,029,820
             Sep 23, 2025                $0.45     2,365,894                -                                  2,365,894
             Jul 19, 2026                $0.45                -   3,173,435                                    3,173,435

             Sep 09, 2026                $0.45                -   7,201,000                                    7,201,000

                                                  12,959,360      10,374,435                                23,333,795

             Weighted average

             exercise price                             $0.45               -                                      $0.45

             Weighted average

             remaining life (years)                        3.60             -                                         3.40



           On July 19, 2021     as part of a non-brokered private placement, the Company issued 3,173,435 non-

           transferable share purchase warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a

           price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to July 19, 2026.


           On September 9, 2021 as part of a non-brokered private placement, the Company issued 7,201,000 non-

           transferable share purchase warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at a

            price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to September 9, 2026.




29
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




7.   Share capital (continued)



           In the event that the common shares of the Company trade on the TSX Venture Exchange at a closing price

           of greater than CAD $0.60 (NZ$0.71) per common share for a period of 20 consecutive trading days at any

           time after four months and one day after the closing date of the private placement, the Company may

           accelerate the expiry date of the Warrants by giving notice to the holders thereof by way of a news release

           and in such case the Warrants will expire on the 30th day after the date of dissemination of the news release.



           Using the residual approach, the warrants issued in July and September 2021 were valued at $nil. These are
           deemed Level 3 fair values as the warrants’ value made using a valuation technique that require inputs i.e.

           fair value of shares, which is significant to the overall fair value measurement.


           On February 18, 2019 the Company announced that all issued 2017 warrants would be reduced in price from

           CAD $1.00 per common share to CAD $0.45 per share and that it was going to extend the expiry date from
           two years to five years from the date of issuance. None of the 2017 warrants have to date be exercised.



           It also announced that the June 2018 and August 2018 options were both to be extended to five years from

           the date of issuance. None of the June 2018 or August 2018 warrant have to date been exercised.



           The warrant terms were changed in order to ensure that they can be exercised after the achievement of key

           future milestones including the grant of the environmental permit and the commencement of the dredging

           operations.


8.     Share based payments



     (a)   Recognised share-based payment expenses

           The purpose of the share-based payments is to reward key consultants and cornerstone investors in a manner

           that aligns remuneration with the creation of shareholder wealth. As the Company’s activities have been

           predominantly developing an already defined mineral deposit, shareholder wealth is dependent, for the

           foreseeable future, on development success rather than an improvement in the Company’s earnings.



           The Company grants share purchase options pursuant to the policies of the TSX-Venture Exchange with

           respect to eligible persons, exercise price, maximum term, vesting, maximum options per person and

           termination of eligible person status. These are treated as equity-settled share-based payments.


           Stock options


           The Company has a stock option plan under which options to purchase shares in the company may be granted

           to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The Board of Directors has approved a policy of reserving

           up to 10% of the outstanding common shares for issuance to eligible participants. All stock options have a

           maximum term of ten years and the vesting period for each grant is determined at the discretion of the Board

           of Directors.




30
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




8.    Share based payments (continued)


           On October 20, 2021 the Company granted 2,400,000 share options under the share option plan of May 8,

           2018. The options which expire on October 20, 2026 are exercisable at $0.13 per share. The options fully
           vested on October 20, 2021.

           The share-based payment expense of $159,703 was estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model
           assuming a risk- free rate of 1.29%, a volatility of 65%, an expected dividend rate of nil and an expected life

           of 5 years. The shares in the Company traded at CAD$0.122 on the grant date.


           No further options were granted during the year ended March 31, 2022 (2021: nil).


           The continuity of outstanding share based options for the year ended March 31, 2022, is as follows:


               Expiry Date           Exercise    Balance          Issued        Exercised        Expired/         Balance
                                      prices    March 31                                        cancelled/        March 31,
                                                  2021                                           forfeited          2022
            May 8, 2023                 $0.29     1,310,000                 -               -                 -    1,310,000

            October 8, 2029             $0.11      500,000                  -               -                 -      500,000
            October 20, 2026            $0.13               -     2,400,000                 -                 -    2,400,000

                                                  1,810,000       2,400,000                 -                 -    4,210,000

            Weighted average

            exercise price                            $0.24                 -               -                 -        $0.18

            Weighted average

            remaining life (years)                       3.88               -               -                 -            3.84




     (c)   Equity-settled transactions


           The acquisition of Avenir Makatea Phosphate project during the year is considered an equity-settled

           transaction and accounted for accordingly (2021: C$nil). Refer to Notes 2 and 5 (c) for details.




31
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




9.    Earnings per share



      The earnings and weighted average number of outstanding shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted

      earnings per share are as follows:


                                                                                                2022           2021


          rors used in the calculation of basic                                        (1,033,401)         (572,937)

          Weighted average number of
          outstanding shares for the purpose of                                         63,326,686     34,590,008
          basic EPS
          Effect of dilution, weighted number of                                                   _               _
          mandatory warrants
          Weighted average number of
          outstanding shares used in the                                                63,326,686     34,590,008
          calculation of diluted EPS
          Basic loss per share                                                            (0.0163)          (0.0166)
          Diluted loss per share                                                          (0.0163)          (0.0166)




      The outstanding warrants and share options were not considered to have any dilutive effect on the EPS as the

      Company was operating at a net loss for the period and these warrants are currently out of the money and are

      not expected to be exercised.



10.   Finance income and expenses




                                                                                                2022           2021


          Interest income on bank deposits                                                         -               -
          Net foreign exchange gains                                                             484               -
          Finance income                                                                         484               -
          Interest expense                                                                         -          1,724
          Net foreign exchange losses                                                              -          1,714
          Finance expense                                                                          -          3,438


          Net finance income and expenses                                                   $    484   $    (3,438)




32
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




11.   General and administrative expenses



      The following items of expenditure are included in administrative expenses:


                                                                                                      2022      2021


             Auditor’s remuneration to Grant
             Thornton New Zealand Audit Limited
             comprises:

             Audit of annual financial statements                                                    59,004    29,877


             Auditor's remuneration to KPMG
             comprises:

             Annual audit of financial statements                                                     2 435            7
             — SAS Avenir Makatea                                                                      ’
             Total auditors’ remuneration                                                            61,439    29,877


             Accountancy fees                                                                        18,207     13,371
             Consultancy fees                                                                    151,149        30,331
             Directors’ fees                                                                               -           -
             Employee benefits                                                                       29,890            -
             Insurance                                                                               23,080    20,417
             Legal fees                                                                          147,780       133,356
             Listing fees                                                                            16,177     14,587
             Management fees                                                                     104,379       63,756
             Marketing                                                                           133,884       192,808
             Registry fees                                                                           24,629    24,372
             Rent                                                                                    41,988     19,075
             Travel                                                                                  30,679      6,293


      The Board has agreed to forfeit directors fees for the year ended March 31, 2022 (beyond the amount charged).

      Some directors are remunerated for their services through consultancy fees.


      Refer to Note 17 for discussion on consultancy fees, which are charged by related parties.




12.   Depreciation and amortisation



      Depreciation and amortisation included in the profit and loss is as follows:


                                                                                             2022


          Depreciation plant and equipment                                           $       3,165


                                                                                         $   3,165




33
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




13.   Income tax expense in the Statement of Comprehensive Income



      Reconciliation of effective tax rate


                                                                                              2022              2021



          Profit/(loss) for the year                                                              $
                                                                                        (1,033,401)
                                                                                                      $     (572,937)
          Income tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate 27%                            (279,018)         (154,693)
          Tax effect of:
          Non-deductible expenditure                                                       138,025           105,243
          Current year losses for which no deferred tax is recognised                      690,513           125,409
          Change in unrecognized temporary differences                                    (539,187)          (70,230)
          Foreign tax rate differentials                                                   (10,333)           (5,729)
          Income tax expense                                                                      -                    -

          Comprising:
          Current tax expense                                                                     -                    -
          Deferred tax expense
          Origination and reversal of temporary differences                               (519,930)          (67,722)
          Change in unrecognized temporary differences                                     519,930            67,722
          Total income tax expense in income statement                                            -                    -


          The current tax assets consists of:
          Resident withholding tax paid                                                           -                    -
          Current tax assets                                                       $              -   $                -




14.   Deferred tax assets and liabilities



      Unrecognised deferred tax assets

      Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following:


                                                                                              2022              2021


          Deductible Temporary differences                                        $               -   $             -
          Tax losses                                                                   (10,587,228)       (9,896,714)


                                                                                  $ (10,587,228)      $ (9,896,714)




34
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




14.    Deferred tax assets and liabilities (continued)



      Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:


                                                                                               2022                     2021


          Mineral property interest                                                  $    1,266,685           $    1,203,319
          Trade and other payables                                                           15,541                    7,856
          Tax losses                                                                     (1,282,226)              (1,211,175)


                                                                                     $              -         $             -




15.    Financial instruments



      Exposure to credit, market, foreign currency, equity prices and liquidity risks arise in the normal course of the

      Group’s business.


      Credit risk:

      The Group incurs credit risk from financial instruments when a counter party fails to meet its contractual obligations.

      Credit risk arises on cash and other receivables. The Group does not have a significant concentration of credit risk

      with any single party.


      Market risk:


      Market risk is that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the

      Group’s income or the value of it’s holding of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is

      to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

      Foreign currency risk:


      The Group has transactional currency exposure arising from corporate costs which are denominated in New

      Zealand dollars (NZD) and Australian dollars (AUD) and investing costs which are denominated in French

      Polynesian Francs (XPF). The Group does not undertake any hedging activities.


      The Group ownsa      fixed life intangible asst in French Polynesia and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising

      from various currency exposures to the Canadian dollar.


      The Board approved the policy of holding certain funds in Canadian dollars to manage foreign exchange risk. The

      Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk at the reporting date was as follows:




35
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




15.    Financial instruments (continued)




                                                                                            31 March 2022
                                                                                 NZD                         AUD                       XPF


          Financial assets:

          Cash and cash equivalents                                   $       967,156                $      5,927           $       124,260
          Accounts receivable and other receivables                             3,402                      13,065                     3,319
          Financial liabilities:
          Trade and other payables                                     $       11,105            $         67,971           $        19,670
          Monies received for subscriptions for shares                        844 969                            -                         -




      At the reporting date, if the currencies set out in the table above, strengthened or weakened against the Canadian

      dollar   by the   percentage shown,    with   all   other variables     held   constant,   net       profit for the   year would

      increase/(decrease) and net assets would increase/(decrease) by:



                                                                                            31 March 2022
                                                                                 NZD                         AUD                       XPF


          Impact on post tax profit
          Exchange rate +10%                                              $    11,448            $       = (4,898)              $    10,791
          Exchange rate -10%                                                  (11,448)                      4,898                   (10,791)
          Impact on Equity
          Exchange rate +10%                                              $    11,448            $         (4,898)              $    10,791
          Exchange rate -10%                                                  (11,448)                      4,898                   (10,791)




      Management believes the risk exposures as at the reporting date are representative of the risk exposure inherent

      in the financial instruments.   A movement of +/— 10% is selected because a review of recent exchange rate

      movements and economic data suggests this range is reasonable.



      Interest rate risk:


      Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because

      of changes in market interest rates.


      The Group’s cash and cash equivalents attract interest at floating rates and have maturities of 90 days or less.

      The interest is typical of New Zealand banking rates, which are at present historically low; however, the Group’s

      conservative investment strategy mitigates the risk of deterioration to capital invested.                A change of 100 basis

      points in the interest rate would not be material to the consolidated financial statements.




36
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




15.    Financial instruments (continued)


      Liquidity risk:


      Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Group’s

      approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet

      its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking

      damage to the Group’s reputation.


      Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, which has built an

      appropriate liquidity risk framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and longer terms funding

      and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash balances

      through monitoring of future rolling cash flow forecasts of its operations and equity raising, which reflect

      management's expectations of the settlement of financial assets and liabilities.



      The only financial liabilities are trade and other payables. At March 31, 2022, the Group had $167,459 (2021:
      $85,411) in trade and other payables including accrued liabilities. Trade payables are non-interest bearing and
      have a contractual maturity of less than 30 days.



      (a)   Financial assets and liabilities:


            As at March 31, 2022, the carrying and fair values of our financial instruments by category are as follows:


                                                                        Fair value
                                                                         through          Total
                                                       Amortised        profit and       carrying      Less than 1        1 to 3
                                                         cost              loss          amount           year            years
                                                            $               $               $               $               $


             Financial assets


             Cash and cash
             equivalent                                 1,367,472                    -   1,367,472      1,367,472


             Other financial assets                        18,472                    -      18,472         18,472


             Total financial assets                     1,385,944                    -   1,385,944      1,385,944


             Financial liabilities


             Trade and other
             payables                                     167,459                    -    167,459         167,459
             Monies received for
             subscriptions for
             shares                                       882,069                    -    882,069         882,069


             Total financial
             liabilities                                1,049,528                    -   1,049,528      1,049,528




37
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




15.    Financial instruments (continued)



      (b)   Fair value:

            All financial instruments measured at fair value are categorized into one of three hierarchy levels, described

            below, for disclosure purposes.     Each level is based on the transparency of the inputs used to measure the

            fair values of assets and liabilities:


            e    Level 1 - Values based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the

                 measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.


            e    Level 2 - Values based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or model inputs that are observable

                 either directly or indirectly for substantially the full contractual term of the asset or liability.

            e    Level 3 - Values based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable

                 and significant to the overall fair value measurement.


      The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued

      liabilities approximate their respective fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying

      value of the bank term loan approximates its fair value due to the existence of floating market-based interest rates.

      The Group has no financial assets or liabilities included in Level 1, 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy.




 16. Capital management




      The Group defines the capital that it manages as its shareholder equity.


      The Group’s objectives with respect to managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a

      going concern so that it can provide future returns to shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders.


      The Group’s capital structure reflects a Group focused on mineral exploration and financing both internal and

      external growth opportunities. The exploration for and development of mineral deposits involves significant risk

      which even a combination of careful evaluation, experience and knowledge may not adequately mitigate.


       In order to maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may issue new shares or sell assets to fund ongoing

      operations.


      The Group manages its capital structure by performing the following:

      e     Preparing budgets and cash-flow forecasts which are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors;


      e     Regular internal reporting and Board of Directors meetings to review actual versus budgeted spending and

            cash-flows; and


      e     Detailed project analysis to assess and determine new funding requirements.


      There were no changes in the Group’s approach to capital management during the period. The Group is not

      subject to externally imposed capital requirements.




38
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




17.    Related party transactions




      (a)   Balances receivable and payable:


            The amounts due to related parties and included in accounts payable, are non-interest bearing, unsecured

            and due on demand, and comprise the following:


                                                                                         2022                 2021


            Due to directors                                                   $        7,613         $      22,053


                                                                               $        7,613         $      22,053



      (b)   Key management personnel:


            Key management personnel includes consulting and management fees paid and/or accrued to the Group’s

            senior officers and directors as follows:


                                                                                         2022                 2021


            Consultancy fees                                                   $        5,017         $        9,829
            Management fees                                                           104,379                63,756
            Share-based payments                                                      125,926                        -


                                                                               $      235,322         $      73,585


            Depending on the nature of services and costs, certain amounts have been capitalized to intangible assets

            as they are directly attributable to the Chatham Rise project.



            Transactions and balances with key management personnel and their related parties



            During the year, the Company paid management fees of $nil (2021: $nil) to Chris Castle. The outstanding

            balance at balance date was $nil (2021: $nil).


            During the year, the Company paid management fees of $41,490 (2021: $nil) to Colin Randall. The

            outstanding balance at balance date was $4,693 (2021: $nil).


            During the year, the Company paid consultancy fees for stakeholder management of $4,062 (2021: $4,184)
            to Ms L Sanders. The outstanding balance at balance date was $1,965 (2021: $9,588).


            During the year, the Company paid consultancy fees of $955 (2021: $5,645) to Nevay Holdings Ltd, a
            company in which Mr C Castle & Ms J Hatchwell are also Directors. The outstanding balance at balance date

            was $955 (2021: $12,465).




39
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




17.   Related party transactions (continued)


      (b)   Key management personnel (continued):

            Ms L Sanders, Mr C Castle and Ms J Hatchwell, Directors of Chatham Rock Phosphate Ltd are commonly

            Directors in Aorere Resources Limited, which in its own name and through its subsidiary; Mineral Investments

            Ltd has a combined 1.8% (2021: 1.8%) shareholding in Chatham Rock Phosphate Ltd.


            During the year, the Company paid management fees of $62,889 (2021: $63,756) to Aorere Resources
            Limited. The outstanding balance at balance date was $nil (2021: $nil).




18.   Reconciliation of the loss for the year with the net cash from operating activities




                                                                                                2022              2021



        (Loss) for the period                                                          $ (1,033,401)        $ (572,937)
       Adjustments for:
             Depreciation                                                                      3,165                  -
             Share-based payments                                                            157,408                  -


       Change in trade and other receivables                                                (10,955)             5,036
       Change in other current assets                                                         81,335           (83,184)
       Change in trade and other payables                                                       (421)        (116,462)




        Net cash from operating activities                                               $ (802,870)        $ (767,547)




19.   Commitments and contingencies


      Licence work commitments:


      The Group has the following       indicative expenditure commitments at balance date (being minimum work

      requirements under its minerals mining permit and minerals prospecting licence). The Company is dependent on

      certain factors to be able to meet these minimum work requirements. They are set out in Note 1.


                                                                                           2022                   2021
                                                                                            NZD                   NZD




       Within one year                                                           $             -        $             -
       After one year but not more than five years                               $    6,000,000         $    6,000,000
                                                                                 $    6,000,000         $    6,000,000




40
CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




19.   Commitments and contingencies (continued)




      Minerals Mining Permit 55549


      The Minerals Mining Permit was granted on December 6, 2013. On November 7, 2019 the Company was granted

      a change of conditions in the permit to defer the minimum work programme commitments. During the year the

      Company applied for a further deferral of the minimum work program to align the hurdles with an expected realistic

      timeline for preparation of a new marine consent application. To date all minimum work commitments have been

      completed.

      The minimum work programme includes:


      Within 96 months of the commencement date of the permit, the permit holder shall:


          e    Complete and submit a sufficiently detailed engineering study and feasibility study, which (without

               limitation) is at the level of detail to reach a decision-to-mine milestone; and


          e    Submit a detailed timeline for the construction/refit of a selected vessel including (without limitation) the

               detail timing of the commissioning and mobilisation to the Chatham Rise; and


          e    Complete and submit a marine operations risk review report that includes (without limitation)        a HAZID

               Risk Assessment Matrix, risk review of on-board processing and risk review of planned and unplanned

               maintenance in various weather scenarios; and

          e    Either commit by notice in writing to the Chief Executive to carry out the work programme obligations set

               out for the following 24 months and to commence production within 60 months of the commencement

               date of the permit or surrender the permit.

      Within 120 months of the commencement date of the permit, the permit holder must spend on average $2 million

      per annum completing appropriate sampling, geophysical and geotechnical surveys and data analysis (without

      limitation) in respect of the mining blocks identified for the first five years of production. For the remainder of the

      term the Company must spend $2 million per annum on carrying out further specified work programme
      commitments.


      In addition to those disclosed above, there are other specific work programme commitments under the permit

      which applies only once the Group enters the production stage.


      As the Group has not yet obtained a marine consent, the Group has been unable to carry out certain aspects of

      their minimum work programme. Similar to previous years, management’s intention is to apply for a change in

      conditions from New Zealand Petroleum and Minerals which would generally result in the due date of the conditions

      being deferred.




41
  CHATHAM ROCK PHOSPHATE LIMITED
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 (Expressed in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated)
 For the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021




20.   Subsequent events




      On April 8, 2022 the Company announced that it has closed its non-brokered private placement of 12,927,960

      units (the “Units”) at a price of CAD$0.17 (NZ$0.195) per Unit for gross proceeds of CAD$2,197,753
      (NZ$2,520,952). The private placement was intended to be limited to 10,000,000 units but given significant interest
      from investors in New Zealand, Germany, USA and Canada, CRP requested (and was granted) approval by the

      TSXV to enlarge the issue to accommodate the demand. Each unit consists of one common share and one

      transferable share purchase warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share ata

      price of CAD$0.45 per share any time prior to the date that is three years from the date of issuance. In the event

      that the common shares of the Company trade on the TSX Venture Exchange at a closing price of greater than

      CAD$0.60 (NZ$0.69) per common share for a period of 20 consecutive trading days at any time after four months
      and one day after the closing date of the private placement, the Company may accelerate the expiry date of the

      Warrants by giving notice to the holders thereof by way of a news release and in such case the Warrants will

      expire on the 30th day after the date of dissemination of the news release. All securities issued pursuant to the

      private placement are subject to a hold period and may not be traded until August 9, 2022.


      As at March 31, 2022, the Group holds $882,069 of cash received for subscription of shares as per the offering
      above. The amount presented as a     liability at year end was settled upon issuance of shares on closing of the

      private placement.


      There were no other material subsequent events up to the date of this report.




 42
