29 September 2022

This announcement contains inside information.

Wise Plc
Growth momentum continues; financial guidance upgraded
Wise’s mission on transparency and lowering the cost of international money
movement is resonating strongly, with more customers using Wise each quarter. And
as interest rates rise, we will share back much of the benefit with customers.
Strong start to FY23 has continued:
- Volumes have grown c.47% and revenues at c.54% for H1 FY23 vs prior year.
- Revenue growth for the year will be further supported by increasing levels of
interest income on customer balances, which we will now present in ‘total
income’ alongside Revenue.
- We plan to share much of the benefit from this interest with our customers,
through lower prices, but we’ll also invest in our growth.
- We now expect total income growth of between 55% and 60% for FY23 vs prior
year; we maintain our guidance for medium-term adjusted EBITDA margin to
be at or above 20% of total income.
In the second quarter of this year, we have continued to see strong growth in active
customers as an increasing number of customers use Wise each quarter. We estimate
total cross-border volumes for Q2 FY23 to be approximately 46% higher than in Q2 FY22.
As a result, revenue (excluding interest income) for the second quarter is expected to be
between £208 million and £210 million, taking revenue for the first half of the year to
between £394 million and £396 million, approximately 54% higher than the first six
months of FY22. The currency markets continue to be volatile as we know, which has
meant we have seen a gross margin of 60-62% year to date.
Alongside continued growth in balances in the Wise Account and Wise Business
products, we have also seen interest rates increase across the major currencies our
customers hold with us.
As interest rates have increased globally, we have started generating interest income on
our customers’ balances, whilst ensuring that they remain safeguarded and available to
our customers. The net interest income associated with this activity is now expected to be
approximately £17 million for the first six months of FY23, and if rates were to persist at
these levels or increase further, the interest income has potential to grow over the
remainder of the financial year.
We believe our success to date is thanks to our sharing economic benefits with
customers as well as our investors. So as we’ve said previously, we will look for ways to
pass much of this benefit through to our customers through pricing and the
development of our product and infrastructure. This means that the growth in interest
income will be at least partially offset by reductions in prices for our customers as well as

contributing to funding growth in operating expenses as we invest in our business for the
long term.
As this interest income becomes more meaningful, starting with our H1 FY23 interim
financial report, we will be presenting the components of “total income” which will
comprise: revenue (as previously defined); and net interest income from customer
balances. Our adjusted EBITDA margin will now therefore be calculated as adjusted
EBITDA as a percentage of total income. Previously, interest income from customer
balances and operating assets was included in EBITDA but presented between gross
profit and operating profit. This will be a change in presentation in line with IAS 1. The
interest income from operating assets will remain unchanged in terms of presentation.
Whilst there is much uncertainty in today’s markets, and our major economies face
challenging months ahead, the stronger than expected performance on cross-border
revenues combined with the interest income from customer balances means that we
now expect total income to be between 55% and 60% higher in FY23 compared with FY22
(£557 million, unaudited re-presented). We previously guided to FY23 revenue growth of
30-35% vs FY22. We continue to expect to grow revenue above 20% (CAGR) over the
medium term.
Our strategy to share and invest this interest income, combined with the change in
accounting presentation of total income means that our expectation and guidance for
medium-term adjusted EBITDA margin remains at or above 20% (adjusted EBITDA as
percentage of total income).
Briefing call
Our CFO, Matthew Briers, will be hosting a brief call from 3.30-4.00pm (UK time) to
discuss the key points from the announcement and to provide an opportunity for
questions. Please use the following link to access the call:
https://transferwise.zoom.us/j/97215842443?pwd=RWhPY3R1N2dSTUJjTTZ4blh1dkRpQT09
We will provide more of our mission, growth and financial highlights with our Q2 trading
update, which will be published on Tuesday 18 October 2022. Our half year results are
scheduled to be published on Tuesday 29 November 2022.

Enquiries
Martyn Adlam - Head of Owner Relations
martyn.adlam@wise.com
Sana Rahman - Global Head of Communications
press@wise.com
Brunswick Group
Charles Pretzlik / Sarah West / Nick Beswick
Wise@brunswickgroup.com
+44 (0) 20 7404 5959

About Wise
Wise is a global technology company, building the best way to move money around the
world. With the Wise account people and businesses can hold over 50 currencies, move
money between countries and spend money abroad. Large companies and banks use
Wise technology too; an entirely new cross-border payments network that will one day
power money without borders for everyone, everywhere. However you use the platform,
Wise is on a mission to make your life easier and save you money.
Co-founded by Kristo Käärmann and Taavet Hinrikus, Wise launched in 2011 under its
original name TransferWise. It is one of the world's fastest growing tech companies and is
listed on the London Stock Exchange under the ticker WISE.
Over 13 million people and businesses use Wise. Today we process over £8 billion in crossborder transactions every month, saving customers over £1 billion a year.

