                        ASX Announcement


                            FY25 Key Financial Results and Annual Report
                        Melbourne, Australia; 26 August 2025: Starpharma (ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY), an innovative
                        biotechnology company with two decades of experience in advancing dendrimer technology
                        from the lab to the patient, today releases its annual report and full-year financial results for the
                        year ended 30 June 2025.


                        Key Financial Results




For personal use only
                        ●   Ended the 2025 financial year with a cash balance of $15.4 million, with an anticipated R&D
                            tax incentive refund of $3.7 million expected in H1 FY26.

                        ●   FY25 revenue of $4.9M, up 183% on the prior year on an underlying basis (FY24: $1.7 million,
                            excluding the one-time $6.6 million settlement payment from Mundipharma for VivaGel®
                            BV). Revenue growth driven by research revenue from Petalion Therapeutics and increased
                            revenue from Viraleze™ and VivaGel® BV.

                        ●   FY25 reported loss was $10.0 million, a 31% improvement on the prior year on an underlying
                            basis (FY24: $14.7 million, excluding the Mundipharma settlement). The loss includes
                            reduced research and product development expenditure of $8.4 million (FY24: $10.1
                            million), net of the Australian Government’s R&D tax incentive.




                        Visit Starpharma’s new InvestorHub to watch a video with our Chief
                        Executive Officer, Cheryl Maley, discussing the key highlights from our
                        2025 Annual Report.

                        Scan the QR code or visit: https://investors.starpharma.com/link/Pq2BEy


                        We encourage shareholders and potential investors to explore Starpharma’s new Investor Hub -
                        your direct gateway to the latest company developments, updates, and strategic insights. By
                        joining InvestorHub, you’ll gain access to commentary from Chief Executive Officer Cheryl Maley
                        and resources designed to help you stay connected with Starpharma’s story.
                        About Starpharma
                        Starpharma (ASX: SPL, US OTC: SPHRY) is an innovative biotechnology company with two decades of experience in advancing
                        dendrimer technology from the lab to the patient. Our mission is to help patients with significant illnesses, such as cancer, achieve
                        improved health outcomes and quality of life through the application of our unique dendrimer technology.
                        Dendrimers are precise, synthetically manufactured, nanoscale molecules. Their unique properties—including their size, structure,
                        high degree of branching, polyvalency, and water solubility—are advantageous in medical and pharmaceutical applications.
                        Starpharma’s portfolio of dendrimer-based products includes three clinical-stage DEP® (dendrimer enhanced product) assets,
                        preclinical radiopharmaceutical assets, research collaborations, and three commercially marketed over-the-counter (OTC)
                        products.
                        For more information about Starpharma, visit www.starpharma.com or connect with Starpharma on LinkedIn.




                        WE Communications                     Starpharma Holdings Limited                                Disclosure




For personal use only
                        Hannah Howlett                        Cheryl Maley, Chief Executive Officer                      This ASX Announcement was
                        +61 450 648 064                       Justin Cahill, CFO and Company Secretary                   authorised for release by the
                        WE-AUStarPharma@we-                   +61 3 8532 2704                                            Board of Directors.
                        worldwide.com                         investor.relations@starpharma.com
                                                              4-6 Southampton Crescent
                                                              Abbotsford Vic 3067
                        Forward-Looking Statements

                        This document contains certain forward-looking statements, relating to Starpharma’s business, which can be identified by the use of
                        forward-looking terminology such as “promising”, “plans”, “anticipated”, “will”, “project”, “believe”, “forecast”, “expected”,
                        “estimated”, “targeting”, “aiming”, “set to”, “potential”, “seeking to”, “goal”, “could provide”, “intends”, “is being developed”,
                        “could be”, “on track”, or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential filings or marketing approvals,
                        or potential future sales of product candidates. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
                        and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
                        expressed or implied by such statements. There can be no assurance that any existing or future regulatory filings will satisfy the
                        FDA’s and other authorities’ requirements regarding any one or more product candidates, nor can there be any assurance that such
                        product candidates will be approved by any authorities for sale in any market or that they will reach any particular level of sales. In
                        particular, management’s expectations regarding the approval and commercialization of the product candidates could be affected
                        by, among other things, unexpected trial results, including additional analysis of existing data, and new data; unexpected regulatory
                        actions or delays, or government regulation generally; our ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual
                        property protection; competition in general; government, industry, and general public pricing pressures; and additional factors that
                        involve significant risks and uncertainties about our products, product candidates, financial results and business prospects. Should
                        one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary
                        materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated, or expected. Starpharma is providing this information as
                        of the date of this document and does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this
                        document as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise. Clinical case studies and other clinical
                        information given in this document are given for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily a guide to product performance
                        and no representation or warranty is made by any person as to the likelihood of achievement or reasonableness of future results.
                        Nothing contained in this document, nor any information made available to you is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise,
                        representation, warranty or guarantee as to the past, present or the future performance of any Starpharma product.




                                                                                                                                                              2
