                                          Appendix 4E: Preliminary Financial Report
                                                                  under ASX Listing Rule 4.3A


                        Current reporting period: Year ended 30 June 2023
                        Prior corresponding period: Year ended 30 June 2022

                        Results for announcement to the market
                                                                                                                        $’000

                          Revenue from continuing operations
                                                                                     Down       14%        to          $4,208
                          (Appendix 4E item 2.1)
                          Loss from continuing operations after tax
                                                                                   Down
                          attributable to members
                                                                                 (decrease)       3%       to         $15,638




For personal use only
                          (Appendix 4E item 2.2)
                          Loss for the period attributable to members              Down
                          (Appendix 4E item 2.3)                                 (decrease)       3%       to         $15,638


                        Dividends (Appendix 4E items 2.4 and 2.5)
                        No dividends have been paid or declared by the entity since the beginning of the current reporting period. No
                        dividends were paid for the previous corresponding period. No record date for determining entitlements to
                        dividends has been declared.

                        Explanation of Revenue (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        Revenue of $4,208,000 (2022: $4,899,000) for the year includes $2,938,000 for VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel®
                        product sales, royalty, licensing revenue, and research revenue from commercial partners. Interest income on
                        cash invested of $1,269,000 (2022: $217,000) is also included.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Explanation of Loss (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        The loss after tax was $15,638,000 (2022: $16,154,000) and includes research and product development
                        expenses of $11,239,000 (2022: $11,680,000) net of the Australian Government’s R&D tax incentive. Research
                        expenditures are primarily associated with the internal DEP® drug delivery programs including DEP® docetaxel,
                        DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP® irinotecan, DEP® ADCs and DEP® radiotheranostics, and the VIRALEZE™ post-market
                        clinical study.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Financial Statements (Appendix 4E items 3, 4 and 5)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Retained Earnings / Accumulated Losses (Appendix 4E item 6)
                        Refer to note 18 in the Annual Report, which follows this announcement.

                        Net Tangible Asset Backing (Appendix 4E item 9)
                        Net tangible asset (NTA) backing per ordinary share at 30 June 2023 is $0.08 (2022: $0.12).

                        Other Significant Information (Appendix 4E item 12)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Commentary on Results (Appendix 4E item 14)
                        Refer to the Annual Report, which follows this announcement, including the Operating and Financial Review in
                        the Directors’ Report.

                        Audit (Appendix 4E items 15 to 17)
                        The audit of the financial statements and notes has been completed and the Auditors’ Report to members is
                        contained in the Annual Report, which follows this announcement. The above NTA backing calculation is
                        considered a non-IFRS value and has not been audited or reviewed in accordance with Australian Accounting
                        Standards.

                        Appendix 4E items 7, 8, 10, 11, and 13 are not applicable.
                              Starpharma annual report and full-year financial results
                        Melbourne, Australia; 24 August 2023: Starpharma (ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY) today releases its
                        annual report and full-year financial results for the year ended 30 June 2023.

                        Financial Results
                        •   Strong balance sheet with cash of $35.2 million at 30 June 2023. This excludes A$6.6M received
                            from Mundipharma in August 2023, following the recent commercial settlement for VivaGel® BV.
                        •   Reported loss down 3% to $15.6M (FY22: $16.2M).
                        •   Revenue down 14% to $4.2M (FY22: $4.9M).
                        •   Starpharma received a $7.1 million R&D tax incentive refund in December 2022, with an
                            anticipated R&D tax incentive refund of $7.6 million expected in FY24.




For personal use only
                        Operational Highlights
                        •   Expanded partnerships with multinational pharmaceutical companies MSD and Genentech,
                            exploring the application of DEP® across several novel therapeutic modalities, including Antibody-
                            Drug Conjugates (ADCs).
                        •   Generated additional clinical data across our three clinical DEP® programs, including promising
                            data for DEP® cabazitaxel in patients with advanced prostate cancer, which were presented at the
                            European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress in Paris.
                        •   Completed recruitment of patients for all three in-house Phase 2 monotherapy clinical programs:
                            DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP® docetaxel, and DEP® irinotecan.
                        •   Launched VIRALEZE™ Antiviral Nasal Spray in Hong Kong and Macau through our partner
                            Hengan Group, shortly after signing a new distribution agreement for these markets.
                        •   Commenced a post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in patients with COVID-19 in the UK. The
                            study has recruited ahead of target with more than 90% of the target participants now enrolled.
                        •   Advanced two new DEP® pipeline products which demonstrated the unique benefits of the DEP®
                            platform in radiotheranostics and ADCs:
                                 o DEP® HER2-zirconium, a radiodiagnostic for HER2-positive cancers, such as breast
                                    cancer and gastric cancer; and
                                 o HER2-targeted DEP® SN38 ADC, a targeted ADC therapeutic, which outperformed leading
                                    ADC therapy Enhertu® in a HER2+ human ovarian cancer model.

                        Dr Jackie Fairley, Starpharma CEO, commented, “Starpharma made significant progress across its
                        portfolio during the 2023 financial year. Across our three Phase 2 DEP® clinical programs, which have
                        now completed recruitment in the monotherapy arms, we have seen encouraging efficacy signals and
                        reductions in multiple clinically important side effects, compared to adverse events for conventional
                        formulations of these drugs. Our trial clinicians continue to report improved patient experiences with
                        DEP® therapies. We were pleased to present data from the prostate cancer cohort of the DEP®
                        cabazitaxel trial at ESMO and look forward to releasing and presenting more data from our Phase 2
                        trials in Q3 CY23.
                        “We were delighted to expand our DEP® partnerships with leading, global companies, MSD and
                        Genentech, adding new programs of work, which are progressing well. Our antiviral nasal spray,
                        VIRALEZE™, was launched in Hong Kong and Macau, and new product registrations were achieved
                        in Indonesia and Malaysia with further applications underway. Our post-market clinical study of
                        VIRALEZE™ in people with COVID-19 is recruiting ahead of schedule, with more than 90% of
                        participants enrolled and data expected soon after completion.
                        “Starpharma remains in a very strong financial position, with cash reserves of $35.2 million at 30 June
                        2023, and the subsequent receipt of A$6.6M in August 2023, from Mundipharma, following the signing
                        of a settlement agreement related to VivaGel® BV.
                        “Looking ahead, we have a number of exciting milestones, including results from our DEP® oncology
                        trials, multiple upcoming presentations at international oncology and radiotheranostics meetings, as
                        well as results from our post-market VIRALEZE™ study. We also expect advances in our partner and
                        preclinical DEP® programs, as well as for VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® BV.”


                        Key Activities
                        DEP® Drug Delivery Programs
                        Starpharma’s Phase 2 clinical trial of DEP® cabazitaxel completed the enrolment and treatment of
                        patients, with 76 participants enrolled. Encouraging efficacy signals following treatment with DEP®
                        cabazitaxel have been observed, including significant tumour shrinkage and tumour biomarker
                        reductions, in heavily pre-treated patients with advanced cancers, including prostate, ovarian, gastro-




For personal use only
                        oesophageal, cholangiocarcinoma and head and neck cancer. In September 2022, Starpharma
                        presented promising results from the prostate cancer cohort at the European Society of Medical
                        Oncology (ESMO) Congress. Starpharma expects to report the Phase 2 results from this trial in Q3
                        CY23, with partnering discussions ongoing.
                        The Phase 2 monotherapy arm of the DEP® docetaxel trial also completed enrolment and treatment of
                        patients. 50 patients were recruited and treated with DEP® docetaxel in the monotherapy arm, and
                        encouraging efficacy signals, including prolonged stable disease and significant tumour shrinkage, have
                        been observed in heavily pre-treated patients with multiple cancer types, including pancreatic cancer,
                        gastro-oesophageal cancer, and cholangiocarcinoma. Starpharma expects to report the Phase 2 results
                        from this trial in Q3 CY23, with partnering discussions ongoing.
                        Starpharma also completed patient enrolment in the monotherapy arm of the Phase 2 clinical trial of
                        DEP® irinotecan, with 88 patients having been enrolled in the monotherapy arm. Encouraging results
                        have been seen in patients with multiple cancer types, including colorectal, platinum-resistant ovarian,
                        gastrointestinal, and breast cancer, with durable responses for up to 72 weeks. Starpharma also
                        progressed the combination arms of the DEP® irinotecan (5-FU/leucovorin) and DEP® docetaxel
                        (gemcitabine) Phase 2 trials, with final patient recruitment underway. The irinotecan plus 5-
                        FU/leucovorin combination is a standard-of-care treatment regimen for colorectal cancer.
                        In parallel with completing these Phase 2 programs, Starpharma continued to build its pipeline of DEP®
                        assets, advancing the development of two promising products in DEP® radiotheranostics and DEP®
                        ADCs. In June 2023, Starpharma announced that DEP® HER2-zirconium, a HER2-targeted
                        radiodiagnostic, demonstrated imaging benefits in a HER2+ breast cancer model. The demonstrated
                        benefits included a favourable biodistribution profile, excellent imaging contrast between tumour and
                        normal tissues, rapid uptake, and high levels of tumour accumulation.
                        In addition, Starpharma announced the development of a HER2-targeted DEP® SN38 ADC, which
                        demonstrated significant anti-tumour activity and improved survival in a HER2-positive (HER2+) human
                        ovarian cancer xenograft model, outperforming a leading HER2-ADC, Enhertu®.
                        Starpharma’s partners include some of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, such as MSD,
                        Genentech, Chase Sun and AstraZeneca. During the financial year, Starpharma expanded its DEP®
                        programs with MSD and Genentech to include new programs of work. Starpharma’s partnered
                        programs apply the Company’s DEP® platform technology to several novel therapeutic modalities,
                        including Antibody-Drug Conjugates. In late July 2023, AstraZeneca announced it had made the
                        decision to discontinue the development of AZD0466, following an internal review of its haematology
                        portfolio. AstraZeneca confirmed that the asymptomatic adverse events leading to this decision were
                        not related to the dendrimer component of AZD0466. Starpharma’s DEP® License Agreement with
                        AstraZeneca remains in effect.
                        Starpharma maintains an active business development program for the DEP® platform, with commercial
                        discussions underway in a number of areas, including DEP® radiotheranostics and DEP® ADCs. The
                        recently released positive data in both these areas feed into these discussions and will be showcased
                        at upcoming international conferences.



                                                                                                                               2
                        VIRALEZE™ Antiviral Nasal Spray
                        During the financial year, Starpharma’s antiviral nasal spray, VIRALEZE™, was launched in new
                        markets, including Hong Kong and Macau, through an extensive network of retail stores, online, and
                        other channels. The launch followed the signing of a sales and distribution agreement with Hengan
                        Group and was supported by marketing activities. Hengan is based in China, listed on the Hong Kong
                        Stock Exchange, has an annual turnover of ~A$4.5 billion and employs ~23,000 staff.
                        Marketing of VIRALEZE™ continued in multiple jurisdictions, including Hong Kong, Macau, Vietnam,
                        the UK, and Europe. During the year, Starpharma expanded its e-commerce channels in the UK,
                        making VIRALEZE™ available through a dedicated product website and Amazon UK.
                        This year, Starpharma achieved registration for VIRALEZE™ in Malaysia and Indonesia, bringing the
                        number of countries where VIRALEZE™ is registered to more than 35, and submitted regulatory
                        applications in other jurisdictions. VIRALEZE™ is not approved for use or supply in Australia. The




For personal use only
                        review by the Therapeutic Goods Agency (TGA) for the SPL7013 nasal spray as a medical device is
                        ongoing.
                        Starpharma commenced a post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in the UK in December 2022. The
                        study will provide valuable clinical data on the antiviral performance of VIRALEZE™ in COVID-19-
                        positive individuals. The study has recruited ahead of schedule, with more than 90% of participants
                        enrolled to date.
                        Starpharma presented new data on the efficacy of VIRALEZE™ against SARS-CoV-2 omicron infection
                        in an animal challenge model at the international virology conference Respi DART in December 2022.
                        These data, which were generated at Scripps Research in the US, showed that VIRALEZE™ was able
                        to eliminate the SARS-CoV-2 omicron virus by more than 99.99% in the lung and trachea of animals
                        that were exposed to the virus, even when VIRALEZE™ was administered after exposure.
                        VivaGel® Portfolio
                        Starpharma’s VivaGel® BV product continued to be marketed in multiple jurisdictions, including by
                        Starpharma’s partner Aspen in Australia and New Zealand. Marketing campaigns by partners to build
                        brand awareness and sales are ongoing, including for consumer and professional healthcare
                        audiences.
                        In August 2023, Starpharma announced it had negotiated a commercial settlement agreement with
                        Mundipharma for VivaGel® BV, which included a A$6.6M cash payment to Starpharma. Under the
                        agreement, Starpharma also regained all commercial rights to VivaGel® BV, enabling Starpharma to
                        appoint new marketing partners, with commercial interest already expressed in the product. In the US,
                        a formal dispute resolution process is ongoing with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for
                        VivaGel® BV. As part of this process, Starpharma has received extensive external advice, met the FDA
                        on multiple occasions, and made a number of submissions of data and analyses to the regulator. The
                        Company is preparing to lodge a further submission to the FDA, including precedents of other FDA
                        approvals, with the timing of lodgement governed by the publication and incorporation of relevant
                        precedent information.
                        Starpharma’s VivaGel® Condom continues to be marketed by Okamoto in Japan, with Okamoto also
                        pursuing approvals in other Asian countries.
                        Corporate
                        Ms Zita Peach retired from the Board in November 2022 after 11 years. In February 2023, Starpharma
                        welcomed medical oncologist and former senior executive Dr Russell Basser to the Board. Dr Basser
                        has substantial expertise in international drug and vaccine development, having held multiple senior
                        executive roles at CSL.
                        In April 2023, Mr Justin Cahill joined Starpharma as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Company
                        Secretary. Mr Cahill has extensive corporate finance and leadership experience in the
                        biopharmaceutical, food, and agricultural sectors with several private and ASX-listed companies,
                        including CSL. In February 2023, Starpharma appointed Ms Tracy Weimar as interim Company
                        Secretary.


                                                                                                                            3
                        In June 2023, Dr Jackie Fairley advised the Board of her intention to retire as CEO in 2024 after 17
                        years. A search process is underway and Dr Fairley, the Board, and the senior executive team are
                        working closely to ensure a seamless transition.
                        Financials
                        Starpharma concluded FY23 in a strong financial position with a cash balance of $35.2 million. Net
                        operating cash outflows for the year were $13.5 million (FY22: $13.2 million). This excludes A$6.6M
                        received from Mundipharma in August 2023 following the recent commercial settlement for VivaGel®
                        BV.
                        Revenue for FY23 was $4.2 million (FY22: $4.9 million), which included $2.9 million from VIRALEZE™
                        and VivaGel® product sales, royalties, licensing revenue, and research revenue from commercial
                        partners, as well as interest income of $1.3 million.




For personal use only
                        The FY23 loss after tax continued to trend downwards to $15.6 million (FY22: $16.2 million).
                        Expenditure included investment in research and product development associated with the internal
                        DEP® drug delivery programs, including Starpharma’s clinical-stage products, DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP®
                        docetaxel, DEP® irinotecan, which have now largely completed recruitment, as well as DEP® ADCs,
                        and DEP® radiotheranostics, and the post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™.
                        Starpharma received a $7.1 million R&D tax incentive refund in December 2022, with an anticipated
                        R&D tax incentive refund of $7.6 million expected in FY24.


                        About Starpharma
                        Starpharma Holdings Limited (ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY) is a world leader in dendrimer technology for medical applications.
                        As an innovative Australian biopharmaceutical company, Starpharma is focussed on developing and commercialising novel
                        therapeutic products that address significant global healthcare needs. Starpharma boasts a strong portfolio of products,
                        partnerships, and intellectual property.
                        Starpharma’s innovative technology is based on proprietary polymers called dendrimers, which are precise, synthetically
                        manufactured, nanoscale molecules. The unique properties of dendrimers – including their size, structure, high degree of
                        branching, polyvalency, and water solubility – are advantageous in medical and pharmaceutical applications.
                        Starpharma uses its dendrimer technology to develop novel therapeutics and to improve the performance of existing
                        pharmaceuticals. Starpharma’s portfolio includes multiple clinical-stage oncology products, which utilise its Dendrimer Enhanced
                        Product (‘DEP®’) drug delivery technology, and marketed products, including VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® BV, which utilise
                        SPL7013, a proprietary dendrimer with antimicrobial properties.
                        Starpharma’s DEP® drug delivery platform is being used to enhance the effectiveness of existing and novel therapies and to
                        reduce drug-related toxicities through controlled and specified drug delivery.
                        In addition to Starpharma’s internal DEP® programs, Starpharma has multiple DEP® partnerships with international
                        biopharmaceutical companies, including AstraZeneca (oncology); MSD (Antibody-Drug Conjugates); Chase Sun (anti-infectives);
                        and other world-leading pharmaceutical companies. Due to the broad applicability and optionality of Starpharma’s DEP® platform,
                        partnered DEP® programs have the potential to generate significant future milestones and royalties.
                        Starpharma’s topical antiviral nasal spray, VIRALEZE™, is now registered in more than 35 countries*, including Europe, the UK,
                        and Asia. Starpharma’s novel non-antibiotic vaginal gel, VivaGel® BV, for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis (BV) and prevention
                        of recurrent BV, is registered in more than 50 countries, including in the UK, Europe, Southeast Asia, South Africa, Australia and
                        New Zealand.
                        For more information about Starpharma, visit www.starpharma.com or connect with Starpharma on LinkedIn.




                        Media: Sumit Media                    Starpharma Holdings Limited                              Disclosure
                        Grant Titmus                          Dr Jackie Fairley, Chief Executive Officer               This ASX Announcement was
                        Mob: +61 419 388 161                  Justin Cahill, CFO and Company Secretary                 authorised for release by the
                        grant@sumitmedia.com.au               +61 3 8532 2704                                          Board of Directors.
                                                              investor.relations@starpharma.com
                                                              4-6 Southampton Crescent
                                                              Abbotsford Vic 3067




                                                                                                                                                        4
                        Forward Looking Statements
                        This document contains certain forward-looking statements, relating to Starpharma’s business, which can be identified by the use of
                        forward-looking terminology such as “promising”, “plans”, “anticipated”, “will”, “project”, “believe”, “forecast”, “expected”, “estimated”,
                        “targeting”, “aiming”, “set to”, “potential”, “seeking to”, “goal”, “could provide”, “intends”, “is being developed”, “could be”, “on track”,
                        “outlook”, or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential filings or marketing approvals, or potential future
                        sales of product candidates. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
                        cause actual results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
                        statements. There can be no assurance that any existing or future regulatory filings will satisfy the FDA’s and other authorities’
                        requirements regarding any one or more product candidates nor can there be any assurance that such product candidates will be approved
                        by any authorities for sale in any market or that they will reach any particular level of sales. In particular, management’s expectations
                        regarding the approval and commercialization of the product candidates could be affected by, among other things, unexpected trial results,
                        including additional analysis of existing data, and new data; unexpected regulatory actions or delays, or government regulation generally;
                        our ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection; competition in general; government, industry,
                        and general public pricing pressures; and additional factors that involve significant risks and uncertainties about our products, product
                        candidates, financial results and business prospects. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
                        assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or
                        expected. Starpharma is providing this information as of the date of this document and does not assume any obligation to update any
                        forward-looking statements contained in this document as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise. Clinical




For personal use only
                        case studies and other clinical information given in this document are given for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily a guide
                        to product performance and no representation or warranty is made by any person as to the likelihood of achievement or reasonableness
                        of future results. Nothing contained in this document nor any information made available to you is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise,
                        representation, warranty or guarantee as to the past, present or the future performance of any Starpharma product.




                                                                                                                                                                     5
                For personal use only




Annual Report

2023
                        Contents



                        Highlights                                   01
                                                                            Starpharma is a world leader in
                                                                            dendrimer technology for medical
                        Chairman’s Report                           02      applications. As an innovative
                                                                            Australian biopharmaceutical
                        Chief Executive Officer’s Report            04      company, Starpharma is focussed
                        Enhancing Global Healthcare                         on developing and commercialising
                        with Improved Medicines                     06      novel therapeutic products that
                        Rethinking the Science Behind                       address significant global healthcare
                        Oncology Treatments                         07      needs. Starpharma boasts a strong




For personal use only
                        Driving Innovation Through Strategic                portfolio of products, partnerships,
                        Partnerships with Leading Global                    and intellectual property.
                        Companies                                    13

                        Creating Medical Innovations That
                        Make a Difference Worldwide                  14


                        Environment, Social and Governance           16


                        3-Year Financial Summary                     18


                        Directors’ Report                           20


                        Remuneration Report                         33


                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration          62


                        Annual Financial Report                     63


                        Independent Auditor’s Report                96


                        Shareholder Information                     101


                        Intellectual Property Report                103


                        Corporate Directory                         105




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited    ABN 20 078 532 180
                        Highlights



                                                                                                            Presented promising
                                                                                                            new clinical data on
                                                                                                            DEP® cabazitaxel in
                              Expanded partnership with                 Expanded partnership with           patients with advanced
                              multinational pharmaceutical              leading biotech, Genentech,         prostate cancer at the
                              company, MSD, to explore the              applying Starpharma’s DEP®          2022 European Society
                              anti-cancer properties of DEP®            platform to a number of novel       of Medical Oncology
                              Antibody-Drug Conjugates.                 therapeutic modalities.             (ESMO) Congress.



                              Launched VIRALEZE™
                              antiviral nasal spray
                              in Hong Kong and




For personal use only
                              Macau through our                         Commenced recruitment
                              new commercial                            in the UK for a post-market
                              partner, Hengan,                          clinical study of VIRALEZE™         New registrations were achieved
                              shortly after entering                    nasal spray in patients with        for VIRALEZE™ nasal spray in
                              a distribution                            recently diagnosed COVID-19.        Indonesia and Malaysia, bringing
                              agreement.                                The study has since recruited       the number of countries where
                                                                        more than 90% of the target         VIRALEZE™ is registered to more
                                                                        participants.                       than 35 globally.



                                                                                                            Newly developed internal DEP®
                              Completed recruitment of                  DEP® HER2-zirconium, a              Antibody-Drug Conjugate,
                              patients for all three in-house           HER2-targeted radiodiagnostic       HER2-targeted DEP® SN38,
                              Phase 2 monotherapy clinical              developed by Starpharma,            demonstrated significant anti-
                              trials: DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP®            demonstrated imaging benefits       tumour activity in a HER2+ human
                              docetaxel, and DEP® irinotecan.           in a HER2+ breast cancer model.     ovarian cancer model.




                              Data on DEP® based AZD0466
                              presented by AstraZeneca                                                      In recognition of
                              at three international cancer             Experienced executive and           Starpharma’s positive
                              research conferences, including           oncologist Dr Russell Basser        workplace and
                              impressive preclinical data in small      appointed to Starpharma’s           company culture,
                              cell lung cancer at the American          Board, and Justin Cahill            we were awarded
                              Association for Cancer Research           appointed Chief Financial Officer   Great Place to Work®
                              (AACR) Annual Meeting.                    and Company Secretary.              certification.



                                                                                                            Received a $7.1 million
                                                                                                            research and development
                                                                                                            (R&D) tax incentive refund
                                                                                                            in December 2022.




                                                                     Starpharma Holdings Limited                            Annual Report 2023   01
                        Chairman’s Report



                                                                    Starpharma’s dendrimer platform continues
                                                                    to demonstrate outstanding versatility
                                                                    and optionality across its internal and
                                                                    partnered programs.
                                                                    Rob Thomas AO
                                                                    Starpharma Chairman




For personal use only
                        On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am   and several anti-infective products          clinical trial at the European Society of
                        pleased to present Starpharma’s 2023        in the market. The importance of this        Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress
                        Annual Report to fellow shareholders.       portfolio approach is even more              in September 2022, and we expect
                                                                    apparent with the recent developments.       to report top-line results for both
                        First, let me acknowledge the
                                                                                                                 the Phase 2 DEP® cabazitaxel and
                        disappointing share price performance       During the 2022-23 financial year,
                                                                                                                 DEP® docetaxel (monotherapy)
                        that has significantly impacted our         we were delighted to expand our
                                                                                                                 trials in Q3 CY23. We will also present
                        shareholders. The biotechnology             international presence, achieving
                                                                                                                 our clinical results at upcoming
                        industry has been extraordinarily           new registrations and launches for
                                                                                                                 international conferences.
                        difficult globally and we have not          our marketed products, VIRALEZE™
                        been immune to these sector-wide            Antiviral Nasal Spray and VivaGel® BV.       Our Phase 2 clinical trials of DEP®
                        pressures. Our share price suffered                                                      docetaxel in combination with
                                                                    Starpharma’s dendrimer platform
                        disproportionately following                                                             gemcitabine, and DEP® irinotecan
                                                                    technology continues to demonstrate
                        AstraZeneca’s recent decision                                                            in combination with 5-FU/leucovorin
                                                                    outstanding versatility and optionality,
                        regarding the AZD0466 development.                                                       continue enrolling patients and are
                                                                    reflected in the diversity of our clinical
                        While such setbacks are not unexpected                                                   nearing completion.
                                                                    programs and global partnerships.
                        in our industry, AstraZeneca’s decision
                                                                                                                 Alongside these clinical advancements,
                        did not relate to Starpharma’s dendrimer    Our dendrimer enhanced product
                                                                                                                 we also reported exciting results
                        platform and it has no impact on our        (‘DEP®’) portfolio is strongly validated
                                                                                                                 for a DEP® radiodiagnostic imaging
                        other partnerships or internal DEP®         through our internal clinical programs
                                                                                                                 candidate and a new DEP® ADC
                        programs. Notwithstanding this,             and collaborative research with
                                                                                                                 candidate – both of which target the
                        the Board and management are very           partners. Rethinking the science behind
                                                                                                                 HER2 receptor that is prevalent in
                        focused on improving shareholder            conventional chemotherapeutics and
                                                                                                                 many cancers, particularly breast
                        returns. Assisting us in this endeavour     novel approaches to oncology, such
                                                                                                                 and gastric cancers.
                        is a strong cash position, further          as Antibody-Drug Conjugates and
                        strengthened with the receipt of            radiotheranostics, is central to what        Our DEP® partnerships with MSD,
                        A$6.6 million from Mundipharma in           Starpharma’s scientists aim for              Genentech, Chase Sun, and
                        August 2023. Starpharma’s strong            every day.                                   AstraZeneca are also key drivers
                        balance sheet position excludes any                                                      of Starpharma’s DEP® portfolio.
                                                                    A key milestone achieved this year was
                        licensing transactions from either our
                                                                    the completion of the recruitment and        AstraZeneca presented exciting
                        own internal drug candidates or existing
                                                                    treatment of patients for all three of our   clinical and nonclinical data on
                        multiple global partnerships.
                                                                    internal monotherapy clinical trials –       AZD0466 throughout the year at
                        Underpinning Starpharma is our              DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP® docetaxel,            several international cancer research
                        steadfast pursuit to improve patient        and DEP® irinotecan.                         conferences, including in small cell
                        health worldwide, with innovation                                                        lung cancer. Although AstraZeneca
                                                                    We have already seen promising
                        driving our people and products.                                                         decided to discontinue the
                                                                    responses in patients across these
                        We remain committed to bringing high-                                                    development of AZD0466, prompted
                                                                    trials, including longer progression-
                        quality healthcare products to patients                                                  by a small number of asymptomatic
                                                                    free survival, significant tumour
                        and global markets, with a focus on                                                      adverse events in haematological
                                                                    shrinkage, and an improved safety
                        cancer treatments.                                                                       cancer trials, Starpharma’s multi-
                                                                    profile compared to published data
                                                                                                                 product DEP® Licence Agreement
                        Our Company prides itself on having         on the original formulations of these
                                                                                                                 with AstraZeneca remains on foot.
                        a strong portfolio of high-calibre          oncology drugs.
                                                                                                                 We note that these events were unrelated
                        partnerships with multinational
                                                                    We were pleased to present additional        to Starpharma’s dendrimer drug delivery
                        pharmaceutical companies, multiple
                                                                    interim results from the prostate cancer     technology. Interest in our dendrimer
                        oncology drugs under development,
                                                                    cohort of the Phase 2 DEP® cabazitaxel       platform continues unabated.



          02            Annual Report 2023                                 Starpharma Holdings Limited
For personal use only
                        Starpharma’s DEP®-related                    Our company prides itself on having a deep
                        collaborations with MSD and
                        Genentech involve researching                portfolio of leading partnerships with global
                        and developing dendrimer-drug
                        candidates, including oncology
                                                                     pharmaceutical companies, multiple oncology
                        therapeutics and ADCs. Our current           drugs under development, and several anti-
                        programs with these companies were
                        expanded during the year.                    infective products in the market.
                        As with our internal programs, the
                        versatility and breadth of application
                        of our dendrimer technology platform      teamwork, superior performance,              organisation with a strong portfolio of
                        are invaluable for our partners.          innovation, integrity, and accountability.   products, multiple global partnerships,
                                                                  Our ESG Report 2023 has been released        clinical and pre-clinical assets, and
                        And our impact does not stop at           in parallel with our Annual Report and we    deep intellectual property. Jackie will
                        oncology. Over the past year, we          encourage shareholders to review it.         continue in the role until a successor
                        have continued to increase the                                                         is ready to commence – ensuring
                        global footprint of our proprietary       In recognition of our team’s positive
                                                                                                               leadership and continuity over the
                        anti-infective dendrimer ‘SPL7013’        workplace and company culture,
                                                                                                               transition period.
                        through new registrations and product     we were delighted to achieve Great
                        launches. VIRALEZE™, an antiviral nasal   Place to Work® certification for the         This year has clearly been challenging
                        spray for respiratory viruses, is now     2022-23 period.                              and I thank all of our staff and our Board
                        registered in more than 35 countries;                                                  for their commitment. We look forward
                                                                  We welcomed Dr Russell Basser to
                        and VivaGel® BV, a non-antibiotic gel                                                  to 2024 and the milestones ahead
                                                                  our Board as a non-executive director
                        for the treatment and prevention of                                                    including results from our multiple
                                                                  and thanked Ms Zita Peach, non-
                        bacterial vaginosis, is registered in                                                  oncology products, expanding
                                                                  executive director, for her service
                        more than 50 countries. VivaGel® BV                                                    portfolio of commercial partnerships,
                                                                  at last year’s annual shareholder
                        is an Australian innovation that has                                                   and revenue growth.
                                                                  meeting in November 2022. Zita made
                        the potential to reduce antibiotic use.   an outstanding contribution to the           Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would
                        Revenue growth for these consumer         board over 11 years.                         like to sincerely thank all our shareholders
                        products has yet to reflect the                                                        for their patience, the participants
                                                                  We also welcomed Mr Justin Cahill as
                        significant number of countries                                                        in our trials, our customers, and our
                                                                  Chief Financial Officer and Company
                        where they are registered; however,                                                    business partners.
                                                                  Secretary in April 2023, after Mr Nigel
                        correcting this imbalance will be of      Baade stepped down from the role             Starpharma remains resolutely focused
                        particular focus going forward.           in early 2023. We thank Nigel for his        on our pursuit of innovation to create
                        Starpharma continued progressing          dedication to Starpharma over 17 years.      a brighter and healthier future for
                        with its Environmental, Social and                                                     individuals and communities worldwide.
                                                                  Our Chief Executive Officer, Dr Jackie
                        Governance (ESG) principles and           Fairley, announced her intention to
                        framework this year, guided by our        retire in 2024 after 17 years with the
                        genuine commitment to products and        Company. I would like to sincerely thank
                        patient health, minimising our impact     Jackie, on behalf of the Board, for her
                        on the environment, supporting our                                                     Rob Thomas AO
                                                                  vision, leadership, drive, and immense
                        people, and operating with good                                                        Starpharma Chairman
                                                                  contribution throughout her time with
                        governance. Our ESG framework is          Starpharma. Under her leadership
                        based on our shared core values of        and guidance, we have built a mature




                                                                         Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023     03
                        Chief Executive Officer’s Report



                                                                  Starpharma remains in a very strong position
                                                                  with a wide range of valuable assets, multiple
                                                                  global pharmaceutical partnerships, and a
                                                                  strong cash balance.
                                                                  Dr Jackie Fairley
                                                                  Chief Executive Officer




For personal use only
                        Starpharma made significant progress      of the drugs upon which our products
                        across its portfolio during the 2023      are based. For instance, our DEP®
                        financial year. The Company remains       cabazitaxel treatment resulted in
                        in a very strong position with a wide     a longer progression-free survival
                        range of valuable assets and multiple     (PFS) by ~30%, as well as substantial
                        global pharmaceutical partnerships.       reductions in problematic side effects,
                        Starpharma boasts a substantial           such as myelosuppression, compared
                        cash reserve of $35.2 million (as at      to published data on Jevtana®.
                        30 June 2023), ensuring funding to
                        drive forward our product development     DEP® irinotecan also showed significant
                        and commercialisation strategies.         advantages in both the monotherapy         sharing to develop dendrimer-based
                                                                  and combination cohorts. Clinical          pharmaceuticals in a number of areas,
                        Our team has remained steadfast           investigators from multiple sites have     including oncology and Antibody-
                        and demonstrated an unwavering            expressed how impressed they are with      Drug Conjugates (ADCs). Having these
                        commitment to developing medical          Starpharma's DEP® formulation, which       partnerships with some of the world’s
                        products that positively impact           they found to offer better tolerability    largest pharmaceutical companies is a
                        people's lives.                           and fewer severe side effects in           testament to the high regard for
                                                                  patients, compared to the experience       and value of our DEP® technology.
                        Our dendrimer platform is the             with standard irinotecan.
                        cornerstone of all our products and                                                  We were delighted to expand our
                        programs, including both the DEP® drug    In all three trials, we observed           partnered DEP® programs with both
                        delivery and anti-infective portfolios.   encouraging efficacy results in treating   MSD and Genentech during the financial
                        We utilise this technology to create      patients with a range of cancer types,     year, adding new programs of work,
                        and market novel products that benefit    including prostate, ovarian, and breast    which continue to progress well.
                        patients, healthcare professionals,       cancers. Typically, patients who
                        commercial partners and shareholders.     underwent treatment in these trials were   Disappointingly, AstraZeneca recently
                                                                  very heavily pre-treated and progressed    advised us of its decision to discontinue
                        Starpharma's DEP® platform is a           following several previous treatments.     the development of AZD0466, following
                        dendrimer-based drug delivery                                                        an internal review of a small number of
                        technology that enhances the              Starpharma expects to report results       asymptomatic adverse events reported
                        efficacy, safety and targeted delivery    from the DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP®         in its two clinical trials evaluating
                        of various pharmaceuticals. The           docetaxel monotherapy Phase 2 trials       AZD0466 in haematological indications.
                        technology provides significant           in Q3 CY23. While finalising the
                        optionality and immense potential         enrolment, treatment and analyses          Importantly, these adverse events
                        to improve treatments, particularly in    of clinical trial results, we are also     were unrelated to Starpharma’s
                        cancer, by optimising drug properties     engaging in commercial partnership         dendrimer technology and were
                        and enabling targeted therapy.            discussions for our three DEP®             isolated to the three highest dose
                                                                  products consistent with Starpharma's      groups in the trials, remembering the
                        During FY23, our three internally         DEP® commercialisation strategy.           DEP® technology was needed for
                        developed clinical-stage DEP®                                                        this product due to the inherent toxicity
                        assets made significant progress,         Partnerships are a key part of             of the original, non-dendrimer version
                        with the monotherapy components           Starpharma’s strategy, and we were         of the BCL-2/xL inhibitor. Starpharma’s
                        now complete for all three products.      delighted with the progress achieved       multi-product DEP® Licence Agreement
                        Across our clinical programs, we          this financial year. Our collaborations    with AstraZeneca remains in effect
                        have seen encouraging indications         with major pharmaceutical companies,       and the Company looks forward to
                        of efficacy and decreases in key side     including MSD, Genentech, Chase            an ongoing and positive relationship
                        effects compared to reported adverse      Sun, and AstraZeneca, typically involve    with AstraZeneca.
                        events for conventional formulations      research, funding and knowledge


          04            Annual Report 2023                               Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                              The Phase 2 trial of DEP® irinotecan
                                              showed significant advancements.
                                              Clinical investigators from multiple sites have
                                              expressed how impressed they are with Starpharma’s
                                              DEP® formulation.




For personal use only
                        We have also made great strides in our         Partnerships are a key
                        in-house research and development
                        programs for radiotheranostics and             part of Starpharma’s
                        ADCs. We were excited to announce
                        key data for two new DEP® candidates:
                                                                       strategy, and we were
                        DEP® HER2-zirconium, a DEP® HER2-              delighted with the
                        targeted radiodiagnostic candidate
                        and a HER2-targeted DEP® SN38                  progress achieved
                        ADC. Both have shown excellent
                        performance in preclinical models,             this financial year.
                        further demonstrating the broad utility
                        and widespread benefits of our DEP®
                                                                    We continue working with our
                        technology. Both candidates provide
                                                                    VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® BV partners
                        a compelling rationale for further
                                                                    to increase brand awareness and sales
                        development in these exciting areas.
                                                                    in their respective regions. We were
                        As well as its encouraging results          pleased to receive A$6.6 million from
                        across multiple oncology approaches,        Mundipharma in August 2023, as part of
                        including chemotherapeutics, ADCs           a VivaGel® BV settlement agreement.
                        and radiotheranostics, Starpharma’s
                                                                    Having announced my intention to
                        DEP® platform has demonstrated
                                                                    retire in 2024, this will be my last Annual
                        versatile applicability in non-oncology
                                                                    Report with Starpharma. I would like
                        molecules such as anti-infectives.
                                                                    to take this opportunity to thank our
                        The Company has a deep intellectual
                                                                    shareholders, the Executive team,
                        property portfolio and continues
                                                                    our Chair, Rob Thomas, my fellow
                        to expand the applications of its
                                                                    Directors, and all our dedicated staff        Starpharma’s highly skilled and
                        dendrimer platform and create new
                                                                    for their support throughout my time          motivated team is well-placed to
                        product candidates. Our recent
                                                                    as CEO. I am extremely proud of the           capitalise on these upcoming catalysts,
                        progress in ADCs and radiotheranostics
                                                                    products we have developed together           as we advance our current clinical
                        is a testament to this strategy.
                                                                    at Starpharma, which have had a               assets and commercial partnerships.
                        While continuing to advance our             positive impact on many patients’ lives.
                                                                    I believe the Company's programs              The Company’s future is extremely
                        DEP® portfolio, Starpharma is also
                                                                    and commercial partnerships will              bright and full of exciting opportunities.
                        pursuing further product registrations
                        and marketing partnerships for our          continue to thrive and deliver
                                                                                                                  Thank you, and I trust you will enjoy
                        anti-infective products – including         significant outcomes for patients
                                                                                                                  reading about Starpharma’s progress
                        VIRALEZE™ Antiviral Nasal Spray and         and commercial returns for all
                                                                                                                  in this report.
                        VivaGel® BV.                                stakeholders into the future.

                        Over the past financial year, VIRALEZE™     Looking ahead, we have several
                        has launched in Hong Kong and Macau,        significant catalysts on the horizon.
                        and new registrations have been             These include results and presentations
                        obtained in Indonesia and Malaysia.         from our oncology trials and the post-        Dr Jackie Fairley
                        A post-market clinical study commenced      market clinical study of VIRALEZE™.           Chief Executive Officer
                        and is currently evaluating the antiviral   Along with these results, we are also
                        performance of VIRALEZE™ in people          anticipating a number of advances and
                        with COVID-19. The study is progressing     milestones in our partner programs.
                        ahead of schedule, with more than 90%
                        of participants enrolled to date.

                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023   05
                        Enhancing Global Healthcare
                        with Improved Medicines

                        Our Portfolio                              Developers of products, clinicians and         By leveraging our proprietary
                                                                   patients seek therapies and medical            dendrimer technology, Starpharma
                        Starpharma’s technology is based           products that are more effective, less         strives to create innovative healthcare
                        on dendrimers, which are highly            toxic, more precisely targeted, and            solutions that are both commercially
                        customisable and precisely engineered      better tolerated.                              attractive and beneficial to patients
                        polymers that can be tailored for a                                                       and healthcare providers.
                        wide range of applications across          Starpharma’s dendrimers possess
                        pharmaceuticals and medical products       unique characteristics such as their           Starpharma invests in R&D to advance
                        to achieve novel solutions and better      flexible size, highly branched structure,      and develop commercial applications
                        therapeutic outcomes for patients.         polyvalency, stability, and water              of its dendrimer technology and
                                                                   solubility, which can be used to create        novel products. In parallel, the
                                                                   more precise therapies using existing          Company collaborates with global
                                        Dendrimer                  or novel drugs and an array of targeting       pharmaceutical companies to develop
                                                                   agents, leading to products with highly        and commercialise products that utilise




For personal use only
                                                                   beneficial outcomes in medical and             its dendrimer technology in return for
                                                                   pharmaceutical applications.                   licensing income and research funding.
                                                                                                                  These collaborations also involve
                                                                                                                  leveraging joint research and sharing
                                                                                                                  of knowledge and expertise.



                         DEP® pipeline

                         Products                        Target indication                    Preclinical          Phase 1             Phase 2

                         DEP® cabazitaxel                Prostate and other cancers            Phase 2 complete


                         DEP® irinotecan                 Colorectal and other cancers          Phase 2 monotherapy complete


                         DEP® docetaxel                  Pancreatic and other cancers          Phase 2 monotherapy complete


                         DEP® gemcitabine                Solid cancers


                         DEP® HER-2 ADC                  Solid cancers


                         DEP® HER-2 radiotherapy         Solid cancers


                         DEP® HER-2 radiodiagnostic      Diagnostic



                         Partnerships                    Various



                         Commercialised products

                         VIRALEZE™ Antiviral               VivaGel® BV                                         VivaGel® Condom
                         Nasal Spray




          06            Annual Report 2023                                Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Rethinking the Science Behind
                        Oncology Treatments

                        DEP® Drug Delivery Platform                  Benefits of our DEP® Platform                  pipeline including DEP® Antibody-
                                                                     Starpharma’s DEP® technology is                Drug Conjugates (ADCs) and DEP®
                        Starpharma has developed a unique
                                                                     highly versatile and flexible in               radiotheranostic products.
                        and valuable delivery platform known as
                        DEP® (Dendrimer Enhanced Product),           application, enabling the Company
                        which utilises dendrimers to improve the     to target a wide range of therapeutic          “We have made significant progress
                        effectiveness and safety of conventional     modalities, including small molecules,          in our DEP® clinical programs this
                        and new drugs. DEP® has been widely          peptides, proteins, and nucleic acids,          year, completing recruitment in the
                        applied in oncology, but also has            such as mRNA.                                   monotherapy arms of all three in-house
                        application to other classes of drugs,                                                       clinical trials. The oncologists involved
                        such as anti-infectives and antivirals.      Internal DEP® Programs                          in these studies continue to provide
                        DEP® opens new possibilities for more                                                        positive feedback, and the interim
                                                                     Starpharma has developed an                     results are highly encouraging.
                        controlled and precisely targeted drug
                                                                     impressive pipeline of novel DEP®               We developed these products to
                        delivery, increasing therapeutic and
                                                                     oncology assets. Its clinical-stage             improve the performance of available




For personal use only
                        commercial opportunities and creating
                                                                     assets: DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP®                  drugs and demonstrate the benefits
                        significant optionality. Additionally, the
                                                                     docetaxel and DEP® irinotecan, are              of our dendrimer platform. We look
                        use of DEP® technology can create new
                                                                     improved versions of commonly used              forward to releasing more data from
                        intellectual property and an extended
                                                                     chemotherapeutic drugs that have                our Phase 2 DEP® trials.”
                        patent life for value-added versions of
                                                                     demonstrated improved anti-cancer
                        existing drugs.
                                                                     effects and safety profiles. Additionally,
                                                                     Starpharma has a promising preclinical         Dr Jeremy Paull, Vice President of
                                                                                                                    Development and Regulatory Affairs




                                                                                                          Improved Safety/Reduced
                                                                                                          Side Effects
                                                                                                          Control release kinetics of drug to reduce
                                                                                                          Cmax related toxicities


                                                                                                          Improved Efficacy/Performance
                                                                                                          DEP® achieves drug targeting, improved PK
                                                                                                          and controlled release


                                                                                                          New IP/Extended Patent Life
                                                                                                          DEP® creates new intellectual property and
                                                                                                          extends patent life


                                                                                                          Tumour Targeting
                                                                                                          DEP® delivers 40-70x more drug in tumour
                                                                                                          cf. the original drug


                                                                                                          Improved PK and Half-Life
                                                                                                          Tuning of drug release and plasma half-life
                                                                                                          to improve performance


                                                                                                          Improved Solubility
                                                                                                          Highly water-soluble, removing the need
                                                                                                          for toxic excipients


                                                                                                          Broad Applicability
                                                                                                          Applicable to a wide range of therapeutic areas
                                                                                                          and treatment modalities (e.g., radiotheranostics,
                                                                                                          ADCS); DEP® is potentially applicable to ~70%
                                                                                                          of the top 200 pharmaceuticals (by sales)




                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     Annual Report 2023   07
                        Rethinking the Science Behind
                        Oncology Treatments continued

                        Clinical DEP® Programs

                        DEP® cabazitaxel




                                                                                                               30%+
                        DEP® cabazitaxel is a patented nanoparticle formulation of
                        the drug cabazitaxel, which is commonly used to treat prostate
                        cancer under the tradename Jevtana®. Unlike conventional
                        cabazitaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel is highly water-soluble and
                        does not contain toxic excipients that can cause anaphylaxis,                          DEP® cabazitaxel showed 30% longer
                        so patients do not need to be pre-medicated with steroids                              progression-free survival and a lower
                        or antihistamines when using DEP® cabazitaxel.                                         incidence of side effects than standard
                                                                                                               cabazitaxel in prostate cancer patients.




For personal use only
                        Starpharma completed recruitment and         including longer progression-free         hypersensitivity reactions, and steroid
                        patient treatment for the Phase 2 clinical   survival (PFS) and reduced incidence      pre-medication was not required,
                        trial of DEP® cabazitaxel during the         of key side effects compared to           unlike standard cabazitaxel. Only two
                        financial year. 76 patients participated     conventional cabazitaxel (Jevtana®).      DEP® cabazitaxel mCRPC patients
                        in the Phase 2 DEP® cabazitaxel                                                        needed prophylactic G-CSF, which
                        trial, receiving treatment at leading        DEP® cabazitaxel demonstrated a
                                                                                                               is commonly necessary for prostate
                        oncology units in the UK and Australia.      median PFS of 3.9 months, over 30%
                                                                                                               cancer patients treated with Jevtana®.
                                                                     longer than the reported 2.9 months
                                                                                                               The key efficacy and safety measures
                        Starpharma presented its preliminary         for standard cabazitaxel. Additionally,
                                                                                                               are reported in the adjacent table.
                        findings from the prostate cancer            mCRPC patients who received DEP®
                        cohort of the Phase 2 trial of DEP®          cabazitaxel had a significantly lower     The Starpharma team and its specialist
                        cabazitaxel at the European Society of       incidence of severe (Grade 3 or 4)        clinical research organisation (CRO)
                        Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress             treatment-related adverse events          are finalising the patient data
                        in September 2022. The preliminary           (7.5%) compared to published data         set and quality control procedures.
                        findings indicated several benefits for      on standard cabazitaxel (39.7%).          The Company anticipates reporting
                        patients with metastatic castration-         None of the DEP® cabazitaxel treated      top-line results from the Phase 2
                        resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC),           mCRPC patients experienced severe         clinical trial in Q3 CY23, subject to final
                                                                                                               data verification and review. In parallel,
                                                                                                               Starpharma is also engaged in
                         Key interim efficacy and safety findings for               DEP®        Jevtana®1†*    licensing activities and discussions
                         DEP® cabazitaxel in prostate cancer,                    cabazitaxel    (20 mg/m2)     with potential commercial partners
                         compared with published Jevtana®1 data                  (20 mg/m2)                    for DEP® cabazitaxel.

                                        Longer progression-free survival
                                                                                 3.9 months     2.9 months
                                        (PFS) (median)
                                                                                                               PFS = Composite endpoint from date of
                         Key efficacy   PSA Reduction ≥ 50%                        52.4%           29.5%       randomisation to date of first tumour progression,
                                                                                                               PSA progression, or death. Note that the Jevtana®
                         measures       Partial Response#                          18.2%           18.5%       studies also included pain progression.
                                                                                                               DEP® cabazitaxel N=25; Jevtana® N=580
                                                                                                   Not
                                        Improved/stable Bone Disease               83.3%                       1. Eisenberger et al., PROSELICA. J Clin Oncol,
                                                                                                 reported
                                                                                                                  2017, 35(28):3198-206.
                                        Fewer grade 3/4 Treatment-Related                                      # Partial Response: ≥30% reduction in
                         Key safety                                                 7.5%           39.7%         measurable target tumour size.
                                        Adverse Events
                         measures                                                                              * Intent-to-treat population.
                                        Less neutropenia ≥ Grade 3                 16.0%           41.8%       † Safety population (received at least one dose).




          08            Annual Report 2023                                  Starpharma Holdings Limited
For personal use only
                        DEP® docetaxel


                        DEP® docetaxel is a patented, dendrimer nanoparticle version of the anti-cancer
                        drug, docetaxel, which is marketed as Taxotere®. Docetaxel is widely used to treat
                        breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and prostate cancer. It is prescribed
                        despite carrying a US FDA “Black box” warning for severe neutropenia and severe
                        hypersensitivity reactions, including anaphylaxis, resulting from the detergent
                        polysorbate 80, used in its formulation.


                        In contrast, Starpharma's DEP®               During the trial, encouraging efficacy     Severe hypersensitivity/anaphylaxis
                        docetaxel is water-soluble and               signals have been observed in              and neutropenia are serious toxicities
                        detergent-free. This formulation helps       patients with pancreatic cancer,           associated with conventional
                        to avoid hypersensitivity reactions,         gastro-oesophageal cancer, and             docetaxel – both of which can be
                        including anaphylaxis that occur with        cholangiocarcinoma, including              dose-limiting and potentially fatal.
                        the marketed formulation. Because            prolonged stable disease and
                        it does not contain the detergent            significant tumour shrinkage. It is        Starpharma is continuing final patient
                        polysorbate 80, patients undergoing          worth noting that patients in this trial   recruitment for the DEP® docetaxel
                        DEP® docetaxel treatment do not              had limited treatment options having       and gemcitabine combination arm,
                        need to be pre-medicated with                already undergone multiple failed          and the Company anticipates
                        steroids or antihistamines.                  treatments, including taxanes.             releasing the Phase 2 DEP® docetaxel
                                                                                                                monotherapy data in Q3 CY23.
                        Starpharma’s DEP® docetaxel clinical         Patients treated with DEP® docetaxel       In parallel, Starpharma is involved in
                        program includes a monotherapy               did not experience any hypersensitivity    licensing discussions and activities
                        arm and two combination arms.                reactions, including anaphylaxis.          for DEP® docetaxel along with our
                        The Company completed enrolling              Furthermore, compared with                 other two clinical oncology products,
                        and treating patients in the monotherapy     conventional docetaxel, there have         DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan.
                        arm during FY23, with a total of 50          been notably fewer common side
                        patients having participated in this         effects, such as hair loss, mouth
                        arm.The combination arms comprise            ulcers, and oedema. Bone marrow
                        the completed DEP® docetaxel plus            toxicity, specifically neutropenia,
                        nintedanib arm for lung cancer and           was also less frequent and less severe.
                        the ongoing DEP® docetaxel plus
                        gemcitabine arm, which is currently
                        focused on pancreatic cancer.




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                              Annual Report 2023   09
                        Rethinking the Science Behind
                        Oncology Treatments continued

                        DEP® irinotecan


                        DEP® irinotecan is a patented nanoparticle formulation of
                        SN38, the biologically active metabolite of the drug irinotecan,                        Patient case study:
                        which is widely used in cancer therapy, especially in colorectal                        71-year-old woman
                        cancer, and marketed as Camptosar®. Unlike conventional                                 with heavily pre-treated,
                        irinotecan, DEP® irinotecan does not require metabolic                                  advanced, platinum-
                        conversion in the liver, which can lead to variable clinical                            resistant ovarian cancer.
                        efficacy and toxicity among patients, including gastrointestinal
                        complications such as nausea, vomiting, and severe diarrhoea.                           The patient’s cancer had
                        By eliminating the need for metabolic conversion, DEP®                                  progressed before enrolment
                        irinotecan allows for direct dosing of SN38 and avoids these                            in the DEP® irinotecan study,
                        gastrointestinal adverse effects.                                                       following extensive surgery and




For personal use only
                                                                                                                39 treatment cycles with five
                                                                                                                different anti-cancer therapies.
                        In the June 2023 quarter, Starpharma           in heavily pre-treated patients,
                                                                                                                The patient’s cancer was
                        completed enrolment for the Phase              some of whom have failed to
                                                                                                                resistant to platinum therapy
                        2 monotherapy clinical trial of DEP®           respond to previous treatment
                                                                                                                with multiple metastases,
                        irinotecan, with 88 patients having            with standard irinotecan.
                                                                                                                including in the liver.
                        participated in the monotherapy arm.
                        In addition to monotherapy, the DEP®           Additionally, DEP® irinotecan has
                                                                                                                Following treatment with
                        irinotecan trial includes a combination        demonstrated a significantly better
                                                                                                                DEP® irinotecan, the patient
                        arm utilising DEP® irinotecan plus             tolerability profile compared to
                                                                                                                achieved the following
                        5-FU/leucovorin, similar to the ‘FOLFIRI’      published data on conventional
                                                                                                                responses:
                        treatment for advanced bowel and               irinotecan. Approximately 20-40%
                        gastric cancers. Patient recruitment           of patients treated with conventional    • ~60% reduction (partial
                        is ongoing and progressing well for            irinotecan experience severe,              response) in combined size
                        the combination arm.                           debilitating diarrhoea (seven or more      of all tumour lesions after
                                                                       bowel movements per day), frequently       eight cycles of treatment.
                        Encouraging efficacy signals have              leading to hospitalisation. However,
                                                                                                                • Up to 52% reduction
                        been observed in multiple tumour               during treatment with DEP® irinotecan,
                                                                                                                  in tumour biomarkers.
                        types with DEP® irinotecan, including          there have been no reports of severe
                        colorectal, platinum-resistant ovarian,        diarrhoea and clinicians report very
                        gastrointestinal, and breast, and              good tolerability in their patients.                BASELINE




                        “I am impressed with the data on Starpharma's novel dendrimer formulation of the
                         irinotecan active metabolite, SN38. In our patients, DEP® irinotecan has shown
                         excellent tolerability and very encouraging efficacy. Compared to conventional
                         irinotecan, tolerability for DEP® irinotecan is much improved. Based on the                   POST TREATMENT
                         trial data, I believe DEP® irinotecan represents a well-tolerated and promising
                         treatment alternative for patients with colorectal cancer, and potentially others,
                         including platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.”


                        Dr Natalie Cook, Principal Investigator, a Senior Lecturer in Experimental
                        Cancer Medicine and Honorary Consultant in Medical Oncology at the
                        University of Manchester and Christie Hospital in Manchester, UK
                                                                                                                  55% reduction in the size
                                                                                                                  of tumour lesion following
                                                                                                                     treatment with DEP®
                                                                                                                          irinotecan.


                                                                                                                Ovarian cancer is a common
                                                                                                                cancer with a low five-year
                                                                                                                survival rate of only ~17% for
                                                                                                                advanced cases.




          10            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        DEP® Pipeline
                        In addition to its three clinical-stage        (ADCs). In FY23, Starpharma presented
                        DEP® products, Starpharma is also              preclinical data from two studies that
                        developing new DEP® therapies in               demonstrate the advantages of using
                        research areas like radiotheranostics          its DEP® technology in these fields.
                        and Antibody-Drug Conjugates




                        DEP® HER2-zirconium shows radio imaging benefits




For personal use only
                        DEP® HER2-zirconium is a radiodiagnostic product that
                        belongs to the rapidly growing “radiotheranostic” category
                        – which includes both radiodiagnostic and radiotherapeutic
                        products. DEP® HER2-zirconium is designed to specifically
                        diagnose, stage, and monitor HER2+ cancers with greater
                        sensitivity, meaning patients suffering from these cancers
                        could be diagnosed earlier, more accurately, and monitored
                        more closely during cancer treatment.



                        In July 2023, the Company reported
                        results from a study where DEP®
                        HER2-zirconium demonstrated
                        imaging benefits in a HER2+ breast
                        cancer model, including a favourable
                        biodistribution profile, with excellent
                        imaging contrast between tumour
                        and normal tissues.

                        These study results are promising as
                        they confirm the optimised binding
                        properties of DEP® HER2-zirconium
                        for targeted delivery and preferential
                        uptake by cancer cells and support              Preferential tumour accumulation
                        a precision medicine approach for               of DEP® HER2-zirconium
                        cancer patients. The combined
                                                                                          30
                        effect of the novel pharmacological
                        properties of DEP® HER2-zirconium                                 25




                                                                      % Injected dose/g
                        gives it an advantage in promoting                                20
                        selective tumour cell entry and                                             Tumour:Blood ratio >40:1
                                                                                          15
                        supports its targeted delivery
                        mechanism to tumour cells, leaving                                10
                        normal cells relatively untouched.                                 5
                                                                                          0
                                                                                               oooud r
                                                                                              Li
                                                                                            Sp er
                                                                                               le
                                                                                           Ki en v
                                                                                             dn
                                                                                     Tu      H sey
                                                                                               Bl
                                                                                                ea
                                                                                             Lu t  r
                                                                                        m    C sng
                                                                                               ol
                                                                                              Bo  on
                                                                                                  ne



                        “Translated clinically, this DEP® technology has the potential to detect cancer cells at
                         very low levels and better guide therapeutic decisions at earlier stages and at levels
                         that were previously undetectable by current radiological methods. This has several
                         advantages, including dose optimisation and better identifying the minimal dose level
                         for an efficacious response, thereby minimising toxicity and promoting the quality of
                         life and care of cancer patients undergoing therapy.”


                        Dr Paul Wabnitz (MD, FRACP), Clinical Pharmacology and Oncology Specialist




                                Starpharma Holdings Limited                                                  Annual Report 2023   11
                        Rethinking the Science Behind
                        Oncology Treatments continued

                        HER2-targeted DEP® ADC demonstrates significant
                        anti-tumour activity in an ovarian cancer model


                        HER2-targeted DEP® SN38 ADC is a DEP® ADC utilising SN38
                        that targets the HER2 receptor. Starpharma presented new
                        preclinical data for this candidate during FY23 showing notable
                        anti-tumour activity and enhanced survival rates compared to
                        the marketed ADC product Enhertu® in a HER2+ human ovarian
                        cancer xenograft model.




For personal use only
                        Starpharma’s HER2-targeted DEP®               Effect of HER2-targeted DEP®
                        SN38 ADC has been designed with               SN38 ADC vs. Enhertu® on Tumour
                        a higher Drug-to-Antibody Ratio               Volume Over Time
                        (DAR) or drug loading than currently
                        marketed ADCs. The DAR of ADCs                                        Treatment Days
                        is important for their therapeutic                               1,000




                                                                    Tumor Volume (mm3)
                        efficacy, pharmacokinetics and                                    800
                        therapeutic index.
                                                                                          600
                        The key advantages of Starpharma’s                                400
                        DEP® platform for ADCs include:
                                                                                          200
                        • Ability to achieve higher DAR,
                                                                                            0
                          and higher drug loading than                                          0   5
                                                                                                    10 15 20 25 30 35 40
                          conventional ADCs.                                                              Days
                                                                                     Vehicle (saline)
                        • Greater flexibility in terms of linker
                                                                                     Control dendrimer-SN38
                          strategies to precisely control
                                                                                     Enhertu®
                          drug release profiles.
                                                                                     HER2-targeted DEP® SN38 ADC
                        • Capacity to widen the therapeutic                          p<0.0001 for HER2-targeted DEP®
                          index of toxic drug payloads.                              SN38 ADC vs all other groups

                        • Ability to penetrate deeply into
                          tumours, binding strongly to target
                          cells, and internalise for enhanced
                          performance.
                        • Enhanced efficacy leading to
                          enhanced survival.
                        • Flexibility in terms of compatible
                          targeting agents, including biologics
                          (whole antibodies and fragments),
                          small molecules, peptides and
                          other approaches.




          12            Annual Report 2023                                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Driving Innovation Through Strategic
                        Partnerships with Leading Global Companies

                        Partnered DEP® Programs
                        At Starpharma, collaborations and
                                                                      Partnered DEP® programs
                        partnerships are key to our business
                        strategy. The Company is using its
                        dendrimer technology to develop and           Two DEP® ADC Research Agreements
                        bring to market innovative products           with MSD (Merck & Co., Inc.)
                        that cater to critical clinical needs and
                        generate value for all stakeholders.
                        Starpharma’s partnerships span the
                        globe and involve some of the world's         Two DEP® Research Agreements
                        largest pharmaceutical companies,             with Genentech
                        including MSD, Genentech, and
                        AstraZeneca. Through these funded




For personal use only
                        partnerships, we collaborate closely on
                        joint research and knowledge transfer,
                                                                      DEP® anti-infective research
                        and they have access to our DEP®
                                                                      partnership with Chase Sun
                        platform technology to progress their
                        product research and development.

                        Starpharma made important progress
                        in its DEP® partnerships during               Multi-product DEP® licence
                        the financial year by expanding its           with AstraZeneca
                        programs with MSD and Genentech.
                        These partnerships involve utilising
                        Starpharma's DEP® platform in various
                        innovative therapeutic modalities,
                                                                    “We are excited to collaborate with highly engaged global pharmaceutical
                        including Antibody-Drug Conjugates.
                                                                     partners who are utilising our cutting-edge dendrimer platform technology to
                        In late July 2023, AstraZeneca announced     yield superior results. These partnerships provide external validation, affirming
                        it had made the decision to discontinue      the value of our technology. Our DEP® partnerships reinforce the clinical and
                        the development of AZD0466, following        commercial potential of our DEP® platform to develop products that benefit
                        an internal review of its haematology        patients worldwide.”
                        portfolio. AstraZeneca confirmed that
                        the asymptomatic adverse events
                                                                    Dr Tony Eglezos, Vice President of Business Development
                        leading to this decision were not
                        related to the dendrimer component
                        of AZD0466. Starpharma’s DEP®
                        Licence Agreement with AstraZeneca
                        remains on foot.




                                                                                                             Starpharma’s partnerships
                                                                                                             span the globe and involve
                                                                                                             some of the world’s largest
                                                                                                             pharmaceutical companies.




                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     Annual Report 2023   13
                        Creating Medical Innovations
                        That Make a Difference Worldwide

                        Anti-Infective Product Portfolio
                        Starpharma’s commitment to advancing          developed and launched three                  gel for the treatment and prevention of
                        healthcare also extends to the ever-          innovative products containing SPL7013        recurrent bacterial vaginosis (BV); and
                        growing challenges of infectious              in various international markets.             VivaGel® Condom, an antiviral condom.
                        diseases. The Company has developed
                        an innovative proprietary dendrimer           Starpharma’s marketed SPL7013 product
                        called SPL7013, which has a physical          range includes VIRALEZE™, a broad
                        mechanism of action and anti-infective        spectrum antiviral nasal spray for cold/
                        properties. Starpharma has successfully       respiratory viruses; VivaGel® BV, a topical



                        VIRALEZE™ Antiviral Nasal Spray




For personal use only
                        Starpharma’s SPL7013 Nasal Spray, VIRALEZE™, is a broad-spectrum antiviral nasal
                        spray that is registered in over 35 countries. It is intended to provide a protective
                        barrier in the nose, which traps and blocks cold/respiratory viruses.
                        The nasal spray contains SPL7013, which has been shown in multiple laboratory
                        and nonclinical studies to trap and block a broad spectrum of cold/respiratory
                        viruses, helping to prevent their adhesion, multiplication and spread.


                        Ongoing commercialisation                     Thanh Medical, markets VIRALEZE™
                        in global markets                             nationwide through Long Chau
                        During FY23, VIRALEZE™ was launched           Pharmacy, one of the country’s largest
                        in new markets, including Hong Kong           pharmacy chains with approximately
                        and Macau, through a network of               1,000 bricks and mortar stores.
                        retail stores, online and other channels      During FY23, Starpharma expanded its
                                                                                                                    opportunities in new markets, focusing
                        such as Mannings and PARKnSHOP.               e-commerce channels in the UK, making
                                                                                                                    on commercially attractive markets with
                        The product’s launch in these regions         VIRALEZE™ available to consumers in
                                                                                                                    rapid regulatory pathways. Starpharma
                        came after Starpharma signed a sales          the UK through a dedicated VIRALEZE™
                                                                                                                    remains focused on increasing brand
                        and distribution agreement with               product website and Amazon UK,
                                                                                                                    awareness and sales globally in
                        Hengan Group and was supported                as well as pharmacies.
                                                                                                                    conjunction with its growing network
                        by marketing activities.                                                                     of partners. In Australia, the review by
                                                                      This year, Starpharma also achieved
                                                                      registration for the product in Malaysia      the Therapeutic Goods Administration
                        In addition to Hong Kong and Macau,
                                                                      and Indonesia, bringing the total             (TGA) for the SPL7013 nasal spray as a
                        VIRALEZE™ continues to be marketed in
                                                                      number of countries where VIRALEZE™           medical device is ongoing.
                        various jurisdictions, including Vietnam,
                        the UK and Europe. Starpharma’s               is registered to more than 35.
                                                                      The Company continues to pursue               A post-market clinical study
                        distribution partner in Vietnam, Nam
                                                                      registration and commercialisation            in patients with COVID-19
                                                                                                                    Recruitment for a post-market
                                                                                                                    clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in COVID-19
                                                                                                                    patients commenced in the UK in
                                                                                                                    December 2022. The study has
                                                                                                                    recruited ahead of schedule with more
                                                                                                                    than 90% of participants now enrolled.
                                                                                                                    It will provide valuable clinical data on
                                                                                                                    the antiviral performance of VIRALEZE™
                                                                                                                    in non-hospitalised COVID-19 patients.
                                                                                                                    This data will support marketing and
                                                                                                                    commercial activities and build upon
                                                                                                                    the product's extensive in-market
                                                                                                                    experience. Additionally, the study
                                                                                                                    will generate clinical safety and efficacy
                                                                                                                    data relevant to new European medical
                                                                                                                    device regulations. The study's
                                                                                                                    design was developed with extensive
                                                                                                                    specialist clinical advice and is based
                                                                                                                    on other similar clinical studies of
                                                                                                                    topical nasal sprays.



          14            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
For personal use only
                        VivaGel® Portfolio


                        VivaGel® BV, an Australian innovation, is a novel, non-antibiotic gel developed by
                        Starpharma for both the treatment of bacterial vaginosis (BV) and the prevention
                        of recurrent BV and its symptoms. VivaGel® BV is registered in over 50 countries and
                        has been commercialised under different brand names in multiple markets, including
                        the UK, Europe, Southeast Asia, South Africa, Australia, and New Zealand.


                        BV is a prevalent condition that affects     terminated its VivaGel® BV licence
                        an estimated one in three women              and supply agreements with
                        globally and can potentially impact          Mundipharma, regaining all commercial
                        recurrent sufferers’ reproductive            rights to VivaGel® BV, enabling
                        health. Although antibiotics are             Starpharma to sign new marketing
                        commonly used to treat BV, they have         arrangements for the product.
                        side effects and pose a risk of antibiotic   Starpharma is well positioned to sign
                        resistance – and there is a growing          new commercial agreements for
                        demand for alternative approaches,           VivaGel® BV with other healthcare
                        such as VivaGel® BV, which can also be       companies in these territories, with
                        used to prevent recurrent BV.                commercial interest already expressed
                                                                     in the product.
                        VivaGel® BV continues to be marketed
                        in multiple jurisdictions, including by      In the US, a formal dispute resolution
                        Starpharma’s partner Aspen in Australia      process is ongoing with the Food and
                        and New Zealand. Marketing campaigns         Drug Administration (FDA) for VivaGel®
                        by partners to build brand awareness         BV. The Company is preparing to
                        and sales are ongoing, including for         lodge a further submission to the FDA,
                        consumer and healthcare professional         including precedents of other FDA
                        audiences.                                   approvals, with the timing of lodgement   VivaGel® BV is registered in



                                                                                                               50+ countries
                                                                     now governed by the publication and
                        In August 2023, Starpharma                   incorporation of relevant precedent
                        announced it had negotiated a                information, which is being gathered.
                        commercial settlement agreement
                        with Mundipharma relating to VivaGel®        Starpharma’s VivaGel® Condom
                        BV. Under the settlement, Starpharma         continues to be marketed by Okamoto       including the UK, Europe,
                        received a A$6.6 million cash                in Japan, with Okamoto also pursuing      Southeast Asia, South Africa,
                        payment from Mundipharma and                 approvals in other Asian countries.       Australia, and New Zealand.




                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                               Annual Report 2023   15
                        Environment, Social and Governance


                        At Starpharma, we recognise our              Developing innovative therapies to enhance
                        important role as a biopharmaceutical
                        company to improve patient outcomes.         patient wellbeing, with a commitment to
                        A key part of this is shaping the future
                        of our industry to ensure it grows
                                                                     responsible and ethical practices that adhere
                        sustainably. We are committed to             to global regulatory standards.
                        developing innovative products that
                        will positively impact society.

                        To ensure that we remain forward-          It also details the sustainability-        Our People
                        thinking, we continually strive to         related risks and opportunities that
                                                                   are important to Starpharma and our        We take pride in our innovative,
                        improve our sustainability practices.                                                 accountable, high-performing and
                        Our corporate governance                   stakeholders. Our focus is on the
                                                                   evolving, perceived and potential issues   ethical culture. Our set of Valued
                        principles and Code of Conduct                                                        Behaviours promotes effective




For personal use only
                        provide a framework for ethical and        arising during pharmaceutical product
                                                                   research and development, registration,    collaboration among all employees
                        responsible behaviour at all levels of                                                who know and appreciate how the
                        our organisation, from the Board and       supply and commercialisation.
                                                                                                              broader community benefits from
                        management to all other employees.                                                    our work.
                                                                   Environment
                        Starpharma publishes an Environment,                                                  We strive to create a workplace that
                                                                   Starpharma has established formal
                        Social and Governance (ESG) Report                                                    prioritises equality, safety, health and
                                                                   policies and procedures, including
                        each year alongside its Annual Report.                                                wellbeing. We have implemented a
                                                                   an Environmental Policy and a Climate
                        Our ESG Report presents Starpharma's                                                  comprehensive suite of policies and
                                                                   Change Position Statement, to
                        ESG framework and practices,                                                          procedures to ensure these outcomes.
                                                                   operate responsibly and minimise
                        covering four main areas: Environment,
                                                                   the environmental impact of our work,
                        Our People, Products and Patient                                                      Great Place to Work®
                                                                   including operations, research and
                        Health, and Governance.                                                               certification
                                                                   development, and product marketing.
                                                                                                              Starpharma was delighted
                                                                   We have implemented measures to            to achieve Great Place
                                                                   manage water consumption, waste            to Work® certification for
                                                                   and recycling, and greenhouse gas          2022-23. This recognition
                                                                   emissions. Our staff understand            is a testament to our team’s
                                                                   and comply with these initiatives.         positive workplace and company
                                                                   Although our global environmental          culture and our celebration of inclusivity
                                                                   risk exposure is small, Starpharma         and diversity.
                                                                   will continue to monitor, report
                                                                   and take action wherever necessary         We take great pride in the fact that our
                                                                   to mitigate our impact.                    employees come from 19 countries
                                                                                                              of birth, and we have, for some time,
                                                                                                              achieved an equal gender split across
                                                                                                              all levels of the Company. This is a
                                                                                                              testament to our global mindset and
                                                                                                              the importance of embracing diversity
                                                                                                              within our organisation.




          16            Annual Report 2023                                Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Products and Patient Health                    Governance
                        Starpharma is committed to providing           Starpharma is committed to the
                        consumers and patients with safe               principles underpinning best practices
                        access to our products at all stages           in corporate governance, emphasising
                        of the development process.                    general corporate compliance and
                                                                       ethical business, financial and social
                        Our products undergo rigorous                  practices. Our robust corporate
                        development and evaluation, including          governance policies serve as a guide
                        preclinical testing and clinical trials, and   for our Company's actions and
                        are labelled and marketed pursuant to          decision-making.
                        high-quality standards and regulations
                        specific to each geographic region.
                        The Company conducts post-market




For personal use only
                        surveillance and vigilance activities          Starpharma’s ESG Report 2023
                        on all marketed products.                      provides further insights into the
                                                                       Company’s framework for ESG, the
                        Although Starpharma has a relatively
                                                                       practices, policies and procedures
                        small number of suppliers, we prioritise
                                                                       we have put in place, and our long-term
                        responsible and ethical practices across
                                                                       goals, objectives and commitments
                        our operations. We expect our suppliers
                                                                       to continuous improvement.
                        to uphold high ethical standards and
                        source from sustainable vendors.               Starpharma’s ESG Report 2023
                                                                       can be viewed on our website:
                                                                       www.starpharma.com.




                           Starpharma’s products undergo rigorous
                           development and evaluation, including
                           preclinical testing and clinical trials, and
                           are marketed according to high quality
                           standards and regulations specific to
                           each geographic region.




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited        Annual Report 2023   17
                        3-Year Financial Summary


                                                                                                                FY23            FY22        FY21
                                                                                                                  $M              $M         $M

                        Revenue                                                                                  4.2              4.9         2.2

                        Other income                                                                              0.1             0.3          1.3

                        Total revenue and other income                                                           4.3              5.2         3.5

                        Expenditure, including the cost of goods sold                                           (19.9)           (21.4)     (23.2)

                        Loss for the period                                                                     (15.6)           (16.2)      (19.7)

                        Net operating cash outflows                                                             (13.5)           (13.2)      (14.8)

                        Net investing and financing cash inflows (outflows)                                      (1.3)            2.4        46.1




For personal use only
                        Cash and cash equivalents at end-of-year                                                35.2             49.9       60.5




                        Overview of FY23 Financial Results
                        Starpharma concluded FY23 in a               The FY23 loss after tax of $15.6 million            Starpharma concluded
                        strong financial position with a cash        continued to trend downwards
                        balance of $35.2 million. Net operating      (FY22: $16.2 million). Expenditure                  FY23 in a strong financial
                        cash outflows for the year were $13.5
                        million. This excludes A$6.6 million
                                                                     included investment in research and
                                                                     product development associated
                                                                                                                         position with a cash
                        received from Mundipharma in August          with the internal DEP® drug delivery                balance of $35.2 million,
                        2023 following the recent commercial         programs, including DEP® cabazitaxel,
                        settlement for VivaGel® BV.                  DEP® docetaxel, DEP® irinotecan, DEP®               and in August 2023,
                        Revenue for FY23 was $4.2 million
                                                                     ADCs, and DEP® radiotheranostics, as
                                                                     well as the post-market clinical study              Starpharma received
                        (FY22: $4.7 million), which included
                        $2.9 million from VIRALEZE™ and
                                                                     of VIRALEZE™.                                       $6.6 million from
                        VivaGel® product sales, royalties,           Starpharma received a $7.1 million R&D              Mundipharma.
                        licensing revenue, and research revenue      tax incentive refund in December 2022,
                        from commercial partners as well as          with an anticipated R&D tax incentive
                        interest income of $1.3 million.             refund of $7.6 million expected in FY24.




          18            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
For personal use only




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited   Annual Report 2023   19
                        Directors’ Report


                        Your directors have pleasure in presenting this report on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter as the “group”, “company”,
                        or “Starpharma”) consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (the “Parent Entity”) and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during,
                        the year ended 30 June 2023.

                        Directors
                        The following persons were directors of Starpharma Holdings Limited at the date of this report and during the whole of the
                        financial year:

                        R B Thomas (Chairman)
                        L Cheng
                        D J McIntyre
                        J R Davies




For personal use only
                        J K Fairley (Chief Executive Officer)
                        R Basser

                        R Basser was appointed as a director on 20 February 2023
                        Z Peach resigned as a director on 29 November 2022

                        Information on Directors
                        Robert B Thomas AO
                        BEc, MSAA, SF Fin, FAICD, FRSN
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 4 December 2013) and Chairman from 13 June 2014
                        Experience:                     Mr Thomas has a strong background in financial services and capital markets and is a non-executive
                                                        director of several Australian listed companies. Formerly Mr Thomas was a Partner of Potter Partners
                                                        (now UBS) where he was also Head of Research.
                                                        Mr Thomas is the former Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of County NatWest Securities and then
                                                        became CEO and then Chairman of Citibank Corporate and Investment Bank in Australia. Mr Thomas
                                                        has also held the position of Chairman at Australian Wealth Management Ltd (ultimately IOOF Ltd),
                                                        TAL (Australia’s largest life insurance company) and HeartWare® International Inc, the second largest
                                                        global manufacturer of left ventricular assist heart pumps. Mr Thomas is currently a non-executive
                                                        director of ASX-listed Biotron Limited and Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited. Mr Thomas is also Chair
                                                        of AusBio Ltd, Grahger Retail Securities, Co-Chair of the State Library of NSW Foundation and a
                                                        director of O’Connell Street Associates.
                                                        For many years Mr Thomas was regarded as one of Australia’s leading financial analysts and regularly
                                                        lectured with Financial Services Institute of Australia (FINSIA). He has considerable expertise in
                                                        Mergers & Acquisition (M&A) and capital markets including advising on the floats of Commonwealth
                                                        Bank of Australia and Qantas, and vast experience in Audit and Risk Management. Mr Thomas is also
                                                        approved under the NSW prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk Committee Independent
                                                        Chairs and Members for government/public sector agencies and has previously served as the
                                                        Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee of Virgin Australia Limited (for 11 years), HeartWare®
                                                        International Inc, REVA Medical Limited and the State Library of NSW.
                                                        Mr Thomas holds a Bachelor of Economics from Monash University, a Diploma of Business (Accounting)
                                                        from Swinburne and is a fellow of FINSIA. Mr Thomas is also a Master Stockbroker, a Fellow of the
                                                        Australian Institute of Company Directors and a Fellow of the Royal Society of New South Wales.

                        Committee membership:           Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                                                        Member of Audit and Risk Committee.

                        Other current directorships Biotron Limited and Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited.
                        of ASX listed entities:




          20            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration

                        Directorships of other       None.                                                                                                      Report
                        ASX listed entities within
                        last three years:

                        Specific skills and          In addition to Mr Thomas’ significant finance and M&A/capital markets experience, Mr Thomas’


                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Independence
                        experience areas:            non-executive roles with various ASX listed companies have deepened his skills and experience in
                                                     relation to accounting/corporate finance; audit and risk; governance; licensing and commercialisation
                                                     of innovation; strategy and risk management; occupational health & safety (“OH&S”); and remuneration.


                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                                                     He has also had significant experience with US-based companies as they progress from research
                                                     to commercialisation.

                        Interests in Starpharma      950,000 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:




For personal use only
                        Jacinth (Jackie) K Fairley
                        BSc, BVSc (Hons), MBA, GAICD, FTSE                                                                                                      Consolidated Financial
                        Chief Executive Officer and director (appointed 1 July 2006)
                        Experience:                  Dr Jackie Fairley has more than 30 years of operational experience in the pharmaceutical and               Statements
                                                     biotechnology industries working in senior management roles with companies including CSL
                                                     Limited (CSL) and Faulding (now Pfizer). In those roles Dr Fairley had responsibilities which included
                                                     clinical, regulatory, business development, product development management and general
                                                     management. At Faulding Dr Fairley was responsible for global product development, regulatory


                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                                                     affairs and business development for Faulding’s hospital business which operated in more than
                                                     60 countries.
                                                     Dr Fairley holds first class honours degrees in Science (pharmacology and pathology) and


                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                     Veterinary Science from Melbourne University and was a practicing veterinary surgeon prior
                                                     to joining CSL. Whilst at CSL Dr Fairley obtained a Master of Business Administration from the
                                                     Melbourne Business School, where she was the recipient of the prestigious Clemenger Medal.
                                                     Dr Fairley is also a graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
                                                     Dr Fairley is a non-executive director of the listed investment company Mirrabooka Investments
                                                     Limited and a member of the Invest Victoria Advisory Board (IVAB) and Carnegie Venture Capital’s
                                                     investment Committee. Dr Fairley has previously served on the Melbourne Business School                    Directors’
                                                     Board, the Australian Federal Government’s Commonwealth Science Council and Pharmaceutical                 Declaration
                                                     Industry Working Group, and the Australian Federal Ministerial Biotechnology Advisory Council.

                        Committees:                  Attends Board Committee meetings by invitation.


                                                                                                                                                                Independent
                        Other current directorships Mirrabooka Investments Limited.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Report
                        Directorships of other       None.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:

                        Specific skills and          With more than 30 years’ experience in executive roles up to and including as CEO and executive
                        experience areas:            director of ASX listed and unlisted pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, Dr Fairley’s               Shareholder
                                                     experience covers all key areas described in the Board skills matrix. In particular, Dr Fairley has
                                                     significant leadership skills in healthcare and scientific research; pharmaceutical development;           Information

                                                     international experience; licensing and commercialisation of innovation; business development;
                                                     strategy and risk management; and M&A/capital markets.

                        Interests in Starpharma      4,055,434 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:                                                                                                                       Intellectual
                                                     6,280,125 employee performance rights.

                                                                                                                                                                Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                Directory




                                                                           Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Annual Report 2023   21
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Information on Directors continued
                        David McIntyre
                        CPA, LL.B., MBA and B. Econs (Acc)
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 March 2020)
                        Experience:                  Mr McIntyre has more than 20 years of executive experience including 18 years in the life sciences
                                                     sector, having held various C-suite level roles at Tessa Therapeutics, Inc., AVITA Therapeutics, Inc.,
                                                     HeartWare® International, Inc., and Braeburn, Inc.
                                                     Mr McIntyre’s experience also includes seven years as a Partner at Apple Tree Partners, a multi-
                                                     billion-dollar life science venture capital and growth equity fund, giving him a deep knowledge of,
                                                     and extensive contacts in, the US pharma, medical device and biotech markets. During this time,
                                                     Mr McIntyre served as a non-executive director of several US life science companies.




For personal use only
                                                     Prior to entering life sciences, Mr McIntyre practiced as a senior attorney at Baker & McKenzie and
                                                     KPMG specialising in M&A, initial public offerings, and corporate law and also held various senior
                                                     finance roles in both multinational companies and small growth companies.
                                                     Mr McIntyre is based in the US and brings to the table an international lens on life science licensing
                                                     and commercialisation, marketing and business and development, and M&A/capital markets.
                                                     Mr McIntyre has significant experience in the areas of accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk,
                                                     strategy and risk management.
                                                     Mr McIntyre holds a Bachelor of Economics (Accounting) from the University of Sydney, Australia,
                                                     a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Technology, Sydney, and a Master of Business
                                                     Administration from Duke University Fuqua School of Business (Fuqua Scholar) from Durham,
                                                     North Carolina, in the US. Mr McIntyre is a Certified Practising Accountant and is also admitted
                                                     as a legal practitioner of the Supreme Court of New South Wales and of the High Court of Australia.

                        Committee membership:        Chair of Audit and Risk Committee.

                        Other current directorships None.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other       Redflex Holdings Limited.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:

                        Specific skills and          With more than 20 years of executive experience including 18 years in the life science sector,
                        experience areas:            Mr McIntyre’s experience covers all key areas described in the Board skills matrix. In particular,
                                                     Mr McIntyre has substantial expertise in accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk; M&A/
                                                     capital markets; governance; licensing and commercialisation of innovation; strategy and risk
                                                     management, having held executive roles including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating
                                                     Officer. He has also had significant experience with US-based companies in the medical device,
                                                     biotechnology and pharmaceutical sector.

                        Interests in Starpharma      16,240 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:




          22            Annual Report 2023                                  Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration

                                                                                                                                                               Report

                        Lynda Cheng
                        B.Com, LLB (Hons), GAICD
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 August 2021)
                        Experience:                  Ms Cheng has a strong background in finance with more than 25 years of experience as a finance            Auditor’s Independence
                                                     executive including more than 15 years at Visy Industries/Pratt Holdings and 10 years in investment

                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                                                     banking. She has significant commercial and international corporate expertise including
                                                     experience in financial services, manufacturing, export finance, infrastructure, education as well as
                                                     market entry, growth and technology.
                                                     Ms Cheng is currently Director of Corporate Development and Mergers & Acquisitions at Visy
                                                     Industries / Pratt Holdings and has held various other roles in the group including CFO. Ms Cheng’s




For personal use only
                                                     earlier roles include as a lawyer at Blake Dawson, before moving into investment banking with J.P.

                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                                                     Morgan in its Melbourne, Sydney, San Francisco and New York offices.
                                                     Ms Cheng is currently an independent, non-executive member of the board of directors at JRJJ

                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                                                     Capital, the parent company of Merricks Capital, in an observer/advisory capacity. Ms Cheng
                                                     previously served as a non-executive director of Export Finance Australia, a member of the
                                                     Australian Government’s International Development Policy Expert Panel and Deputy Chair and
                                                     Chair of the Finance, Audit and Risk committee of South East Water.
                                                     Ms Cheng holds a Bachelor of Law (Honours) and Commerce degree, majoring in actuarial studies
                                                     and economics, from the University of Melbourne, and is a graduate member of the Australian

                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                                                     Institute of Company Directors.

                        Committee membership:        Member of Audit and Risk Committee.


                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                                     Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

                        Other current directorships None.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other       None.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:                                                                                                                  Directors’

                        Specific skills and          With over 25 years’ experience as a finance executive, including substantial international                Declaration
                        experience areas:            experience and several non-executive directorships, Ms Cheng’s experience covers the majority
                                                     of key areas described in Starpharma’s Board skills matrix. In particular, she has substantial
                                                     expertise in accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk; M&A/capital markets; strategy and

                                                                                                                                                               Independent
                                                     risk management; governance; as well as business development. Ms Cheng has had involvement
                                                     in the commercialisation of new innovations during her tenure at South East Water and also while

                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report
                                                     working with disruptive technology companies in Silicon Valley.

                        Interests in Starpharma      60,000 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:


                                                                                                                                                               Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                               Information




                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                               Property Report




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                                                                           Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023   23
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Information on Directors continued
                        Jeff R Davies
                        PhD, BSc (Hons)
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 April 2022)
                        Experience:                  Dr Davies is a former CSL executive with over 35 years of biopharmaceutical experience, holding
                                                     senior executive roles at CSL, including Executive Vice President & General Manager at CSL for
                                                     the Asia-Pacific region, and Global Head of Plasma Product Research and Development at
                                                     CSL-Behring, Switzerland.
                                                     As Executive Vice President & General Manager at CSL for the Asia-Pacific region, Dr Davies had
                                                     overall P&L responsibility for the commercial and operational aspects of the business and oversaw
                                                     the pharmaceutical, plasma, vaccine, and diagnostic businesses in Australia, New Zealand, China,




For personal use only
                                                     and the broader Asia-Pacific region.
                                                     As the Global Head of CSL-Behring’s Plasma Product Research and Development portfolios,
                                                     Dr Davies oversaw and played an important role in the development of leading products, including
                                                     the multi-billion-dollar Privigen® immunoglobulin product. Dr Davies was part of CSL’s due
                                                     diligence teams, which led to the acquisitions of the Plasma Fractionation businesses of Swiss
                                                     Red Cross (2000) and Aventis Behring (2003), thus transforming CSL into a global company.
                                                     Dr Davies is a partner and founding director of Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence, a
                                                     pharmaceutical consulting firm. Dr Davies has held a number of senior industry board and advisory
                                                     roles, including representation on the Pharmaceutical Industry Council, the Australian Red Cross
                                                     Advisory Board and Medicines Australia.
                                                     Dr Davies holds a PhD in Biochemistry from Monash University and is a graduate of the London
                                                     Business School’s Senior Executive Program.

                        Committee membership:        Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

                        Other current directorships None.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other       None.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:

                        Specific skills and          With over 35 years of experience within the biopharmaceutical industry, Dr Davies is an
                        experience areas:            accomplished executive skilled in R&D, product development and commercialisation strategy;
                                                     business development, manufacturing and clinical and regulatory affairs. Dr Davies has significant
                                                     leadership skills and experience in commercialising scientific research for healthcare products.

                        Interests in Starpharma      50,000 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:




          24            Annual Report 2023                                 Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration

                                                                                                                                                                  Report

                        Russell Basser
                        MB.BS FRACP MD
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 20 February 2023)
                        Experience:                    Dr Basser is a medical oncologist and former corporate executive with over 30 years of                     Auditor’s Independence
                                                       international medical and biopharmaceutical experience, including 21 years at CSL.

                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                                                       Dr Basser has substantial expertise in international drug and vaccine development, having held
                                                       multiple senior executive roles at CSL, including Senior Vice President (SVP) of Research and
                                                       Development at CSL Seqirus; Chief Medical Officer at CSL Limited/CSL Behring; and SVP of
                                                       Global Clinical Research and Development at CSL Behring/CSL Limited. During his time at CSL,
                                                       Dr Basser was responsible for globalising CSL’s Clinical Research and Development group and




For personal use only
                                                       for conception and execution of CSL’s clinical trial strategies across a broad range of therapeutic

                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                                                       areas from Phase 1 to commercialisation. Dr Basser was a founding member of CSL Seqirus’ executive
                                                       leadership team in 2015 as SVP of Research and Development until his retirement in April 2022.


                                                                                                                                                                  Statements
                                                       Prior to joining CSL, Dr Basser was a practicing medical oncologist at the Royal Melbourne and
                                                       Western Hospitals and had an appointment at the Ludwig institute for Cancer Research.

                        Committee membership:          Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

                        Other current directorships None.
                        of ASX listed entities:


                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        Directorships of other         None.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:


                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                        Specific skills and            With over 20 years of executive experience in the biotechnology industry and 10 years as
                        experience areas:              a practicing clinical oncologist, Dr Basser has significant leadership skills and experience in
                                                       healthcare/scientific research; pharmaceutical product development; international executive
                                                       experience and skills in regulation/public policy; commercialisation of innovation; business
                                                       development; governance; strategy; and risk management.

                        Interests in Starpharma        Nil.                                                                                                       Directors’
                        Holdings Limited:
                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration


                        Company Secretary
                        Mr Nigel Baade held the position since 2013 until his resignation as Company Secretary on 1 February 2023 (Mr Baade resigned
                        from the Company on 31 March 2023). Ms Tracy Weimar was appointed to the position of interim Company Secretary on                         Independent
                        1 February 2023. Ms Weimar is a fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia (FGIA), with over 20 years of commercial,
                        company secretarial and non-executive director experience in the pharmaceutical/biotech industry.                                         Auditor’s Report

                        Mr Justin Cahill commenced his position as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary on 3 April 2023. Mr Cahill has extensive
                        corporate finance and leadership experience in the biopharmaceutical, food and agricultural sectors for both
                        ASX-listed and private companies.
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder

                        Principal Activities                                                                                                                      Information

                        The principal activities of the group consist of research, development and commercialisation of dendrimer products for
                        pharmaceutical, life-science and other applications. Activities within the group are directed towards the development of
                        precisely defined nano-scale materials, including the development of VivaGel® for the management and prevention of bacterial

                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual
                        vaginosis, and as an antiviral condom coating, and VIRALEZE™ – an antiviral nasal spray. Starpharma is also applying its proprietary
                        dendrimers to drug delivery to create improved pharmaceuticals and has developed the valuable DEP® delivery platform.

                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report
                        Result
                        The financial report for the group for the financial year ended 30 June 2023, and the results herein, have been prepared
                        in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                        The consolidated loss after income tax attributable to ordinary shareholders for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 was
                        $15,638,000 (2022: $16,154,000), with revenue for the year of $4,208,000 (2022: $4,899,000). The net operating cash outflows              Directory

                        for the year were $13,533,000 (2022: $13,162,000). The cash balance at 30 June 2023 was $35,180,000 (June 2022: $49,918,000).


                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023   25
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Dividends and Distributions
                        No dividends were paid or declared during the period and no dividends are recommended in respect to the financial year ended
                        30 June 2023 (2022: Nil).

                        Review of Operations
                        Key activities until the date of this report include:

                        DEP® Drug Delivery Programs
                        Starpharma’s Phase 2 clinical trial of DEP® cabazitaxel completed the enrolment and treatment of patients, with 76 participants
                        enrolled. Encouraging efficacy signals following treatment with DEP® cabazitaxel have been observed, including significant
                        tumour shrinkage and tumour biomarker reductions, in heavily pre-treated patients with advanced cancers, including prostate,
                        ovarian, gastro-oesophageal, cholangiocarcinoma and head and neck cancer. In September 2022, Starpharma presented




For personal use only
                        promising results from the prostate cancer cohort at the European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress.

                        The Phase 2 monotherapy arm of the DEP® docetaxel trial also completed the enrolment and treatment of patients. 50 patients
                        were recruited and treated with DEP® docetaxel in the monotherapy arm, and encouraging efficacy signals, including prolonged
                        stable disease and significant tumour shrinkage, have been observed in heavily pre-treated patients with multiple cancer types,
                        including pancreatic cancer, gastro-oesophageal cancer, and cholangiocarcinoma.

                        Starpharma completed patient enrolment in the monotherapy arm of the Phase 2 clinical trial of DEP® irinotecan, with 88 patients
                        having participated in the monotherapy arm. Encouraging results have been seen in patients with multiple cancer types, including
                        colorectal, platinum-resistant ovarian, gastrointestinal, and breast cancer, with durable responses for up to 72 weeks.

                        Starpharma also progressed the combination arms of the DEP® irinotecan (5-FU/leucovorin) and DEP® docetaxel (gemcitabine)
                        Phase 2 trials, with recruitment ongoing.

                        In parallel with completing these Phase 2 programs, Starpharma continued to build its pipeline of DEP® assets by advancing
                        the development of two products in DEP® radiotheranostics and DEP® Antibody-Drug Conjugates.

                        Starpharma announced the development of a HER2-targeted DEP® SN38 ADC, which demonstrated significant anti-tumour
                        activity and improved survival in a HER2+ human ovarian cancer xenograft model, compared with a marketed HER2-ADC, Enhertu®.

                        In June 2023, Starpharma announced that DEP® HER2-zirconium, a HER2-targeted radiodiagnostic, demonstrated imaging
                        benefits in a HER2+ breast cancer model. The demonstrated benefits included a favourable biodistribution profile, excellent
                        imaging contrast between tumour and normal tissues, rapid uptake, high levels of tumour accumulation, and rapid clearance.

                        Starpharma partnered with the University of Queensland’s Hub for Advanced Manufacture of Targeted Radiopharmaceuticals
                        (AMTAR Hub) to advance the research and development of Starpharma’s targeted DEP® radiotheranostic products – which
                        includes both DEP® radiodiagnostics and DEP® radiotherapeutics.

                        Starpharma’s partners include some of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies, such as MSD, Genentech, Chase Sun
                        and AstraZeneca. During the financial year, Starpharma expanded its DEP® programs with MSD and Genentech to include
                        new programs of work. Starpharma’s partnered programs apply the Company’s DEP® platform technology to several novel
                        therapeutic modalities, including ADCs.

                        In late July 2023, AstraZeneca announced it had made the decision to discontinue the development of AZD0466, following an
                        internal review of their haematology portfolio. AstraZeneca confirmed that the asymptomatic adverse events leading to this
                        decision were not related to the dendrimer component of AZD0466. Starpharma’s DEP® Licence Agreement with AstraZeneca
                        remains in effect.

                        Starpharma continues to undertake business development partnering activities for its DEP® platform, with active commercial
                        discussions underway in a number of areas including DEP® radiotheranostics and DEP® ADCs.




          26            Annual Report 2023                                      Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration
                        Marketed Products
                                                                                                                                                                Report
                        VIRALEZE™ Antiviral Nasal Spray
                        During the financial year, Starpharma’s antiviral nasal spray, VIRALEZE™, was launched in new markets, including Hong Kong and
                        Macau, through an extensive network of retail stores, online and other channels. The launch followed the signing of a sales and
                        distribution agreement with Hengan Group and was supported by marketing activities.

                        Marketing of VIRALEZE™ continued in multiple jurisdictions, including Hong Kong, Macau, Vietnam, the UK and Europe. Starpharma          Auditor’s Independence
                        expanded its e-commerce channels in the UK, making VIRALEZE™ available through a dedicated product website and Amazon UK.

                        Starpharma achieved registration for VIRALEZE™ in Malaysia and Indonesia, bringing the number of countries where VIRALEZE™              Declaration
                        is registered to more than 35, and submitted regulatory applications in other jurisdictions during the year.

                        Starpharma commenced a post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in the UK in December 2022. The study will provide valuable
                        clinical data on the antiviral performance of VIRALEZE™ in COVID-19-positive individuals. The study has recruited more than 90%




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                        of planned participants to date.

                        Starpharma presented new data on the efficacy of VIRALEZE™ against SARS-CoV-2 omicron infection in an animal challenge model


                                                                                                                                                                Statements
                        at Respi DART, an international virology conference, in December 2022. These data, which were generated at Scripps Research in
                        the US, showed that VIRALEZE™ was able to eliminate the SARS-CoV-2 omicron virus by more than 99.99% in the lung and trachea of
                        animals that were exposed to the virus, even when VIRALEZE™ was administered after exposure.

                        VIRALEZE™ is not approved for use or supply in Australia. The review by the Therapeutic Goods Agency (TGA) for the SPL7013 nasal
                        spray as a medical device is ongoing.



                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                        VivaGel® Portfolio
                        Starpharma’s VivaGel® BV product continued to be marketed in multiple jurisdictions by its partners. Marketing campaigns by
                        partners to build brand awareness and sales are ongoing, including for consumer and professional healthcare audiences.

                        After the end of the reporting period, Starpharma terminated its VivaGel® BV license and supply agreements with Mundipharma,            Financial Statements
                        enabling Starpharma to sign new marketing arrangements for the product. A cash settlement payment of US$4.25M (A$6.56M)
                        was subsequently received from Mundipharma.

                        In the US, a formal dispute resolution process is ongoing with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for VivaGel® BV. As part
                        of this process, Starpharma has received extensive external advice, met the FDA on multiple occasions, and made a number of             Directors’
                        submissions of data and analyses to the regulator. The Company is preparing to lodge a further submission to the FDA, including
                        precedents of other FDA approvals, with the timing of lodgement now governed by the publication and incorporation of relevant           Declaration

                        precedent information.

                        Starpharma’s VivaGel® Condom continues to be marketed by Okamoto in Japan.

                                                                                                                                                                Independent
                        Key Personnel Changes
                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Report
                        Ms Zita Peach retired from the Board in November 2022 after 11 years. Mr Nigel Baade resigned from the CFO/Company
                        Secretary role in early 2023, after nearly 17 years.

                        In February 2023, Starpharma welcomed medical oncologist and former senior executive Dr Russell Basser as a non-executive
                        director to the Board. Dr Basser has substantial expertise in international drug and vaccine development, having held multiple
                        senior executive roles at CSL.                                                                                                          Shareholder

                        In February 2023, Starpharma appointed Ms Tracy Weimar as interim Company Secretary. Ms Weimar has over 20 years of                     Information
                        commercial, company secretarial and non-executive directorship experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry
                        across large and small-cap companies.


                                                                                                                                                                Intellectual
                        In April 2023, Mr Justin Cahill joined Starpharma as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Company Secretary. Mr Cahill has extensive
                        corporate finance and leadership experience in the biopharmaceutical, food, and agricultural sectors with several private and
                        ASX-listed companies, including CSL.
                                                                                                                                                                Property Report
                        In June 2023, Dr Jackie Fairley advised the Board of her intention to retire as CEO in 2024 after 17 years in the role. A search
                        process is underway and Dr Fairley, the Board and the senior executive team are working closely to ensure a seamless transition.


                                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                Directory




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                  Annual Report 2023   27
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Matters Subsequent to the End of the Financial Year
                        On 14 August 2023, Starpharma received a cash payment of US$4.25M (A$6.56M) from Mundipharma, following the signing of a
                        commercial settlement agreement related to VivaGel® BV. Under the settlement, in addition to the cash payment, Starpharma
                        terminated its VivaGel® BV license and supply agreements with Mundipharma, regaining all commercial rights to VivaGel® BV,
                        enabling Starpharma to sign new marketing arrangements for the product.

                        On 31 July 2023, Starpharma announced that AstraZeneca had made the decision to discontinue the development of AZD0466,
                        following an internal review of their haematology portfolio. AstraZeneca confirmed that the asymptomatic adverse events
                        leading to this decision were not related to the dendrimer component of AZD0466. Starpharma’s DEP® Licence Agreement with
                        AstraZeneca remains in effect.

                        Strategy, Future Developments and Prospects
                        Starpharma aims to create value for its shareholders through the clinical and commercial development of its proprietary products




For personal use only
                        based on its patented dendrimer technology in pharmaceutical and healthcare applications. The company’s key focus is to
                        advance its product pipeline, including internal and partnered DEP® programs and to advance commercial opportunities for
                        VivaGel® and VIRALEZE™. Starpharma intends to achieve this by continuing to utilise a combination of internally funded and
                        partnered programs across its dendrimer portfolio. The company commercialises its development pipeline with corporate
                        partners via licensing and sales and distribution agreements at various stages in a product’s development lifecycle, depending
                        on the product, patent opportunity, a partner’s commercial strategy and relative strength of product and market expertise,
                        comparison of current and future potential returns, and the risks involved in advancing the product to the next value inflection
                        point or milestone.

                        Starpharma’s strategy remains consistent with previous years. Starpharma has extensive scientific expertise, a strong intellectual
                        property portfolio, a deep product portfolio, and a culture and ability to innovate.

                        Proceedings on Behalf of the Company
                        No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf of the Company with leave of the Court under section 237 of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.

                        Review of Financials
                                                                                                                           30 June 2023      30 June 2022
                        Income statement                                                                                         $’000             $’000

                        Revenue                                                                                                   4,208               4,899

                        Cost of goods sold                                                                                         (1,120)           (2,776)

                        Other income                                                                                                 135               263

                        Research and product development expense                                                                  (11,239)          (11,680)

                        Commercial and regulatory operating expense                                                               (3,854)            (3,568)

                        Corporate, administration and finance expense                                                             (3,768)            (3,292)

                        Loss for the period                                                                                      (15,638)           (16,154)




          28            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration
                        Income statement
                                                                                                                                                               Report
                        The reported loss for the period was $15,638,000 (2022: $16,154,000).

                        Revenue for the year was $4,208,000 (2022: $4,899,000), comprising $2,939,000 (2022: $4,682,000) for product sales,
                        royalties, licensing revenue, and research revenue from commercial partners, and interest income of $1,269,000 (2022: $217,000).


                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                        Revenue received from commercial partners during the year was predominately product sales and royalties from VIRALEZE™
                        and VivaGel® products.



                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                        Other income of $135,000 (2022: $263,000) primarily relates to proceeds received from an insurance claim. For the prior year,
                        other income included Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF) grant funding for the development of VIRALEZE™.

                        Research and product development expense of $11,239,000 (2022: $11,680,000) includes the costs of the internal DEP® drug
                        delivery programs including DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel, and DEP® irinotecan, DEP® ADCs and DEP® radiotheranostics,
                        and the VIRALEZE™ post market study. A contra research and development expense of $7,631,000 (2022: $7,261,000) has been




For personal use only
                        recognised for activities eligible under the Australian Government’s Research and Development Tax Incentive program.

                        Commercial and regulatory operating expense includes the expenditure related to the commercialisation of VivaGel®, VIRALEZE™           Consolidated Financial
                        and the DEP® portfolio, including business development, marketing, regulatory, supply chain and quality assurance activities.

                        Corporate, administration and finance expense includes corporate costs, gains/losses on foreign currency held, and interest            Statements
                        expense on borrowings. The increase over the prior year primarily reflects interest on borrowings, and a foreign currency movement
                        on foreign currencies held between the periods, with a higher gain in the prior corresponding period.

                        Balance sheet

                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                        At 30 June 2023 the group’s cash position was $35,180,000 (June 2022: $49,918,000). Trade and other receivables of $9,169,000
                        (June 2022: $7,916,000) includes $7,244,000 (June 2022: $6,747,000) receivable from the Australian Government under the R&D
                        tax incentive program. Current borrowings include the $4,000,000 Invest Victoria R&D loan from Treasury Corporation of Victoria


                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                        and a $778,000 loan to finance the Company’s insurance premiums.

                        Statement of cash flows
                        The net operating cash outflows for the year were $13,533,000 (2022: $13,162,000).

                        Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                                                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                        Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                                            ($0.04)            ($0.04)



                                                                                                                                                               Independent


                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                               Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                               Information




                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                               Property Report




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                                  Annual Report 2023   29
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Risk Management
                        The group is subject to business risks typical of companies operating
                        in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors at the development
                        and early commercialisation phase. Any investment in these sectors
                        is considered high-risk. Company management has implemented a                              1                           2
                        risk management and internal control system in order to manage the                      Identify                     Analyse
                        group’s material business risks.

                        The company’s risk management system comprises four steps:
                        1) risk identification, 2) analysis, 3) implementation of mitigation
                                                                                                                               Risk
                        controls and actions, and 4) monitoring and reporting of identified risks.                         Management
                                                                                                                             Process
                        The Audit and Risk Committee, on behalf of the Board, monitors the

                                                                                                                   4                          3
                        risk management system to ensure it is operating effectively and




For personal use only
                        receives reports on material risks. The material and specific risks of
                        the industry sector and the group identified through the company’s                      Monitor                    Actions &
                                                                                                                & Report                   Controls
                        risk management system include, but are not limited to:
                        • Scientific, technical and clinical – product development requires a
                          high level of scientific rigour, the outcomes of which cannot be known
                          beforehand. Activities are experimental in nature, so the risk of failure,
                          unexpected outcomes or delay are material.
                        • Key development activities, including clinical trials, are undertaken by specialist contract research organisations, and there
                          are risks in designing and completing those activities, including managing the quality and timelines of these activities.
                        • Regulatory – company products and their testing may not be approved, or may be delayed, amended or withdrawn, by regulatory
                          bodies (e.g. US Food and Drug Administration) whose approvals are necessary before products can be sold in market.
                          Changes in the regulatory environment may also impact product development and commercialisation. Breach of regulations,
                          local or international law, or industry codes of conduct may subject the company to financial penalty and reputational damage.
                        • Financial – the group currently, and since inception, does not receive sufficient recurrent income to cover operating expenses.
                          Although current cash reserves are sound, there is no certainty that additional capital funding may not be required in the future,
                          and no assurance can be given that such funding will be available if required.
                        • Intellectual property (IP) – commercial success requires the ability to develop, obtain and maintain commercially valuable
                          patents, trade secrets and confidential information. Securing, defending and maintaining IP across multiple countries and
                          preventing the infringement of the group’s exclusive rights involves managing complex legal, scientific and factual issues.
                          The company must also operate without infringing upon the IP of others.
                        • Commercialisation – the company predominately relies upon corporate and or commercial partners to market, distribute and
                          in some cases finalise development and registration of its products, on its behalf. There are risks in establishing and maintaining
                          these relationships, and with the manner in which partners execute and deliver on these agreements.
                        • Product manufacturing and supply – the company is required to manufacture and supply product under certain licensing
                          and distribution agreements, and under highly stringent quality and regulatory requirements. The manufacture of product is
                          undertaken by specialist, regulatory approved, third party contract manufacturing organisations experienced in the sector.
                          There is a risk of quality/failure of manufacture and a risk that supply chain disruptions lead to manufacturing and supply delays/
                          interruptions, which could impact profitability and/or damage relationships with partners. Further, changes in economic
                          circumstances may increase the cost and availability of product, negatively impacting the business.
                        • Product acceptance and competitiveness – a developed product may not be considered by key opinion leaders (e.g. doctors),
                          reimbursement authorities (e.g. Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme listing) or the end customer to be an effective alternative to
                          products already on market, or other products may be preferred.




          30            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                 Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration
                        • Product liability – a claim or product recall may significantly impact the company. Insurance, at an acceptable cost, may not
                          be available or be adequate to cover liability claims or any product recall costs (if any) if a product is found to be unsafe.         Report

                        • Key personnel – the company’s success and achievements against timelines depend on key members of its highly qualified,
                          specialised and experienced management and scientific teams. The ability to retain and attract such personnel is important.



                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Independence
                        • Grant and R&D incentives – the company may undertake R&D activities part-funded by incentive programs (e.g. R&D tax
                          incentive) and under other competitive grants. There is no certainty that grants or incentive programs will continue to be
                          available to the company, and changes in government policy may reduce their applicability.


                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        • Cyber security and data protection – the company recognises the increasing risk associated with cyber security and the
                          potential impact on business operations.
                        • Environment and climate change impact – the company continues to identify and manage any material risks and opportunities
                          presented by a changing global climate. Currently, the impact of climate change has been assessed to not be a material risk
                          on the company’s business activities. The company is committed to reducing and minimising its environmental impact across




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Financial
                          the business and value chain to support more sustainable operations and to improve human health.

                        In accordance with good business practice in the pharmaceutical industry, the group’s management actively and routinely


                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
                        employs a variety of risk management strategies. These are broadly described in the Corporate Governance Statement available
                        at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

                        Health and Safety
                        The Board, Chief Executive Officer and senior management team of the group are committed to providing and maintaining a
                        safe and healthy working environment for the company’s employees and anyone entering its premises or with connections to

                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated
                        the company’s business operations. Employees are encouraged to actively participate in the management of occupational
                        health and safety (OH&S) issues. The company has adopted an OH&S Policy and has an established OH&S Committee as part
                        of its overall approach to workplace safety. The OH&S Committee provides a forum for management and employees to consult


                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                        on health and safety matters. The primary role of the OH&S Committee is to coordinate the development and implementation
                        of the OH&S Policy and procedures, to consider any work-related safety matters or incidents, and to ensure compliance with
                        relevant legislation and guidelines. The OH&S Committee includes representatives of management and employees from each
                        operational area generally in proportion to the number of people working in the area and the perceived safety risks associated
                        with working in that area.

                        The OH&S Committee meets on a regular basis over the year. Updates on OH&S matters are provided at Board meetings.
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’

                        Environment and Regulation                                                                                                               Declaration

                        The group is subject to environmental regulations and other licences in respect of its research and development facilities and
                        there are adequate systems in place to ensure compliance with relevant federal, state and local environmental regulations.
                        The Board is not aware of any breach of applicable environmental regulations by the group. There were no significant changes
                        in laws or regulations during the 2023 financial year or since the end of the year affecting the business activities of the group,       Independent
                        and the Board is not aware of any such changes in the near future.
                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                 Information




                                                                                                                                                                 Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                 Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                 Directory




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023   31
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Meetings of Directors
                        The number of meetings of the company’s Board of Directors and of each committee held during the year ended 30 June 2023,
                        and the numbers of meetings attended by each director were:

                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
                                                                                                                              Audit and Risk and Nomination
                        Directors                                                                                   Board       Committee        Committee

                        R B Thomas                                                                                  8 of 8              3 of 3             3 of 3

                        J K Fairley                                                                                 8 of 8                N/A                  N/A

                        Z Peach   1
                                                                                                                    3 of 3              2 of 2             2 of 2

                        D J McIntyre                                                                                 7 of 8             3 of 3                 N/A




For personal use only
                        L Cheng                                                                                     8 of 8              3 of 3             3 of 3

                        J R Davies                                                                                   7 of 8               N/A              2 of 3

                        R Basser2                                                                                   3 of 4                N/A              0 of 1


                        The table above illustrates the number of meetings attended compared with the number of meetings held during the period
                        that the director held office or was a member of the committee. “N/A” denotes that the director is not a member of the
                        relevant committee.

                        1. Z Peach retired from the Board following the Company AGM in November 2022.
                        2. R Basser was appointed as a non-executive director on 20 February 2023. Mr Basser had leave pre-arranged prior to his appointment
                           as a non-executive director, which meant he was unable to attend one Board and one Remuneration and Nomination Committee meeting.




          32            Annual Report 2023                                     Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Remuneration Report                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration
                        The remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2023 sets out remuneration information for non-executive directors,
                        executive directors and other key management personnel of the group. The remuneration report is presented under                      Report
                        the following sections:
                        1.   Introduction
                        2. Remuneration governance

                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Independence
                        3. Non-executive director remuneration policy
                        4. Executive remuneration policy

                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                             (a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
                             (b) Remuneration principles and strategy
                             (c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
                             (d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY23




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial
                        5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
                        6. Details of remuneration


                                                                                                                                                             Statements
                        7.   Executive employment agreements
                        8. Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes



                        1. Introduction

                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated
                        Remuneration strategy
                        Starpharma aims to ensure that its remuneration strategy aligns the interests of its executives and employees with those of its


                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                        shareholders. In framing its remuneration strategy, the Board is conscious that Starpharma only has a small number of employees
                        (~45) so endeavours to keep its remuneration relatively straightforward. Starpharma’s staff are required to have specialist
                        knowledge and experience allowing them to develop products over the medium to long term. The fact that Starpharma operates
                        in a global pharmaceutical industry environment also influences its remuneration strategy.

                        The structure of remuneration comprises fixed remuneration, short-term incentives (“STI”) in both cash and equity, and equity-
                        based long-term incentives (“LTI”). Starpharma’s remuneration structure is transparent and based on Key Performance Indicators
                        (“KPIs”), which are designed to align with the interests of shareholders and to reward performance across multi-year timeframes      Directors’
                        related to product development value-adding milestones. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of          Declaration
                        events and circumstances not envisaged.

                        The Remuneration and Nominations Committee and Board explicitly considered the FY23 share price underperformance in
                        determining the STI cash bonus and STI deferred equity incentives for FY23, and in setting appropriate remuneration for directors
                        and executives for the forward year.                                                                                                 Independent


                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                             Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                             Information




                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                             Property Report




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate

                                                                                                                                                             Directory




                                                                               Starpharma Holdings Limited                             Annual Report 2023   33
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        1. Introduction continued
                        Key management personnel
                        The remuneration report details the remuneration arrangements for key management personnel (“KMP”) who are defined as those
                        persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the group, directly or
                        indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the parent.

                        The table below outlines the KMP of the group during the financial year ended 30 June 2023. The individuals were KMP for the
                        entire financial year, except where indicated in the table below. For the purposes of this report, the term “KMP executives” includes
                        the executive director and Other KMP executives of the group. “Other KMP executives” refers to KMP executives excluding the
                        CEO. Profiles for each of the directors and company secretary can be found at the beginning of the Directors’ Report.

                        (i) Non-executive directors
                        R B Thomas                           Non-executive Chairman




For personal use only
                        Z Peach                              Non-executive Director, resigned 29 November 2022

                        D J McIntyre                         Non-executive Director

                        L Cheng                              Non-executive Director

                        J R Davies                           Non-executive Director

                        R Basser                             Non-executive Director, appointed 20 February 2023

                        (ii) Executive director
                        J K Fairley                          Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director (CEO)

                        (iii) Other KMP executives
                        N J Baade                            Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary, resigned 31 March 2023

                        J W Cahill                           Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary, appointed 3 April 2023

                        A Eglezos                            VP, Business Development

                        J R Paull                            VP, Development & Regulatory Affairs




          34            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        2. Remuneration Governance
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, consisting of at least three independent non-executive directors, advises the
                        Board on remuneration policies and practices generally, and makes specific recommendations on remuneration packages and
                        other terms of employment for non-executive directors, KMP executives and other senior executives. Where required, external
                        remuneration advice may be sought by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee or the Board.

                        Specifically, the Board approves the remuneration arrangements of the CEO including awards made under the STI and LTI                     Auditor’s Independence
                        plans, following recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board approves, having regard

                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        to recommendations made by the CEO to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the level of remuneration, including
                        STI and LTI awards, for executives. The Board also sets the aggregate fee pool for non-executive directors (which is subject to
                        shareholder approval) and non-executive director fee levels.

                        The company’s remuneration structure aims to:




For personal use only
                        • attract and retain exceptional people to lead and manage the group and to support internal development of executive talent

                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                          within the group, recognising that Starpharma is operating in a competitive global pharmaceutical industry environment;
                        • align KMP executive remuneration structures to shareholders returns, as executives are set both short-term and long-term


                                                                                                                                                                  Statements
                          performance targets, which are linked to the core activities necessary to build competitive advantages and shareholder value;
                        • motivate and reward superior performance by the executive team whilst aligning performance elements/KPIs to the interests
                          of shareholders; and
                        • create a respectful culture based on superior performance and innovation through appropriately structured individual
                          assessments.



                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        Benchmarking
                        Extensive salary and remuneration benchmarking is undertaken by Starpharma each year for executive staff and non-executive
                        positions. Starpharma benchmarks fixed and total remuneration against employment positions of comparable specialisation,

                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                        size and responsibility within the industry. Fixed remuneration is supplemented by providing incentives (variable remuneration)
                        to reward superior performance.

                        Performance reviews
                        At the beginning of a performance period all staff have KPIs set specific to their role. At the conclusion of the performance period
                        a performance review against these KPIs is conducted and this feeds into the annual salary review process. The performance
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                        reviews consider behavioural and cultural aspects of performance, as well as objective planning and professional and personal
                        development. The objective of the salary review is to ensure that all employees are appropriately remunerated based on                    Declaration
                        performance, that remuneration is competitive within the relevant industry sector, and that increases in employees’ skills and
                        responsibilities are recognised. As part of the process, each employee’s performance is assessed against their pre-agreed
                        individual KPIs and/or business unit performance and corporate KPIs and this assessment determines, subject to business

                                                                                                                                                                  Independent
                        considerations such as cash availability, if an incentive award is payable and, if so, at what level. During the year a performance
                        review of all staff took place in accordance with this process.

                        Use of remuneration consultants                                                                                                           Auditor’s Report

                        If remuneration consultants are to be engaged to provide remuneration recommendations as defined in section 9B of the
                        Corporations Act 2001, they are to be engaged by, and report directly to, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                        No remuneration consultants were engaged to provide such remuneration services during the financial year.
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder
                        Voting at the company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting (AGM)
                                                                                                                                                                  Information
                        Of the votes cast on the company’s remuneration report for the 2022 financial year, 90% were in favour of the resolution.

                        As part of the group’s commitment to continuous improvement, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the
                        Board consider comments made by shareholders and proxy advisers in respect of remuneration-related issues. Members
                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual
                        of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee routinely engage with proxy advisers to discuss a range of governance and
                        remuneration matters.
                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                  Directory




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023   35
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        2. Remuneration Governance continued
                        Starpharma remuneration process summary


                            Board
                            Has overall responsibility for oversight of Starpharma’s remuneration policy and its principles and processes, and ensures
                            appropriate benchmarking and the group’s ability to pay are considered in remuneration-related decision-making.
                            Following recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Board considers and approves:
                            • Starpharma’s executive remuneration policy;
                            • the remuneration packages of the CEO and other senior executives;
                            • the ‘at-risk’ components of executive remuneration packages, including the structure and operation of equity-based
                              plans; and




For personal use only
                            • the remuneration of non-executive directors.




                                                            Inform
                                      Oversee                  &
                                         &                Recommend
                                      Approve




                                                                                                                  Remuneration consultants
                                                                                              Support             and other external advisers
                          Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                                                                                              & Advise
                          Reviews and recommends the following to the Board:                                      Where required, support the
                          • Starpharma’s executive remuneration policies;                                         Remuneration and Nomination
                                                                                                                  Committee by providing independent
                          • speciﬁc remuneration recommendations for the                                          advice on matters including:
                            CEO and other senior executives;
                                                                                                                  • benchmarking data;
                          • remuneration for non-executive directors;
                                                                                                                  • legal and regulatory advice on
                          • design of incentive plans; and                                                          remuneration-related issues for
                                                                                              Engage
                          • impacts of external market factors.                                                     directors and executives; and
                                                                                             & Oversee
                                                                                                                  • advice on incentive plans.




                                                            Inform
                                      Oversee                  &
                                         &                Recommend
                                      Approve




                          CEO
                          Reviews and recommends remuneration arrangements
                          and outcomes of performance assessments to
                          the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                          for senior executives.



                        Further information on the Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s role, responsibilities and membership is outlined in the
                        charter available at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.




          36            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        Trading in company securities
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        The trading of shares issued to participants under any of the company’s employee equity plans is governed by the
                        company’s securities dealing policy. All employees and directors are prohibited from entering into any hedging arrangements
                        over unvested securities and from margin lending on Starpharma securities. Further information regarding the company’s
                        dealing in securities policy is set out in the Corporate Governance Statement, and the policy is available at

                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                        http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

                        Clawback of remuneration

                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        In the reasonable opinion of the Board, if a KMP executive has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may determine
                        that any equity right (including an exercisable, vested right) should lapse.

                        3. Non-executive Director Remuneration Policy
                        Determination of fees and the maximum aggregate fee pool




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                        The Board seeks to set non-executive directors’ fees at a level which provides the group with the ability to attract and retain
                        non-executive directors of the highest calibre with relevant professional expertise. The fees also reflect the demands which are
                        made on, and the responsibilities of, the non-executive directors, whilst incurring a cost which is acceptable to shareholders.

                        Non-executive directors’ fees and the aggregate fee pool are reviewed annually by the Remuneration and Nomination                         Statements
                        Committee against fees paid to non-executive directors in a group of comparable peer companies within the pharma/
                        biotechnology sector and relevant companies in the broader ASX-listed market. The Chairman’s fees are determined by
                        the Remuneration and Nomination Committee independently of the fees of non-executive directors based on the same role,
                        again using benchmarking data from comparable companies in the biotechnology sector. The Board is ultimately responsible

                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        for approving any changes to non-executive director fees upon consideration of recommendations put forward by the
                        Remuneration and Nomination Committee.



                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                        The company’s constitution and the ASX listing rules specify that the non-executive directors’ maximum aggregate fee pool
                        shall be determined from time to time by a general meeting of shareholders. The latest determination was at the AGM held on
                        20 November 2014 when shareholders approved an aggregate fee pool of $550,000. The Board will not seek any increase
                        in the non-executive directors’ maximum fee pool at the 2023 AGM.

                        Fee policy
                        Non-executive directors’ fees consist of base fees and committee fees. The payment of committee fees recognises the additional            Directors’
                        time, responsibility and commitment required by non-executive directors who serve on board committees. The Chairman of the
                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        Board is a member of all committees but does not receive any committee fees in addition to the base fee.

                        Non-executive directors did not receive bonuses or forms of equity securities, or any performance-related remuneration
                        during the financial year. Statutory superannuation contributions are required under the Australian superannuation guarantee

                                                                                                                                                                  Independent
                        legislation to be paid on any fees paid to Australian directors. There are no retirement allowances paid to non-executive directors.
                        The non-executive directors’ fees reported below include any statutory superannuation contributions.

                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Report
                        Fees paid in FY23
                        The aggregate amount paid to non-executive directors for the year ended 30 June 2023 was $436,119 (2022: $399,699). The details
                        of remuneration for each non-executive director for the years ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022 are outlined in the tables
                        in section 6.
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                  Information




                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                  Directory




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Annual Report 2023   37
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        3. Non-executive Director Remuneration Policy continued
                        Proposed fee adjustments for FY24
                        From 1 July 2023, non-executive director fees will be subject to a modest increase of 2.6%. Included in this increase is an increase
                        in the compulsory superannuation contribution from 10.5% in FY23 to 11% in FY24.

                                                                                                                         Proposed fees      Actual fees to
                                                                                                                        from 1 July 2023    30 June 2023
                        Annual non-executive directors’ fees                                                                           $                 $

                        Board fees

                        Chair (no additional fees for serving on Board committees)                                               136,948          134,000

                        Deputy chair                                                                                             73,000            73,000




For personal use only
                        Base fee for other non-executive directors                                                                71,540           70,000

                        Committee fees

                        Audit and Risk Committee                                         Chair                                    11,500            11,000

                                                                                         Member                                   5,500             5,000

                        Remuneration and Nomination Committee                            Chair                                    11,500            11,000

                                                                                         Member                                   5,500             5,000


                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy
                        (a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
                        The group aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration appropriate to their position, skills, experience and
                        responsibilities, whilst being market competitive and enabling the company to retain staff and at the same time structuring awards
                        which conserve cash reserves.

                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, together with the Board, actively reviews the group’s remuneration structure,
                        and benchmarks the overall package and proportion of fixed remuneration, short-term incentives and long-term incentives
                        against relevant industry comparators to ensure the policy objectives are met and are in line with good corporate practice for
                        Starpharma’s size, industry and stage of development. Remuneration levels are considered annually through the remuneration
                        review, which considers industry benchmarks and the performance of the group and the individual. Other factors taken into
                        account in determining remuneration include a demonstrated record of performance and the group’s ability to pay. In the
                        case of executives, the CEO provides recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

                        Starpharma undertakes remuneration benchmarking each year with reference to multiple industry peers, together with, where
                        appropriate, other benchmarking reports which apply to specific positions. A group of peer companies from within the pharma/
                        biotechnology sector are included in the benchmarking exercise. In the benchmarking conducted for FY23, the peer companies
                        included Bionomics, Clarity Pharmaceuticals, Clinuvel, Immutep, Impedimed, Imugene, Incannex Heatlhcare, Mayne Pharma,
                        Medical Developments International, Mesoblast, Monash IVF, Nanosonics, Neuren, Opthea, Paradigm Biopharmaceuticals,
                        Pharmaxis, Polynovo, Race Oncology, Rhythm Biosciences, Telix, and 4DMedical. Starpharma typically reviews and develops
                        this benchmark list of peer companies annually to add and remove companies based on their current operations, their size,
                        market capitalisation, and the complexity of their business. For some executive roles it may be necessary to add or modify the
                        composition of the peer group to ensure comparable roles are benchmarked.

                        In reviewing the benchmarking data and determining the level of CEO pay, the Board considers the experience and calibre
                        of its CEO in comparison to Starpharma’s industry peers, ensuring that remuneration is commensurate with talent, skills and
                        experience. There are no guaranteed base pay increases or bonuses in any executive contracts.

                         The CEO has a maximum cash bonus entitlement as a component of STI, which for FY23 was $265,756, representing a target of
                        15% of total remuneration. Other executives do not have a pre-specified maximum cash bonus entitlement; however, bonuses
                        are awarded from a target shared pool for executives as a percentage of total fixed remuneration, based on personal and business
                        unit KPIs and subject to cash availability. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee considers that this approach provides
                        flexibility in rewarding superior executive performance and is appropriate for the size of the company at this time, enabling it to
                        manage its cash reserves as required. For FY23, the STI target cash bonus pool for other bonus eligible KMP executives was 24%
                        of fixed remuneration to align with the strategy to balance the STI ‘at risk’ portions of remuneration for Other KMP executives
                        between cash and equity.




          38            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        (b) Remuneration principles and strategy
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        The group’s executive remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain high-performing individuals and align
                        the interests of executives with shareholders, recognising it is operating in the international pharmaceutical industry, and is
                        summarised below.



                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                                                              Remuneration strategy linkages to group objectives

                        Align the interests of executives with shareholders:                Attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals:


                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        • The remuneration framework incorporates “at risk”                 • The remuneration offering is competitive for companies
                          components, which are determined by performance,                    of similar size and complexity within the industry through
                          through STI and LTI.                                                benchmarking.
                        • Performance is assessed against a suite of measures               • The mix of short and longer-term remuneration encourages
                          relevant to the success of the group and generating                 retention and performance across multiple years as




For personal use only
                          growth and returns for shareholders.                                appropriate for the lifecycle of the group.

                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial



                                                                                                                                                                  Statements
                        Component                       Vehicle                             Purpose                          Link to performance

                        Fixed remuneration              Base salary, superannuation         To provide competitive           Group and individual
                                                        contributions and other             fixed remuneration set           performance are considered
                                                        benefits (breakdown of              with reference to the role,      during the annual remuneration
                                                        fixed remuneration is at the        market and experience.           review.
                                                        executive’s discretion).

                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        Short-term incentives (STI)     Cash and equity                     Rewards executives for their     Allocation of cash bonuses
                                                                                            contribution to achievement      and vesting of equity linked
                        (Performance period             The equity instrument is


                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                                                                                            of business outcomes.            to internal KPIs, both business
                        of less than 3 years)           currently performance
                                                                                            Deferred equity acts as a        unit and corporate, over
                                                        rights, which is based on a
                                                                                            retention tool and aligns with   the medium term, which
                                                        performance assessment,
                                                                                            interests of shareholders.       are important drivers of
                                                        with a 1-year performance
                                                                                                                             value and typical within the
                                                        period and deferred vesting
                                                                                                                             biotechnology industry.
                                                        of a further one year, subject
                                                                                                                             For example, achievement
                                                        to continued employment.                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                             of specified development,
                                                                                                                             clinical, regulatory and             Declaration
                                                                                                                             commercial milestones.

                        Long-term incentives (LTI)      Equity                              Rewards executives for their     Vesting of grants are
                                                                                            contribution to the creation     dependent on internal
                                                                                                                                                                  Independent
                        (Performance period             The equity instrument is
                                                                                            of shareholder value over        measures, both business unit
                        of 3 years or more)             currently performance
                                                                                            the longer term, acts as a       and corporate over the longer
                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Report
                                                        rights with a 3-year
                                                                                            retention tool and aligns with   term; and total shareholder
                                                        performance period.
                                                                                            interests of shareholders.       return (TSR) relative to the
                                                                                                                             S&P/ASX300 Index.

                        The target remuneration mix is outlined in the diagrams below.
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder
                        Target Remuneration Mix
                                                                                                                                                                  Information


                                                                                                    LTI Equity
                                                                     Total Fixed                      30%
                                                                        35%
                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual
                        LTI Equity
                          40%
                                                                                                                          OTHER
                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report
                                                                                                                                                Total Fixed
                                                 CEO                                                                       KMP                     50%
                                                                                                                          EXEC

                                                                       STI                            STI
                                                                   Cash Bonus                     Cash Bonus                                                      Corporate
                                                                    & Equity                       & Equity
                                                                                                                                                                  Directory
                                                                      25%                            20%




                                                                               Starpharma Holdings Limited                                  Annual Report 2023   39
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy continued
                        (b) Remuneration principles and strategy continued
                        The STI and LTI components of remuneration are variable and are linked to pre-determined performance conditions, such as
                        KPIs, that are designed to reward executives based on the company’s performance, the performance of the relevant business
                        unit and demonstrated individual superior performance. The details are outlined on pages 40 to 44 of this report.

                        To achieve the target remuneration mix, the below performance pay structure was applied in FY23 and is consistent with the
                        prior year.



                                       FIXED




For personal use only
                                                                     Performance
                                       STI – CASH                      Review




                                                                     Performance                           Deferral
                                       STI – EQUITY                    Review                               Date
                         Face Value
                         of Equity @
                          3−month
                          VWAP to
                                                                                                                                     Performance     Vesting
                           30 June     LTI – EQUITY                                                                                    Review         Date


                                             AGM Date (shareholder approval)

                         Apr – June             Year 1                                    Year 2                        Year 3
                                             July – June                                July – June                   July – June



                        (c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
                        Starpharma Short-Term Incentives (STI) – includes cash bonus and short-term equity
                        The group operates an annual STI program available to executives comprised of cash and equity incentives. The STI is ‘at risk’
                        remuneration and subject to achieving clearly defined KPIs.

                        Who participates?                  Executives.

                        How are STIs delivered?            Cash bonus and performance rights, both based on a 1-year performance period, with the
                                                           performance rights conditional upon a deferred vesting date of a further one year, subject to
                                                           continued employment.
                                                           Providing some rights that vest in the short term allows the company to preserve cash by offering
                                                           equity as a short-term incentive in addition to smaller cash bonuses. This is common practice for
                                                           companies at a similar stage of their lifecycle.
                                                           During FY23 the CEO and executives were awarded STI equity with a 1-year performance
                                                           period (1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023), with a deferred vesting date of 30 June 2024 dependent
                                                           on continued employment to the vesting date.

                        What is the STI opportunity? The STI opportunity is a target of ~25% and ~20% of total remuneration for the CEO and Other KMP
                                                     executives, respectively. The CEO STI opportunity for FY23 was 20% or ~ 80% of the 25% target,
                                                     comprising of a cash component (67%) and an equity component (33%). The STI cash opportunity
                                                     component was equivalent to 24% of total fixed remuneration.
                                                           Other KMP executives were awarded STI equity for the 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023 performance
                                                           period based on the achievement of their pre-determined KPIs.
                                                           In FY23, Other KMP executives had an average target STI opportunity of 20% of total remuneration.
                                                           The cash bonuses awarded to Other KMP executives in FY23 equated to an average of 14% of total
                                                           remuneration or an average of 25% (excluding a sign on bonus payable to Mr Cahill) of total fixed
                                                           remuneration, based on achievements in the year.




          40            Annual Report 2023                                         Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                           Directors’
                                                                                                                                                           Report




                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration

                        What are the STI           Actual STI payments awarded to each executive depend on the extent to which they meet                   Report
                        performance conditions     specific KPIs set at the beginning of the period. The KPIs are typical of a biotechnology company
                        for FY23?                  at Starpharma’s stage of development and may include corporate KPIs and business unit KPIs
                                                   relating to strategic and operational objectives. Details of the corporate KPIs for performance,
                                                   which was assessed during FY23, are explained in section 5 of the remuneration report. Given the

                                                                                                                                                           Auditor’s Independence
                                                   company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as earnings per share) are not entirely
                                                   relevant in linking pay to performance.



                                                                                                                                                           Declaration
                                                   The proportion of performance measures applicable in determining STI awards for the CEO
                                                   and other executives are noted in the table below:

                                                                                    Corporate KPIs                   Business units KPIs

                                                   STI cash bonus                   CEO 100%                         Other executives 100%




For personal use only
                                                   STI performance rights           CEO 100%                         Other executives 70%

                                                                                                                                                           Consolidated Financial
                                                                                    Other executives 30%



                                                                                                                                                           Statements
                                                   Details regarding LTI performance conditions are contained on page 42.

                        How is performance         For the CEO, at the end of each performance period (typically annually), after consideration of
                        assessed?                  actual performance against KPIs, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends
                                                   for Board approval of the amount of STI to be paid from the maximum entitlement.
                                                   For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee seeks


                                                                                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated
                                                   recommendations from the CEO and then makes recommendations to the Board.

                        When is performance        The performance period aligns with the financial year. Performance is assessed following the end
                        assessed and when are      of the financial year to allow for timely disclosure of performance-related awards in the annual


                                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
                        awards paid or vested?     remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                   The STI cash component is paid approximately three months following the end of the financial
                                                   year and once the performance assessment review is complete.
                                                   For STI equity, a proportion of rights, based on the performance assessment, will be available
                                                   (deferred) to vest on 30 June of the following year, subject to continued employment at that date.
                                                                                                                                                           Directors’
                                                   Any rights forfeited based on the performance assessment will be forfeited within the first three
                                                   months of the new financial year following the performance assessment.
                                                                                                                                                           Declaration
                                                   Once performance rights have vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into
                                                   shares during prescribed exercise windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for
                                                   exercising vested rights is 15 years from the grant date.

                                                                                                                                                           Independent
                        Is performance against     Whilst the company’s policy is not to disclose commercially sensitive information, consistent with
                        KPIs disclosed?            best practice disclosure obligations, it will retrospectively disclose the achievement of corporate

                                                                                                                                                           Auditor’s Report
                                                   KPIs to the extent commercially practicable.
                                                   Specific metrics are applied to each KPI to assist in the assessment undertaken for each
                                                   performance period. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events
                                                   and circumstances not envisaged when a KPI was set.

                        Contractual entitlement?   Only the CEO has a STI cash bonus entitlement whereby the maximum amount achievable is set.             Shareholder
                                                   There is no predetermined STI equity entitlement. No other executive service agreements contain
                                                                                                                                                           Information
                                                   any contractual entitlement to STI cash or equity.

                        What happens if an         If an employee ceases employment, all unvested rights lapse.
                        executive leaves?
                                                   In certain circumstances the Board may determine the accelerated vesting of rights if the

                                                                                                                                                           Intellectual
                                                   employee ceases employment due to death, illness, permanent disability, redundancy or
                                                   any other exceptional circumstance approved by the Board. The Board determination is after

                                                                                                                                                           Property Report
                                                   considering the portion of the performance period that has elapsed and the extent to which
                                                   performance conditions have been met.

                        What happens on            Board discretion, after considering the portion of the performance period that has elapsed
                        a change of control?       and the extent to which performance conditions have been met.

                        What happens in the case   If, in the opinion of the Board, an employee has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may       Corporate

                        of fraud/dishonesty?       determine that any unvested right granted to that employee, or any vested right, not exercised,         Directory
                                                   would lapse.



                                                                         Starpharma Holdings Limited                                 Annual Report 2023   41
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy continued
                        (c) Details of executive equity incentive plans continued
                        Starpharma Short-Term Incentives (STI) – includes cash bonus and short-term equity continued

                        Re-testing                     There is no re-testing of KPIs in subsequent years if performance conditions are not met.

                        How is the conversion          The conversion of performance rights is currently satisfied by the issue of new shares, rather than a
                        of performance rights          purchase of shares on market, to conserve the company’s cash reserves. This is common practice
                        to shares satisfied?           for companies at a similar stage of their lifecycle. This is reviewed periodically and purchases of
                                                       shares on market may be undertaken in the future if appropriate.

                        Are performance rights         Performance rights – whether unvested, or vested and not exercised, are not eligible to
                        eligible for dividends?        receive dividends.




For personal use only
                        Starpharma Long-Term Incentives (LTI) – Equity
                        Participation in these plans is at the Board’s discretion. For key appointments, an initial allocation of long-term equity incentives
                        may be offered as a component of the initial employment agreement. The LTI is ‘at-risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving
                        the relevant KPIs.

                        Who participates?              Executives.

                        How are LTIs delivered?        Performance rights with a performance/vesting period of 3 years or more. The LTI performance
                                                       rights awarded during FY23 have 3-year performance periods for all executives.

                        What is the                    The CEO’s LTI opportunity for FY23 was 40% of total remuneration. For Other KMP executives,
                        LTI opportunity?               the LTI opportunity for FY23 was 30% of total remuneration. As outlined in section 4 of the
                                                       remuneration report, the target LTI opportunity is 40% and 30% of total remuneration for the
                                                       CEO and Other KMP executives, respectively.

                        What are the LTI               Corporate KPIs reflect long-term (3-year) strategic, operational and financial management
                        performance conditions         objectives. These relate to key value creating events and significant milestones that are linked
                        for the performance            to Starpharma’s business areas. For the 3-year performance period to 30 June 2023 these were:
                        period to 30 June 2023?        • the monetisation of the VivaGel® and DEP® drug delivery portfolios represented by the
                                                         generation of revenue, or value from assets sales(s), through the completion of a number of
                                                         commercial deals that build shareholder value; and
                                                       • optimisation of returns from VivaGel® revenue, development of new DEP® candidates and/or
                                                         the licensing (and/or asset sales) of DEP® candidates.
                                                       Due to the commercially sensitive nature of the specific performance metrics within these
                                                       KPIs, Starpharma will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the extent
                                                       commercially practicable in the Annual Report.
                                                       In maintaining the link between executive remuneration outcomes and the returns to shareholders,
                                                       relative total shareholder return (TSR) is considered a relevant performance condition in respect
                                                       of LTIs. The relative TSR hurdle reflects Starpharma’s TSR compared to the S&P/ASX300
                                                       Accumulation Index (Index), and includes share price growth, and any dividends and capital
                                                       returns. The Board has chosen this Index for the TSR comparator group as it provides an external,
                                                       market-based performance measure to which the company’s performance can be compared
                                                       in relative terms. The Index is considered appropriate as it provides a comparison of shareholder
                                                       returns that is relevant to investors, and reflects the aspiration of the company.
                                                       The Board considers that the Index is a more appropriate comparator than a customised group
                                                       of peer companies due to the inherent volatility of each of these companies, typical within the
                                                       biotechnology industry. In the past, the performance of Starpharma’s industry peers has been
                                                       particularly volatile, with a number of companies experiencing significant decreases in market
                                                       capitalisation, and a number going through some type of corporate activity (e.g. takeovers) or
                                                       are no longer ASX listed. Given that the relative TSR is measured over a 3-year period, the Index
                                                       is favoured as a more stable and appropriate comparator. Also, the published S&P/ASX 200
                                                       Healthcare Index was considered as a possible comparator, however, was determined to be
                                                       inappropriate given its concentrated composition including CSL Limited and other large service
                                                       oriented companies, such as private hospitals. Each year, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                       Committee and the Board review the suitability of the Index as a comparator.



          42            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                             Directors’
                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration

                        What are the LTI          To achieve the full relative TSR performance condition, Starpharma’s TSR must achieve 10%                  Report
                        performance conditions    per annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index, which is considered a realistic stretch target.
                        for the performance
                                                  The table below sets out the percentage of performance rights that will vest depending on the
                        period to 30 June 2023?
                                                  company’s TSR compared to the Index over the relevant period.
                        continued

                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Independence
                                                  Annualised Starpharma TSR compared                  Percentage of rights subject to the relative
                                                  with the Index                                      TSR performance condition which vest


                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                                                  Below Index                                         0%

                                                  Equal to Index                                      50%

                                                  Between Index and Index + 9.99%                     Pro rata basis from 51% to 99%

                                                  At least 10% per annum above Index                  100%




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial
                                                  (or ≥ 30% over 3 years)


                                                  For example, if the TSR of the Index is 10% per annum, then Starpharma would need to achieve

                                                                                                                                                             Statements
                                                  a TSR of 20% per annum or more for all of the relative TSR-related performance rights to vest.
                                                  The above hurdle recognises the return that investors expect when investing in the biotechnology
                                                  sector. The Board considers an additional return of 10% per annum (or 30% over 3 years) above
                                                  the Index to be a realistic stretch target for all relative TSR rights to vest.
                                                  The performance measures applicable in determining LTI awards for the CEO and other executives
                                                  and the relative proportions are noted in the table below:

                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated
                                                                           Corporate KPIs             TSR                     Business unit KPIs



                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                                                  CEO                      70%                        30%                     N/A

                                                  Other executives         15%                        15%                     70%


                                                  The Board considers 30% and 15% of LTI equity as the appropriate portion for relative TSR for
                                                  the CEO and other executives, respectively. In determining the percentages for FY23, the Board
                                                  considered input from investors and proxy advisers to arrive at a level that was considered
                                                  meaningful as a measure of performance, and sufficient to be relevant.                                     Directors’

                                                  The relative TSR performance measure does not allow for a portion of the award to vest at                  Declaration
                                                  below median performance, which is consistent with good market practice. Additionally, the
                                                  Board maintains absolute discretion in finalising remuneration outcomes for incentive-based
                                                  awards to the CEO and other executives. The Board may exercise its discretion (either up or

                                                                                                                                                             Independent
                                                  down) to take into account the impacts of external market conditions outside the control of
                                                  management. The Board is cognisant of ensuring fairness and that any exercise of discretion

                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Report
                                                  reinforces Starpharma’s strategy and remuneration policy. Accordingly, in the event that the Index
                                                  has performed particularly poorly, the Board may exercise its discretion to prevent excessive
                                                  executive awards in years of poor shareholder returns.

                        How is performance        At the end of each performance period, after consideration of actual performance against
                        assessed?                 KPIs, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends the amount of LTIs to vest
                                                                                                                                                             Shareholder
                                                  to the CEO for approval by the Board. For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and
                                                  Nomination Committee seeks recommendations from the CEO, and then makes recommendations                    Information
                                                  to the Board.
                                                  Relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm with specialist expertise.


                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                             Property Report




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate

                                                                                                                                                             Directory




                                                                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Annual Report 2023   43
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy continued
                        (c) Details of executive equity incentive plans continued
                        Starpharma Long-Term Incentives (LTI) – Equity continued

                        When is performance            The performance period aligns with the financial year. Performance is assessed following the end
                        assessed and when are          of the financial year to allow for the timely disclosure of performance-related awards in the annual
                        awards paid or vest?           remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                       For LTI equity, the rights will vest on 30 September following the performance assessment.
                                                       Once vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed
                                                       exercise windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested
                                                       rights is 15 years from the grant date.




For personal use only
                        Is performance against         Same as for STI.
                        KPIs disclosed?

                        Contractual entitlement?       There are no predetermined LTI equity entitlements.

                        What happens if an             Same as for STI.
                        executive leaves?

                        What happens on                Same as for STI.
                        a change of control?

                        What happens in the            Same as for STI.
                        case of fraud/dishonesty?

                        Re-testing                     Same as for STI.

                        How is the conversion          Same as for STI.
                        of performance rights
                        to shares satisfied?

                        Are performance rights         Same as for STI.
                        eligible for dividends?


                        (d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY23
                        In FY23, the Board determined the number of rights granted for STI and LTI equity based on the face value of rights (see below)
                        and the target remuneration mix as set out on page 39.

                        Starpharma uses and reports face value for determining the allocation of equity as it provides transparency on the value of
                        the allocations compared with fair value. This practice reflects the increasingly accepted view by industry that presenting
                        remuneration equity at face value provides a more accurate representation of the true value of that equity and for users to
                        understand the value of these awards.

                        The face value of each right is based on the volume weighted average price (“VWAP”) of the company’s shares traded on the
                        ASX over the 3-month period to 30 June 2023, which reflects the beginning of the performance period. The 3-month period has
                        been determined to be the appropriate duration for the calculation of the VWAP as it limits any unintended consequences of
                        short-term volatility in the company’s share price and is consistent with the duration used in the calculation of TSR for the relative
                        TSR performance condition. The face value is not adjusted for changes (increases or decreases) in share price post 30 June,
                        which has been the practice since 2015. The face value for each right was $0.7665.




          44            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration
                        The below tables summarise the equity incentives granted in FY23:
                                                                                                                                                                               Report

                                                                                                            Deferred STI equity                               LTI equity

                                                        Performance period                          1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023            1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025


                                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                                                        Deferral period                                  12 months from end of                          Not applicable
                                                                                                           performance period



                                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                                                        Vesting date                                               30 June 2024                   30 September 2025

                                                        Face value per right                                Based on 3-month VWAP to 30 June 2022 of $0.7665

                                                        Method for calculating number          Total value of grant at face value divided by the face value per right
                                                        of rights




For personal use only
                        J K Fairley                     Face value of grant                                              $174,708                             $698,834

                                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                        (CEO and
                                                        Number of rights                                                  227,930                                   911,721
                        Managing Director)


                                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                                                        Fair value per AASB2   #
                                                                                                                         $118,820                             $408,734

                                                        Performance conditions                             100% corporate KPIs                    70% corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                    30% relative TSR

                        J Paull                         Face value of grant                                              $54,422                               $217,686
                        (Other KMP executives)
                                                        Number of rights                                                   71,000                              284,000

                                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                                                        Fair value per AASB2†                                            $42,998                               $161,336

                                                        Performance conditions                           70% business unit KPIs                70% business unit KPIs


                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                                                                                           30% corporate KPIs                    15% corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                    15% relative TSR

                        N J Baade                       Face value of grant                                              $49,823                               $199,290
                        A Eglezos
                                                        Number of rights                                                  65,000                               260,000
                        (Other KMP executives)

                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                                                        Fair value per AASB2†                                            $39,364                               $147,702

                                                        Performance conditions                           70% business unit KPIs                70% business unit KPIs          Declaration
                                                                                                           30% corporate KPIs                    15% corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                    15% relative TSR

                                                        Other vesting conditions                                          Remains employed until the vesting date
                                                                                                                                                                               Independent
                                                                                                                        and has not engaged in fraud or dishonesty

                        # The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the AGM date when shareholders approved the grant of the rights.              Auditor’s Report
                        † The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the date when the performance rights were granted.




                                                                                                                                                                               Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                               Information




                                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                               Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                                                                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited                                         Annual Report 2023     45
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        5. Executive Remuneration Outcomes, Including Link to Performance
                        Given the company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as profitability) are not necessarily an appropriate measure
                        of executive performance. The company’s remuneration policy aligns executive reward with the interests of shareholders.
                        The primary focus is on growth in shareholder value through achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones,
                        and therefore performance goals are not necessarily linked to typical financial performance measures utilised by companies
                        operating in other market segments. However, the Board recognises that share price performance is clearly relevant to the
                        extent that it reflects shareholder returns, and as such Starpharma’s TSR relative to the S&P/ASX300 Index is used as a relevant
                        metric for portions of executive equity awards. Details of share price, earnings and the impact of share price performance on
                        the vesting of certain performance rights over the last 5 years is detailed in the table below. No dividends have been paid in
                        the last 5 years.

                                                                                               FY23           FY22          FY21            FY20                 FY19

                        Closing share price 30 June                                            $0.31         $0.74         $1.50             $1.13               $1.36




For personal use only
                        Share price high                                                      $0.85          $1.55         $2.52             $1.43               $1.66

                        Share price low                                                       $0.27          $0.62         $1.02            $0.62               $0.87

                        Profit/(Loss) for the year ($M)                                         (15.6)        (16.2)        (19.7)               (14.7)           (14.3)

                        Number of performance rights forfeited by CEO based on               191,152        161,039       22,293                    –                –
                        share price performance for the period ending 30 June
                        (or otherwise in the FY)

                        % of performance rights forfeited by CEO based on share                 22%           25%            3%                   0%               0%
                        price performance (as a percentage of total performance
                        rights) for the period ending 30 June (or otherwise in the FY)


                        Fixed remuneration
                        The average increase in KMP executive fixed remuneration for FY23 was 3.6% (FY22: 2.7%). The increases in the total fixed remuneration
                        package for individual KMP executives were between 3.5% and 3.7% for the year.

                        Performance-related pay
                        In the assessment of STI and LTI KPIs, the Board took into account the significant achievements obtained in the performance
                        periods and the effort and dedication required to accomplish these milestones. These achievements include those listed
                        on pages 48 to 50.

                        Short-term incentives (STI)
                        Summary of performance pay related to FY23 for the CEO
                                                                                                                                     STI cash               STI equity
                                                                                                                                           ($)            (# of rights)

                        Maximum available                                                                                       $265,756                      227,930

                        STI awarded                                                                                             $140,850                     120,803

                        % awarded                                                                                                       53%                      53%


                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that the CEO had achieved a performance assessment
                        of 53% of STI awards for the performance period 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023, based on the annual review of actual performance
                        against predetermined KPIs. These targets were set by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board at the
                        beginning of the performance period and align to the company’s strategic, operational and financial objectives. STI equity
                        awards for the CEO in FY23 were based on the scorecard measures and weightings as disclosed below.




          46            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        Summary of performance pay related to FY23 for Other KMP executives
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        For STI awards for Other KMP executives, the CEO assesses the Other KMP executives’ performance against predetermined
                        KPIs relevant to their business unit. These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs,
                        with 30% of STI equity awards based on the percentage achievement of corporate KPIs as disclosed above. The achievement
                        of corporate KPIs requires significant input and strong performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations

                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                        to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board in respect of the STI performance assessment and amounts to
                        be awarded.



                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that Other KMP executives had achieved an average
                        performance assessment of 71% of STI awards (between 65% and 78%) for the performance period 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023.
                        STI equity awards to Other KMP executives for FY23 were consistent with their performance assessment.

                        Long-term incentives (LTI)




For personal use only
                        Summary of performance pay for the CEO for the three years ended 30 June 2023

                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                                                                                                                              LTI equity
                                                                                                                            (# of rights)      % achieved


                                                                                                                                                                  Statements
                        Maximum available                                                                                        637,173

                        LTI achieved

                           KPIs for 3 years to 30 June 2023                                                                     229,382              51.4%

                           Relative TSR for 3 years to 30 June 2023                                                                  0%                 0%


                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        Total LTI achieved                                                                                      229,382

                        % achieved                                                                                                36.0%


                        Performance assessment of relative TSR for the three years ended 30 June 2023                                                             Financial Statements

                        The company’s total shareholder return (TSR) was benchmarked against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the
                        three-year performance period ended 30 June 2023. The company’s TSR over the period was (65.5%) compared with an Index
                        TSR over the period of 21.4%. The company’s annualised TSR for the period was (29.9%) compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index’s
                        annualised TSR of 6.7%. As a result, 0% relative TSR component vested based on the prescribed sliding scale as set out on page 43.
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                        The TSR calculations were performed by an independent professional services firm.
                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        The table below provides a summary of the achievement of annualised TSR performance:

                                                                                                                               3 years to         3 years to
                        Performance period                                                                                 30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                                                  Independent
                        Starpharma annualised TSR                                                                                (29.9%)             (15.6%)

                        Index annualised TSR                                                                                       6.7%               (0.3%)      Auditor’s Report

                        Starpharma over/(under) performance of Index (annualised over 3 years)                                   (36.6%)             (15.3%)

                        % of relative TSR awarded                                                                                    0%                 0%
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder

                        Summary of performance pay for Other KMP executives for the three years ended 30 June 2023                                                Information
                        For LTI awards for Other KMP executives, the CEO assesses their performance against predetermined KPIs relevant to their
                        business unit. These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 15% of LTI equity awards
                        based on the percentage achievement of corporate KPIs, and the remaining 15% based on relative TSR (as disclosed above).

                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual
                        The achievement of corporate KPIs requires significant input and superior performance from the executive team. The CEO
                        makes recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board in respect of the LTI performance

                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report
                        assessment and amounts to be awarded.

                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that Other KMP executives had achieved a performance
                        assessment of between 78% and 83% (average 81%) for business unit KPIs for the performance period 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023
                        for determining LTI awards.
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                  Directory




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Annual Report 2023   47
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        5. Executive Remuneration Outcomes, Including Link to Performance continued
                        Long-term incentives (LTI) continued
                        Summary of performance pay for Other KMP executives for the three years ended 30 June 2023 continued

                                                                                                                                    Performance period
                        STI performance assessment                                                                              1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023

                        Performance category         Metric                                                                      Weighting         Satisfied
                        Development, registration Continue commercial roll-out of VIRALEZE™ and further                                25%      Partially met
                        and commercialisation     development activities to support regulatory and marketing
                        of VIRALEZE™              activities and sales.
                        Regulatory and               Advance further VivaGel® BV registrations in multiple countries,                   5%      Partially met




For personal use only
                        commercialisation            with priority given to major markets and facilitate partners to roll out
                        activities for VivaGel® BV   and launch the product in multiple markets, pursue partnerships
                                                     for remaining unlicensed countries, and optimise returns.
                        Clinical stage internal      Progress internal clinical DEP® programs into and through clinical                23%      Partially met
                        DEP® programs                development (or sign a licence, as appropriate) with a focus on
                                                     expediting outcomes and building value, which may be through
                                                     additional indications and/or combinations.
                        Preclinical DEP®             Advance additional internal DEP® product candidates through                        14%     Partially met
                        candidate(s)                 preclinical development (or sign a licence, as appropriate).
                        Partnered DEP®               Secure new DEP® partnered programs and support and further                        25%      Partially met
                        programs                     develop existing partnered DEP® programs and/or expanded
                                                     field/products and/or progress with new partnering deals/licences.
                        Capital management,          Manage the company’s finances in a prudent manner to create                        8%      Partially met
                        culture and leadership       value, increase recurrent revenues and maintain and enhance the
                                                     reputation for corporate responsibility and effectively manage
                                                     organisational culture and people to achieve superior performance.
                                                                                                                                      100%


                        In making this STI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors,
                        with other commercially sensitive matters also taken into account.
                        • Ongoing VIRALEZE™ regulatory and commercial activities, including:
                          – Achieved VIRALEZE™ registrations in Indonesia and Malaysia, bringing the total number of countries where the product is
                            registered to more than 35, including across the UK, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Additional regulatory submissions
                            were made in other regions during the year.
                          – Supported the launch and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™ in Hong Kong and Macau, following signing of a sales and
                            distribution agreement with Hengan Group.
                          – Supported commercial partners with marketing materials, timely launches and product supply.
                          – Expanded Starpharma’s e-commerce channels for VIRALEZE™ in the UK, making VIRALEZE™ available through a dedicated
                            product website and Amazon UK.
                          – Progressed discussions with other potential commercial partners for VIRALEZE™.
                          – Commenced recruitment for a post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in COVID-19 patients in the UK in December 2022
                            after receiving all requisite regulatory and ethics approvals. Recruitment is more than 90% complete at the end of FY23.
                          – Generated new data at Scripps Research in the US on the efficacy of VIRALEZE™ against SARS-CoV-2 Omicron infection
                            in an animal challenge model. These data were presented at the international virology conference Respi DART in Mexico in
                            December 2022.




          48            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                      Report




                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration
                        • Ongoing VivaGel® BV regulatory and commercial activities, including:
                                                                                                                                                                      Report
                          – Continued to support both Aspen and Mundipharma supply, sales and marketing activities in their licensed regions.
                          – Provided support to Mundipharma for additional VivaGel® BV registrations and planned product launches in the Middle East
                            and Southeast Asia, with product supplied and launch activities advanced.


                                                                                                                                                                      Auditor’s Independence
                          – Supported marketing campaigns by Aspen to build brand awareness and sales in Australia and New Zealand, including
                            for consumer and healthcare professional audiences.
                          – Continued to pursue registrations in other territories including in Asia, the Middle East and Africa.

                                                                                                                                                                      Declaration
                          – Supported commercial partners with marketing materials, technical input and ongoing product supply.
                          – Continued to pursue FDA approval for VivaGel® BV, working with a team of expert regulatory advisers, lawyers and
                            statisticians to progress a formal review, including detailed submissions. The formal FDA review is ongoing.
                        • Progress with internal clinical-stage DEP® assets, including:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                      Consolidated Financial
                          – Completed recruitment and treatment for the Phase 2 DEP® cabazitaxel trial. Interim results from the prostate cancer cohort
                            were presented at the ESMO Congress in September 2022.
                          – Completed recruitment and treatment for the Phase 2 DEP® docetaxel monotherapy trial.

                                                                                                                                                                      Statements
                          – Completed recruitment for the Phase 2 DEP® irinotecan monotherapy trial.
                          – Progressed the ongoing combination arms of both the Phase 2 DEP® docetaxel plus gemcitabine trial and the Phase 2 DEP®
                            irinotecan plus 5-FU/leucovorin trial with these nearing completion.
                          – Partnering discussions for all three DEP® candidates with commercial discussions across a range of regions.



                                                                                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated
                        • Develop the preclinical DEP® pipeline:
                          – Progressed DEP® radiotheranostic candidates, targeted and untargeted, and released new data on DEP® HER2-zirconium,
                            a radiodiagnostic, showing benefits in a HER2+ breast cancer model.


                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
                          – Progressed DEP® Antibody-Drug Conjugate (ADC) candidates, including HER2-targeted DEP® ADC, which demonstrated
                            significant anti-tumour activity and improved survival in a HER2+ ovarian cancer model.
                        • Progressed existing and cultivated new partnered DEP® programs, including:
                          – Progressed partnered DEP® programs, including with MSD, Genentech, and Chase Sun.
                          – Supported AstraZeneca in their development activities for AZD0466.
                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’
                          – Expanded DEP® programs with both MSD and Genentech during the financial year.
                                                                                                                                                                      Declaration
                          – Undertook business development activities and commercial discussions with new potential partners for DEP® drug delivery
                            programs in a number of research areas, including oncology and non-oncology areas, ADCs and radiotheranostics.

                                                                                                                                   Performance period
                        LTI performance assessment                                                                             1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023            Independent


                                                                                                                                                                      Auditor’s Report
                        Performance category         Metric                                                                         Weighting         Satisfied

                        Financial KPIs for           Monetisation of the SPL7013, VivaGel® and DEP® Drug Delivery                       40%        Partially met
                        VivaGel® BV and DEP®         portfolios represented by the generation of revenue, or value
                                                     from asset sale(s), through the completion of a number of
                                                                                                                                                                      Shareholder
                                                     commercial deals that build shareholder value.

                        Business KPIs for            Optimisation of returns from VivaGel® revenue, represented                         30%        Partially met      Information
                        VivaGel® and DEP®            by programs to maximise product returns to Starpharma;
                                                     development of new DEP® candidates; and/or licensing
                                                     (and/or asset sales) of DEP® candidates.

                                                                                                                                                                      Intellectual
                        Relative TSR                 Starpharma’s TSR compared to the performance of the S&P/                           30%            Not met
                                                     ASX300 Index over a 3-year period.

                                                                                                                                       100%                           Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                      Directory




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       Annual Report 2023   49
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        5. Executive Remuneration Outcomes, Including Link to Performance continued
                        Long-term incentives (LTI) continued
                        Summary of performance pay for Other KMP executives for the three years ended 30 June 2023 continued
                        In making this LTI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors,
                        with other commercially sensitive matters not disclosed also taken into account.
                          – Fully developed and launched a new product, VIRALEZE™ nasal spray, in Europe, Vietnam, Italy, the UK, Hong Kong and Macau
                            during the period.
                          – Signed sales and distribution arrangements for VIRALEZE™ nasal spray with commercial partners in the UK, Italy, Vietnam,
                            the Middle East and Hong Kong and Macau.
                          – Achieved new registrations of VivaGel® BV, including in Asia and the Middle East. In Europe and Australia, achieved approval for
                            a second BV indication, for the prevention of recurrent BV.




For personal use only
                          – VivaGel® BV commercialisation expanded with new product launches in additional countries in Asia and Africa. A new VivaGel®
                            condom range was launched by Okamoto in Japan, targeting younger demographics.
                          – Signed and commenced a DEP® Research Agreement with MSD whereby Starpharma designs and synthesises a number of
                            dendrimer-based Antibody-Drug Conjugates (ADCs) and provides them to MSD for testing and characterisation.
                          – Signed and commenced a second DEP® Research Agreement with MSD whereby Starpharma designs and synthesises a
                            number of additional DEP® dendrimer conjugates and provides them to MSD for testing and characterisation.
                          – Signed and commenced a new DEP® Research Agreement with Genentech to evaluate DEP® drug conjugates.
                          – Expanded the DEP® Agreement with Genentech within six months, adding an additional DEP® program.
                          – Supported AstraZeneca’s development of AZD0466. AstraZeneca significantly expanded the clinical program for its DEP®
                            product, AZD0466, during the period. However, on 31 July 2023, Starpharma announced that AstraZeneca had made the
                            decision to discontinue the development of AZD0466, following an internal review of their haematology portfolio. AstraZeneca
                            confirmed the asymptomatic events leading to this decision were not related to the dendrimer component of AZD0466.
                            Starpharma’s DEP® Licence Agreement with AstraZeneca remains in effect.
                          – Signed and commenced a new DEP® partnership with Chinese company Chase Sun to develop several DEP® nanoparticle
                            formulations of an anti-infective drug with the view of enhancing its performance and expanding its therapeutic utility.
                          – Completed recruitment for all three in-house Phase 2 DEP® clinical trials of DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP® docetaxel (monotherapy),
                            and DEP® irinotecan (monotherapy). Encouraging efficacy signals have been observed in each trial. Undertook ongoing
                            commercial discussions with potential licensees for each product.
                          – Interim results from the prostate cancer cohort of the Phase 2 DEP® cabazitaxel trial were presented at the ESMO Congress
                            in September 2022.
                          – Expanded market potential for all internal clinical-stage DEP® candidates by adding new indications and progressed value-
                            adding combination studies to Phase 2 trials: DEP® docetaxel plus gemcitabine, and DEP® irinotecan plus 5-FU/leucovorin.
                          – Completed the pre-clinical development activities for DEP® gemcitabine.
                          – Undertook partnering discussions, which are ongoing, for internal DEP® candidates, both clinical and preclinical-stage, with
                            licences to be sought at the most appropriate time to maximise commercial value.
                          – Initiated DEP® radiotheranostic and DEP® ADC commercial discussions following positive preclinical results.
                          – Developed and progressed DEP® radiotheranostic candidates, targeted and untargeted, including DEP® lutetium,
                            DEP® HER2-lutetium and DEP® zirconium. Generated and released data highlighting the benefits of DEP® applied to
                            radiotheranostics.
                          – Developed and progressed DEP® ADCs candidates, including HER2-targeted DEP® SN-38 ADC. Generated and reported
                            data showcasing the benefits afforded by DEP® in ADCs.
                        • Relative TSR:
                          – Not met: The company’s TSR was tested against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance
                            period ended 30 June 2023. The company’s annualised TSR for this period was (29.9%) compared to the S&P/ASX300
                            Index’s annualised TSR of 6.7%, resulting in (36.6%) underperformance to the Index.
                        	The relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm and more information regarding the relative TSR
                          hurdle is provided on page 32.




          50            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration
                        6. Details of Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                Report
                        The following tables show details of the remuneration received by the directors and the key management personnel of the group
                        for the current and previous financial year. As required by the Accounting Standards, the value of performance rights included in
                        the remuneration tables relates to the fair value of the performance rights (which may include performance rights granted in prior
                        years), rather than their face value.

                                                                                                     Post-                                         Share-                       Auditor’s Independence
                                                                                                   employ-                      Long-term           based

                                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        2023                                        Short-term benefits              ment                         benefits       payments

                                                                                      Non-                                              Long      Perform-
                                                 Cash salary           Cash        monetary         Super- Termination               service          ance
                                                  and fees†          bonus#*        benefits      annuation   benefits>                leave        rights#            Total
                        Name                               $              $                $              $          $                     $              $               $




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                        Non-executive
                        directors


                                                                                                                                                                                Statements
                        R B Thomas                    121,267                –               –        12,733                –               –               –      134,000

                        Z Peach     ‡
                                                       32,212                –               –         3,382                –               –               –       35,594

                        R Basser^                     24,442                 –               –         2,566                –               –               –       27,008

                        D J McIntyre                  81,000                 –               –              –               –               –               –       81,000


                                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                        L Cheng                        75,581                –               –         7,936                –               –               –        83,517

                        J R Davies                     67,873                –               –          7,127               –               –               –       75,000


                                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                        Executive director

                        J K Fairley                  534,289        140,850            41,115         25,296                –        15,593         313,601      1,070,744

                        Other KMP executives

                        N J Baade~                   186,699                 –        18,294          18,972        109,353                 –               5      333,323
                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                        A Eglezos                    266,873         73,000            7,260          25,296                –          7,091        141,895         521,415
                                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        J R Paull                    229,994         75,000          44,909           34,296                –          9,298        167,099        560,596

                        J W Cahill      +
                                                       71,250        50,000                  –         6,324                –            123                –       127,697

                        Totals                     1,691,480        338,850           111,578       143,928         109,353          32,105        622,600      3,049,894
                                                                                                                                                                                Independent


                                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Report
                        † Increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives were 3.7% or less (average 3.5%) in FY23. Executives may elect to salary
                          sacrifice part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary and fees represents gross salary earned less any salary sacrifice amounts.
                          The two forms of salary sacrifice in FY23 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car park. These amounts
                          are reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary and fees may vary from one year to the next, depending on the
                          elections chosen.
                        # All performance-related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted, are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component
                          of total remuneration.                                                                                                                                Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                                Information
                        * The cash bonus reported relates to amounts assessed to be paid for the performance period 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023. The actual cash
                          payment for FY23 performance related bonuses will occur in FY24, except for a $25,000 sign-on bonus paid to J W Cahill in FY23.
                        > Terminations benefits relate to annual leave and long service leave entitlements upon resignation.
                        ‡ Z Peach resigned from the Board on 29 November 2022.


                                                                                                                                                                                Intellectual
                        ^ R Basser was appointed to the Board on 20 February 2023.
                        ~ N J Baade resigned 31 March 2023.

                                                                                                                                                                                Property Report
                        + J W Cahill commenced employment on 3 April 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                                Directory




                                                                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited                                           Annual Report 2023   51
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        6. Details of Remuneration continued
                                                                                                                                                 Share-
                                                                                                                  Post-      Long-term            based
                        2022                                                    Short-term benefits         employment         benefits        payments

                                                                                                 Non-                               Long
                                                           Cash salary            Cash        monetary            Super-         service Performance
                                                            and fees†           bonus#*        benefits         annuation          leave       rights#               Total
                        Name                                         $               $                $                 $              $             $                  $
                        Non-executive directors
                        R B Thomas                               121,818                –               –           12,182                –               –      134,000
                        Z Peach                                  78,182                 –               –           7,818                 –               –       86,000




For personal use only
                        P R Turvey^                               6,307                 –               –              631                –               –         6,938
                        D J McIntyre                            81,000                  –               –               –                 –               –       81,000
                        L Cheng                                  66,374                 –               –           6,637                 –               –         73,011
                        J R Davies                               17,045                 –               –           1,705                 –               –        18,750
                        Executive director
                        J K Fairley                            515,804           179,738         40,928           23,568            14,576        497,470       1,272,084
                        Other KMP executives
                        N J Baade                               227,510          75,000           32,976           27,468            6,952        192,073         561,979
                        A Eglezos                               257,763          73,000            8,288          23,568             5,220         191,633       559,472
                        D J Owen~                              215,430                  –         19,459           19,640           (12,962)     (198,339)         43,228
                        J R Paull                              230,858           75,000          40,692            27,468            8,214        214,733        596,965
                        Totals                                 1,818,091        402,738         142,343           150,685        22,000           897,570      3,433,427

                        † Increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives were 2.90% and below (average 2.70%) in FY22. Executives may
                          elect to salary sacrifice part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary and fees represents gross salary earned less any salary
                          sacrifice amounts. The two forms of salary sacrifice in FY22 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car
                          park. These amounts are reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary and fees may vary from one year to the next,
                          depending on the elections chosen.
                        # All performance-related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted, are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component of
                          total remuneration.
                        * The cash bonus reported relates to amounts assessed to be paid for the performance period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022. The actual cash
                          payment of the bonuses will occur in FY23.
                        ^ P R Turvey resigned from the Board on 29 July 2021.
                        ~ D J Owen resigned 6 May 2022.


                        Details of executive remuneration mix
                        The relative proportions of remuneration for FY23 that are linked to performance and those that are fixed are as follows:

                                                                               Fixed           At risk – STI        At risk – STI         At risk – STI       At risk – LTI
                                                                        remuneration                   cash              equity1                  total            equity1

                        CEO                           Target                       35%                                       25%                 40%

                        J K Fairley                   Actual                       57%                  13%                  7%                  20%                 23%

                        Other KMP executives          Target                      50%                                                            20%                 30%

                        N J Baade     1
                                                      Actual                       98%                      –                2%                    2%                     –%

                        A Eglezos                     Actual                       59%                  14%                  5%                   19%                22%

                        J R Paull                     Actual                       57%                  13%                  5%                   18%                25%

                        J W Cahill2                   Actual                       61%                 39%                      –                39%                       –

                        1. N J Baade resigned on 31 March 2023. There was no STI cash awarded to N J Baade for FY23.
                        2. J W Cahill commenced on 3 April 2023. STI cash includes a sign-on bonus and pro-rata STI for FY23 performance. There were no performance
                           rights issued.


          52            Annual Report 2023                                         Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                                       Report




                                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration
                        Non-statutory executive remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                       Report
                        The non-statutory executive remuneration is the remuneration earned by KMP executives in FY23 and is set out below with
                        calculations of equity value both at the vesting date and based on the face value at the beginning of the relevant performance
                        period. Starpharma discloses non-statutory remuneration voluntarily because it includes the face value of equity that vested
                        in FY23. For LTI equity, the reported value reflects the KMP executive performance over three years including the impact of

                                                                                                                                                                                       Auditor’s Independence
                        movement in the share price over the three-year period.

                        The table differs from the remuneration details prepared above in this section 6 of this report, which are prepared in accordance


                                                                                                                                                                                       Declaration
                        with statutory obligations and accounting standards and presents the expensing of the fair value of performance rights over their
                        vesting period, and may include the expensing of rights that may not ultimately vest into ordinary shares.

                        2023

                                                                                                                                                    Total non-




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        Total non-   statutory

                                                                                                                                                                                       Consolidated Financial
                                                                                           STI equity              LTI equity            statutory     remun-
                                                                                              vested                  vested               remun-       eration
                                                                      STI equity              in FY23   LTI equity    in FY23               eration     earned       Total

                                                                                                                                                                                       Statements
                                                                         vested             based on       vested   based on                earned   based on      remun-
                                                Fixed        STI cash    in FY23          share price     in FY23 share price            based on share price eration per
                                              remun-          paid in  based on            at vesting   based on at vesting             face value at vesting accounting
                                              eration1         FY232 face value3                date4 face value3       date4            of equity3       date4 standards5
                        Name                        $               $          $                    $            $          $                     $           $         $

                        J K Fairley         600,700          179,738        122,295           19,685       258,324         118,310       1,161,057       918,433 1,070,744,


                                                                                                                                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated
                        N J Baade6           223,965         73,000                  –              –       131,584        60,264        428,549         357,229        333,323

                        A Eglezos            299,429         73,000          38,447             6,188      129,987          59,533       540,863         438,150         521,415


                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
                        J R Paull            309,199         75,000          42,755            6,882       147,596          67,598       574,550         458,679        560,596

                        J W Cahill   7
                                               77,574        25,000                  –              –              –               –      102,574        102,754         127,697

                        1. Base salary, superannuation and non-monetary benefits such as novated motor vehicle lease and car park benefits.
                        2. STI cash paid during the financial year. The amount disclosed for FY23 reflects cash bonuses awarded for the FY22 performance period, except
                           for a $25,000 sign-on bonus paid to J W Cahill in FY23.                                                                                                     Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                                       Declaration
                        3. Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the face value of the performance rights based on the 3-month VWAP prior to the
                           start of the relevant performance period (1 July). Vested rights will remain as rights in subsequent periods until exercised. The STI equity was granted
                           in FY22 and the LTI equity was granted in FY20.
                        4. Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the opening price on the date of vesting. Vested rights will remain as rights in subsequent
                           periods until exercised. The STI equity was granted in FY22 and the LTI equity was granted in FY20.

                                                                                                                                                                                       Independent
                        5. In accordance with statutory obligations and accounting standards in section 6 of this report, which includes expensing of rights over their entire
                           vesting period, and rights that may not ultimately vest into ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                                                                       Auditor’s Report
                        6. N J Baade resigned 31 March 2023.
                        7. J W Cahill commenced 3 April 2023.


                        Equity awards and share price
                        The total non-statutory remuneration based on the vesting date share price is lower than the total remuneration per accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                       Shareholder
                        standards and the non-statutory remuneration based on face value. The lower amount is primarily driven by the value attached
                        to the equity awards that vested in FY23.                                                                                                                      Information


                        Details of remuneration: cash bonuses, shares, and performance rights
                        For each cash bonus and grant of equity included in the tables on pages 51 to 57, the percentage of the available bonus or grant

                                                                                                                                                                                       Intellectual
                        that was paid, or that vested, in the financial year, and the percentage that was forfeited because the person did not meet the
                        service and performance objectives, is set out below. Performance rights vest over the specified periods provided vesting

                                                                                                                                                                                       Property Report
                        criteria are met. No rights will vest if the conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value of the rights yet to vest is nil.
                        The maximum value of the rights yet to vest has been determined as the amount of the grant date fair value of the rights that is
                        yet to be expensed. The CEO was awarded 53% of her maximum cash bonus entitlement of $140,850 in FY23, with the balance
                        of 47% forfeited as described above in the report. STI cash bonuses for Other KMP executives are paid at the absolute discretion
                        of the Board based on an individual’s performance within the year, hence there is no component forfeited to report.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                                       Directory




                                                                                         Starpharma Holdings Limited                                           Annual Report 2023     53
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        6. Details of Remuneration continued
                        Details of remuneration: cash bonuses, shares, and performance rights continued
                                                                                                                                                           Performance
                                                                                                                                                                  rights

                                                  Grant date fair
                                                   value of rights                                                                                         Maximum fair
                                                  granted during                                                                     Financial years        value yet to
                                                          20231,2       Financial year              Vested            Forfeited      in which rights               vest
                        Name                                     $           granted                    %                    %            may vest                     $
                        J K Fairley                       527,554                 2023                     –                47%         30/06/2024                 62,975
                                                                                  2023                     –                    –       30/06/2026               377,054




For personal use only
                                                                                  2022                 70%                  30%         30/06/2023                 37,729
                                                                                  2022                     –                    –       30/06/2025                 258,115
                                                                                   2021                 78%                 22%         30/06/2022                       –
                                                                                   2021                    –                64%         30/06/2024                 10,828
                                                                                  2020                 38%                  62%         30/06/2023                30,964
                                                                                   2019                 65%                 35%         30/06/2022                       –
                        N J Baade                          187,066                2023                  42%                 58%         30/06/2024                       –
                                                                                  2023                     –               100%         30/06/2026                       –
                                                                                  2022                     –               100%         30/06/2023                       –
                                                                                  2022                     –               100%         30/06/2025                       –
                                                                                   2021                83%                   17%        30/06/2022                       –
                                                                                   2021                53%                  47%         30/06/2024                       –
                                                                                  2020                  67%                 33%         30/06/2023                       –
                                                                                   2019                 82%                  18%        30/06/2022                       –
                        J R Paull                         204,334                 2023                     –                30%         30/06/2024                 30,313
                                                                                  2023                     –                    –       30/06/2026                148,832
                                                                                  2022                  78%                 22%         30/06/2023                  13,769
                                                                                  2022                     –                    –       30/06/2025                90,690
                                                                                   2021                 86%                  14%        30/06/2022                       –
                                                                                   2021                    –                34%         30/06/2024                 54,362
                                                                                  2020                  69%                  31%        30/06/2023                  11,772
                                                                                   2019                84%                   16%        30/06/2022                       –
                        A Eglezos                          187,066                2023                     –                39%         30/06/2024                  24,169
                                                                                  2023                     –                    –       30/06/2026                136,254
                                                                                  2022                  77%                 23%         30/06/2023                  12,381
                                                                                  2022                     –                    –       30/06/2025                83,034
                                                                                   2021                 86%                  14%        30/06/2022                       –
                                                                                   2021                    –                37%         30/06/2024                 40,313
                                                                                  2020                  66%                 34%         30/06/2023                  10,414
                                                                                   2019                 81%                  19%        30/06/2022                       –

                        1. The value at grant date calculated in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payments of performance rights granted during the year as part
                           of remuneration.
                        2. The maximum value of performance rights is determined at grant date and is amortised over the applicable vesting period. The amount which will
                           be included in a given KMP executive’s remuneration for a given year is consistent with this amortised amount. No performance rights will vest if
                           the conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value yet to vest is nil.




          54            Annual Report 2023                                         Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                      Report




                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration
                        Details of related party transactions
                                                                                                                                                                      Report
                        Services from entities controlled by KMP
                        Subsidiary, Starpharma Pty Ltd, paid $13,236 for consulting services in FY23 to Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence Pty Ltd,
                        which Starpharma non-executive director Dr Jeff Davies is also a director and shareholder. The consulting services were provided
                        by principals other than Dr Jeff Davies and were on normal commercial terms.

                        There are no other related party transactions with KMP that are not otherwise disclosed within this remuneration report.                      Auditor’s Independence



                                                                                                                                                                      Declaration
                        7. Executive Employment Agreements
                        Remuneration and other terms of employment for executives are formalised in employment agreements which set out duties,
                        rights and responsibilities, and entitlements on termination. All executives also have a formal position description for their role.

                        Major provisions of the agreements relating to remuneration are set out below for those KMP executives who are employed




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                      Consolidated Financial
                        at the date of this report.

                        CEO and Managing Director (J K Fairley)

                                                                                                                                                                      Statements
                        • No fixed term of agreement.
                        • Base salary, inclusive of superannuation, per annum as at 30 June 2023 of $597,616, to be reviewed annually by the Remuneration
                          and Nomination Committee.
                        • A cash bonus up to $265,756 for the year to 30 June 2023 allocated proportionately on the achievement of predetermined KPIs.
                        • The CEO is entitled to participate in a STI and LTI equity plan, subject to receiving any required or appropriate shareholder approval.


                                                                                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated
                        • Fringe benefits consist of on-site car parking.

                        The CEO’s termination provisions are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
                                                               Payment in
                                            Notice period      lieu of notice     Treatment of equity STI                 Treatment of LTI

                        Resignation         12 months          N/A                Unvested awards forfeited               Unvested awards forfeited

                        Termination         None               None               Unvested awards (including an           Unvested awards (including an
                        for cause                                                 exercisable, vested right) forfeited    exercisable, vested right) forfeited        Directors’

                        Termination         12 months          6 months           Unvested awards lapse unless            Unvested awards lapse unless                Declaration
                        without cause,                         payment in         the Board determines otherwise          the Board determines otherwise
                        including                              lieu of notice     after considering the portion of        after considering the portion of
                        redundancy                             with 6-month       the performance period that has         the performance period that has

                                                                                                                                                                      Independent
                                                               notice period      elapsed and the extent to which         elapsed and the extent to which
                                                                                  performance conditions have             performance conditions have

                                                                                                                                                                      Auditor’s Report
                                                                                  been met. Vesting of the rights         been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                  may be accelerated in this case.        may be accelerated in this case.

                        Termination in      N/A                N/A                Unvested awards lapse, unless           Unvested awards lapse, unless
                        cases of death,                                           the Board determines otherwise          the Board determines otherwise
                        disablement                                               after considering the portion of        after considering the portion of
                        or other cause                                            the performance period that has         the performance period that has             Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                      Information
                        approved by                                               elapsed and the extent to which         elapsed and the extent to which
                        the Board                                                 performance conditions have             performance conditions have
                                                                                  been met. Vesting of the rights         been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                  may be accelerated in this case.        may be accelerated in this case.

                                                                                                                                                                      Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                      Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                      Directory




                                                                                Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     Annual Report 2023   55
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        7. Executive Employment Agreements continued
                        Other KMP executives
                        Standard executive termination provisions are as follows:

                                                                                                   Payment in              Treatment
                                                                          Notice period            lieu of notice          of equity STI         Treatment of LTI

                        Resignation                                       3 months                 N/A                     Same as for CEO       Same as for CEO

                        Termination for cause                             None                     None                    Same as for CEO       Same as for CEO

                        Termination without cause,                        Typically 3 months       3 months                Same as for CEO       Same as for CEO
                        including redundancy                              (range 3-6 months)       (3-6 months)

                        Termination in cases of death, disablement, N/A                            N/A                     Same as for CEO       Same as for CEO




For personal use only
                        or other cause approved by the Board


                        There are no loans, or other transactions, to the CEO or Other KMP executives.

                        8. Additional Disclosures Relating to Employee Equity Schemes
                        Ordinary shares
                        The number of ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the directors or the
                        key management personnel of the group, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below.
                        The table may also reflect changes to shareholdings which are unrelated to remuneration.

                        2023                                                                                 On exercise of
                                                                                          Granted during      performance       Other changes
                                                                      Balance at the          the year as     rights during         during the      Balance at the
                        Name                                        start of the year     compensation             the year              year*     end of the year

                        Directors

                        R B Thomas                                        900,000                        –                 –          50,000             950,000

                        J K Fairley                                      3,975,434                       –                 –          80,000           4,055,434

                        Z Peach1                                             57,449                      –                 –                 –             57,449

                        D J McIntyre                                         16,240                      –                 –                 –             16,240

                        L Cheng                                             60,000                       –                 –                 –            60,000

                        J R Davies                                          50,000                       –                 –                 –            50,000

                        R Basser    2
                                                                                      –                  –                 –                 –                      –

                        Other KMP executives

                        N J Baade3                                         354,300                       –          1,275,425                –                N/A

                        A Eglezos                                           267,542                      –                 –                 –            267,542

                        J R Paull                                             41,106                     –                 –                 –              41,106

                        J W Cahill   4
                                                                                      –                  –                 –                 –                      –

                        * Other changes relate to market transactions.
                        1. Resigned as non-executive director on 29 November 2022.
                        2. Appointed as non-executive director on 20 February 2023.
                        3. Resigned on 31 March 2023.
                        4. Appointed 3 April 2023.




          56            Annual Report 2023                                       Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                      Report




                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration
                        Performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                      Report
                        The number of rights over ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the
                        executive directors and the KMP executives, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below.
                        No non-executive director held performance rights in FY23 or the prior year.



                                                                                                                                                                      Auditor’s Independence
                        2023                                               Granted
                                                                          during the                            Other                Vested and
                                                         Balance at          year as          Exercised      changes     Balance at exercisable


                                                                                                                                                                      Declaration
                                                        the start of      compen-             during the    during the   the end of at the end of         Total
                        Name                               the year           sation                year         year#     the year      the year     unvested

                        Directors

                        J K Fairley                     5,502,890          1,139,696                   –     (362,416)   6,280,170     4,108,613       2,171,512




For personal use only
                        Other KMP executives

                        N J Baade1                       1,526,065         325,000            (1,275,425)   (575,640)            –             –               –      Consolidated Financial



                                                                                                                                                                      Statements
                        A Eglezos                        1,520,533         325,000                     –      (58,243)   1,787,290      1,166,210      621,080

                        J R Paull                        1,730,129         355,000                     –      (58,905)   2,026,224     1,347,624       678,600

                        J W Cahill   2
                                                                   –                –                  –            –            –             –               –

                        # Other changes during the year relate to the forfeiture of rights.


                                                                                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated
                        1. Resigned on 31 March 2023.
                        2. Appointed 3 April 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
                        The market value at vesting date of performance rights that vested during 2023 was $338,461 (2022: $1,330,125). The decrease
                        in market value reflects a lower share price at date of vesting. No other shares were issued on the vesting of performance rights
                        provided as remuneration to any of the directors or any KMP of the group in the current year.

                        The market value is calculated using the opening share price on the respective vesting/exercise date or forfeit date.


                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                      Declaration




                                                                                                                                                                      Independent


                                                                                                                                                                      Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                      Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                      Information




                                                                                                                                                                      Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                      Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                      Directory




                                                                                     Starpharma Holdings Limited                                Annual Report 2023   57
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        8. Additional Disclosures Relating to Employee Equity Schemes continued
                        Dilutionary impact of performance rights on issue
                        As at 30 June 2023 there were 17,548,885 performance rights on issue, representing 4.3% of the 410,493,077 shares on issue (SOI)
                        at 30 June 2023. There were 10,093,639 rights which were held by KMP, representing 2.5% of SOI, of which 6,280,125 (1.5% of SOI)
                        were approved by shareholders.

                        The terms and conditions of the grant of performance rights to the directors or the key management personnel of the group
                        in the current year or which impact future years are as follows:

                                                                                                                          Fair value
                                                                              Number of                  Performance     per right at
                        Grant date              Vesting date              rights granted                     measure     grant date          % vested

                        17 October 2019         30 September 2022               537,200        Achievement of KPIs              $1.15               60




For personal use only
                        17 October 2019         30 September 2022                94,800                         TSR            $0.71                 0

                        21 November 2019        30 September 2022                375,758       Achievement of KPIs             $1.29                54

                        21 November 2019        30 September 2022                 161,039                       TSR            $0.85                 0

                        30 October 2020         30 September 2023                637,704       Achievement of KPIs             $1.47                15

                        30 October 2020         30 September 2023                 112,536                       TSR            $1.20                 0

                        20 November 2020        30 September 2023                446,021       Achievement of KPIs             $1.32                 0

                        20 November 2020        30 September 2023                 191,152                       TSR            $0.96                 0

                        25 October 2021         30 June 2023                     115,400       Achievement of KPIs              $1.14               40

                        25 October 2021         30 September 2024               392,360        Achievement of KPIs              $1.14                0

                        25 October 2021         30 September 2024                 69,240                        TSR            $0.62                 0

                        30 November 2021        30 June 2023                     374,954       Achievement of KPIs             $1.09                18

                        30 November 2021        30 September 2024                118,406                        TSR           $0.60                  0

                        27 October 2022         30 June 2024                    201,000        Achievement of KPIs             $0.61                14

                        27 October 2022         30 September 2025               683,400        Achievement of KPIs             $0.61                 0

                        27 October 2022         30 September 2025               120,600                         TSR            $0.36                 0

                        29 November 2022        30 June 2024                     227,930       Achievement of KPIs             $0.52                 0

                        29 November 2022        30 September 2025               638,205        Achievement of KPIs             $0.52                 0

                        29 November 2022        30 September 2025                273,516                        TSR            $0.28                 0


                        Information of the performance measures
                        Achievement of KPIs:         The achievement of certain key business performance indicators linked to matters which the
                                                     Board believes are key drivers of shareholder value.

                        Relative TSR (TSR):          As set out on page 42 of the remuneration report.




                                                                         – End of remuneration report –




          58            Annual Report 2023                                 Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Directors’ Report continued                                                                                                        Directors’
                                                                                                                                                           Report




                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration
                        Shares Under Rights
                                                                                                                                                           Report
                        Unissued ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited under the Employee Performance Rights Plan at the date of this report
                        are as follows:

                                                                                                                    Number of      Balance of rights

                                                                                                                                                           Auditor’s Independence
                        Grant date                                Vesting date                                  rights granted     at date of report

                        11 Nov 2015                               30 Sep 2018                                       2,076,800                539,347


                                                                                                                                                           Declaration
                        11 Nov 2015                               30 Jun 2017                                         519,200                127,625
                        19 Nov 2015                               30 Sep 2018                                          893,851              836,260
                        19 Nov 2015                               30 Jun 2017                                          219,395                181,001
                        13 Oct 2016                               30 Jun 2018                                         594,450                148,438




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           Consolidated Financial
                        13 Oct 2016                               30 Sep 2019                                       2,377,800                651,823
                        29 Nov 2016                               30 Jun 2018                                         223,022                172,842


                                                                                                                                                           Statements
                        29 Nov 2016                               30 Sep 2019                                          876,978               846,281
                        10 Aug 2017                               30 Jun 2019                                          694,120               246,396
                        10 Aug 2017                               30 Sep 2020                                        2,776,480               966,339
                        29 Nov 2017                               30 Jun 2019                                           224,121              197,226



                                                                                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated
                        29 Nov 2017                               30 Sep 2020                                         895,879                736,665
                        16 Aug 2018                               30 Jun 2020                                         203,500                 82,931



                                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
                        16 Aug 2018                               30 Sep 2021                                         814,000                 314,651
                        2 Nov 2018                                30 Jun 2020                                          259,147                87,200
                        2 Nov 2018                                30 Sep 2021                                        1,036,587               323,016
                        29 Nov 2018                               30 Jun 2020                                          134,980                112,708
                        29 Nov 2018                               30 Sep 2021                                          539,921              350,253
                                                                                                                                                           Directors’
                        17 Oct 2019                               30 Jun 2021                                          459,767                168,514
                                                                                                                                                           Declaration
                        17 Oct 2019                               30 Sep 2022                                        1,839,067              758,002
                        21 Nov 2019                               30 Jun 2021                                          134,199               101,320
                        21 Nov 2019                               30 Sep 2022                                          536,797              203,983
                                                                                                                                                           Independent
                        30 Oct 2020                               30 Jun 2021                                         567,083                287,288
                        30 Oct 2020                               30 Jun 2022                                         548,270                271,246       Auditor’s Report

                        30 Oct 2020                               30 Sep 2023                                        2,193,080            1,500,400
                        20 Nov 2020                               30 Jun 2021                                          176,755               176,755
                        20 Nov 2020                               30 Jun 2022                                          159,293               124,249       Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                           Information
                        20 Nov 2020                               30 Sep 2023                                          637,173                637,173
                        25 Oct 2021                               30 Jun 2023                                         373,333                244,157
                        25 Oct 2021                               30 Sep 2024                                        1,493,334             1,053,014

                                                                                                                                                           Intellectual
                        30 Nov 2021                               30 Jun 2023                                           98,672                69,070
                        30 Nov 2021                               30 Sep 2023                                         394,688                394,688
                        27 Oct 2022                               30 Jun 2023                                         809,887                699,675       Property Report

                        27 Oct 2022                               30 Sep 2025                                         3,39,546             2,798,698
                        29 Nov 2022                               30 Jun 2024                                         227,930                227,930
                                                                                                                                                           Corporate
                        29 Nov 2022                               30 Sep 2025                                           911,721               911,721
                                                                                                                                                           Directory

                        Performance rights and the resultant shares are granted for nil consideration.


                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                              Annual Report 2023   59
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Insurance of Officers
                        During the financial year, Starpharma Holdings Limited paid a premium to insure the directors and executive officers of the company
                        and related bodies corporate against certain liabilities and expenses.

                        In accordance with normal commercial practice, the disclosure of the amount of premium payable, and the nature of the liabilities
                        and expenses covered by the policy, is prohibited by a confidentiality clause in the relevant insurance contract.

                        Shares Issued on the Exercise of Vested Rights
                        The following ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited were issued during the year to the date of this report on the exercise
                        of vested performance rights granted under the Employee Performance Rights Plan. The shares are issued for nil consideration.

                                                                                                           Issue price of shares                 Number of
                        Date rights granted                                                             (Exercise price of right)             shares issued




For personal use only
                        11 Nov 2015                                                                                          $–                     301,182

                        13 Oct 2016                                                                                          $–                    359,590

                        10 Aug 2017                                                                                          $–                    354,270

                        16 Aug 2018                                                                                          $–                    159,808

                        2 Nov 2018                                                                                           $–                     72,000

                        17 Oct 2019                                                                                          $–                     422,511

                        30 Oct 2020                                                                                          $–                    285,389

                        27 Oct 2022                                                                                          $–                     27,300


                        Audit and Non-Audit Services
                        Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit services provided during the year are
                        set out below. There were no non-audit services provided by the auditor during the financial year.

                        During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers)
                        of the company, its related practices and non-related audit firms.

                                                                                                                                     2023            2022
                        Assurance services                                                                                              $               $

                        Audit or review of financial reports of the entity or any entity in the group under the
                        Corporations Act 2001                                                                                       169,218        155,250


                        No other taxation or advisory services have been provided by the auditor in either the current or prior year.




          60            Annual Report 2023                                     Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
                        page 62.

                        Rounding of Amounts
                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                        The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
                        issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the “rounding off’’ of amounts in the directors’ report.


                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        Amounts in the directors’ report have been rounded off in accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars,
                        or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.

                        Auditor
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                        This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.



                                                                                                                                                                  Statements

                        Robert B Thomas AO
                        Chairman



                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        Melbourne, 24 August 2023




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration




                                                                                                                                                                  Independent


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                  Information




                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                  Directory




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023   61
                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration




For personal use only
                                             Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                                             As lead auditor for the audit of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June 2023, I
                                             declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                                             (a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                                 relation to the audit; and
                                             (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                                             This declaration is in respect of Starpharma Holdings Limited and the entity it controlled during the
                                             period.




                                             Brad Peake                                                                               Melbourne
                                             Partner                                                                              24 August 2023
                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                             2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                                             T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

                                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




          62            Annual Report 2023                                         Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Annual Financial Report                                                                                                                    Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                   Report
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023


                                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration
                        Consolidated Income Statement                                    64
                                                                                                                                                                   Report

                        Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                   65

                        Consolidated Balance Sheet                                       66

                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                      67                                                                        Auditor’s Independence



                                                                                                                                                                   Declaration
                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                             68

                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                   69

                        Directors’ Declaration                                           95




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated Financial
                        Independent Auditor’s Report                                     96



                                                                                                                                                                   Statements




                                                                                                                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements




                        These financial statements are the consolidated financial statements for the consolidated entity consisting of
                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’
                        Starpharma Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, “the group”). The financial statements are presented
                        in dollars denominated in Australian currency. Starpharma Holdings Limited is a public company limited by shares,                          Declaration
                        incorporated and domiciled in the state of Victoria, Australia.

                        Its registered office and principal place of business is:

                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                                                                                                Independent
                        4-6 Southampton Crescent
                        Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                        Australia

                        A description of the nature of the group’s operations and its principal activities is included on pages 4 to 17 and 25 to 29,
                        which are not part of this financial report.
                                                                                                                                                                   Shareholder
                        The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 24 August 2023. The directors have the power to
                                                                                                                                                                   Information
                        amend and reissue the financial report.

                        Through the use of the internet, Starpharma ensures that corporate reporting is timely and complete. All recent
                        press releases, financial reports and other information are available on the group’s website (www.starpharma.com),

                                                                                                                                                                   Intellectual
                        as well as ASX announcements and releases available via the Australian Securities Exchange (www2.asx.com.au/markets/
                        trade-our-cash-market/historical-announcements).

                                                                                                                                                                   Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                   Directory




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Annual Report 2023   63
                        Consolidated Income Statement
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023



                                                                                                                  30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                        Notes           $’000            $’000

                        Continuing operations

                        Revenue                                                                          5               4,208            4,899

                        Cost of goods sold                                                                               (1,120)          (2,776)

                        Other income                                                                     5                   135            263

                        Research and product development expense (net of R&D tax incentive)               6             (11,239)         (11,680)

                        Commercial and regulatory operating expense                                      6              (3,854)          (3,568)

                        Corporate, administration and finance expense                                    6               (3,768)         (3,292)




For personal use only
                        Loss before income tax                                                                          (15,638)        (16,154)

                        Income tax expense                                                                7                   –                –

                        Loss from continuing operations attributable to equity holders of the company                   (15,638)        (16,154)



                        Loss per share for loss from continuing operations
                        attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                            $               $

                        Basic loss per share                                                             26             ($0.04)         ($0.04)

                        Diluted loss per share                                                           26             ($0.04)         ($0.04)


                        The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




          64            Annual Report 2023                                Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                        Report
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023


                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration

                                                                                                                 30 June 2023       30 June 2022        Report
                                                                                                                       $’000              $’000

                        Loss for the period                                                                            (15,638)            (16,154)



                                                                                                                                                        Auditor’s Independence
                        Other comprehensive income (loss)

                        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss                                                     –                   –


                                                                                                                                                        Declaration
                        Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                     –                   –

                        Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                               (15,638)            (16,154)


                        The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                        Consolidated Financial



                                                                                                                                                        Statements




                                                                                                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                                        Directors’

                                                                                                                                                        Declaration




                                                                                                                                                        Independent


                                                                                                                                                        Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                        Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                        Information




                                                                                                                                                        Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                        Property Report




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate

                                                                                                                                                        Directory




                                                                           Starpharma Holdings Limited                            Annual Report 2023   65
                        Consolidated Balance Sheet
                        AS AT 30 JUNE 2023



                                                                                                                   30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                                                                                                       Notes             $’000              $’000

                        Current assets

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                       8                  35,180           49,918

                        Trade and other receivables                                                     9                    9,169            7,916

                        Inventories                                                                     10                  2,773            2,824

                        Total current assets                                                                                47,122         60,658


                        Non-current assets

                                                                                                                             1,584




For personal use only
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                   11                                   1,336

                        Right-of-use assets                                                             14                  3,380             4,181

                        Total non-current assets                                                                            4,964            5,517

                        Total assets                                                                                       52,086           66,175


                        Current liabilities

                        Trade and other payables                                                        12                   7,667            7,731

                        Borrowings                                                                      13                  4,778                 –

                        Lease liabilities                                                               14                    744              695

                        Provision for employee benefits                                                 15                   1,281           1,339

                        Deferred income                                                                 5                        3             466

                        Total current liabilities                                                                          14,473           10,231


                        Non-current liabilities

                        Borrowings                                                                      13                       –          4,000

                        Lease liabilities                                                               14                  2,750            3,494

                        Provision for employee benefits                                                 15                     48               57

                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                       2,798            7,551

                        Total liabilities                                                                                   17,271          17,782

                        Net assets                                                                                         34,815          48,393


                        Equity

                        Contributed capital                                                             16                240,715         240,669

                        Reserves                                                                        17                 28,299          26,285

                        Accumulated losses                                                              18                (234,199)        (218,561)

                        Total equity                                                                                       34,815          48,393


                        The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




          66            Annual Report 2023                               Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                         Directors’
                                                                                                                                                            Report
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023


                                                                                                                                                            Remuneration

                                                                                    Contributed                     Accumulated                 Total       Report
                                                                                         capital         Reserves        losses                equity
                                                                   Notes                 $’000             $’000         $’000                 $’000

                        Balance at 1 July 2021                                          240,630           24,077        (202,407)             62,300


                                                                                                                                                            Auditor’s Independence
                        Loss for the year                                                        –              –          (16,154)            (16,154)

                        Other comprehensive income (loss)                                        –              –                –                   –


                                                                                                                                                            Declaration
                        Total comprehensive income (loss)
                        for the year                                                            –              –          (16,154)             (16,154)

                        Transactions with owners,
                        recorded directly in equity:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                            Consolidated Financial
                        Employee share plans                         16                        39               –                –                 39

                        Employee performance rights plan             17                          –          2,208                –              2,208


                                                                                                                                                            Statements
                        Total transactions with owners                                         39          2,208                –               2,247


                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                          240,669          26,285         (218,561)            48,393

                        Loss for the year                                                       –              –          (15,638)            (15,638)

                        Other comprehensive income (loss)                                       –              –                –                    –

                                                                                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated
                        Total comprehensive income (loss)
                        for the year                                                            –              –          (15,638)            (15,638)


                                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
                        Transactions with owners,
                        recorded directly in equity:

                        Employee share plans                         16                        46              –                –                  46

                        Employee performance rights plan             17                         –           2,014               –               2,014

                        Total transactions with owners                                         46           2,014               –              2,060        Directors’

                        Balance at 30 June 2023                                          240,715          28,299        (234,199)              34,815       Declaration


                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                                                                                            Independent


                                                                                                                                                            Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                            Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                            Information




                                                                                                                                                            Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                            Property Report




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate

                                                                                                                                                            Directory




                                                                           Starpharma Holdings Limited                                Annual Report 2023   67
                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023



                                                                                                                    30 June 2023     30 June 2022
                                                                                                         Notes            $’000            $’000

                        Cash flows from operating activities

                        Receipts from trade and other debtors (inclusive of GST)                                           3,085            4,846

                        Grant income and R&D tax incentives (inclusive of GST)                                              7,146           8,165

                        Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                           (24,681)         (26,292)

                        Interest received                                                                                   1,194             166

                        Interest paid                                                                                       (277)             (47)

                        Net cash outflows from operating activities                                       25             (13,533)         (13,162)




For personal use only
                        Cash flow from investing activities

                        Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                           (621)           (837)

                        Proceeds from the sale of financial assets                                                             11               1

                        Net cash outflows from investing activities                                                         (610)           (836)


                        Cash flow from financing activities

                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                               –           4,000

                        Lease repayments                                                                                    (695)            (772)

                        Net cash inflows (outflows) from financing activities                                               (695)          3,228


                        Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents held                                        (14,838)         (10,770)

                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                            49,918          60,500

                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                        100              188

                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                  35,180           49,918


                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




          68            Annual Report 2023                                 Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                      Report
                        30 JUNE 2023


                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration
                        1. Significant Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                                                                      Report
                        The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
                        These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements are
                        for the consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the company” or “parent entity”) and its subsidiaries
                        (collectively, “the group” or “the consolidated entity”).

                        (a) Basis of preparation                                                                                                                      Auditor’s Independence



                                                                                                                                                                      Declaration
                        These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and
                        Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act 2001. Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the financial statements.

                        (i) Compliance with IFRS
                        The consolidated financial statements of the group also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                      Consolidated Financial
                        by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

                        (ii) New and amended standards adopted by the group

                                                                                                                                                                      Statements
                        The group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for the annual reporting period commencing
                        1 July 2022:
                        • AASB 2020-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements 2018–2020 and Other Amendments
                          [AASB 1, AASB 3, AASB 9, AASB 116, AASB 137 & AASB 141].

                        The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are not expected


                                                                                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated
                        to significantly affect the current or future periods.

                        (iii) Early adoption of standards


                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
                        The group has not elected to apply any pronouncements before their operative date in the annual reporting period beginning
                        1 July 2022.

                        (iv) Historical cost convention
                        These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of
                        available-for-sale financial assets, financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit
                        or loss, certain classes of property, plant and equipment and investment property.                                                            Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                      Declaration
                        (v) Critical accounting estimates
                        The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management
                        to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of

                                                                                                                                                                      Independent
                        judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed
                        in note 3.

                        (vi) Going concern                                                                                                                            Auditor’s Report

                        For the year ended 30 June 2023, the group has incurred losses from continuing operations of $15,638,000 (2022: $16,154,000)
                        and experienced net cash outflows of $13,533,000 from operations (2022: $13,162,000), as disclosed in the income statement and
                        statement of cash flows, respectively. The group is in the development and early commercialisation phase, and given the entity’s
                        strategic plans, the directors are satisfied regarding the availability of working capital for the period up to at least 31 August 2024.      Shareholder
                        Accordingly, the directors have prepared the financial report on a going concern basis in the belief that the consolidated entity
                        will realise its assets and settle its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business and for at least the amounts stated       Information
                        in the financial report.

                        (b) Principles of consolidation
                        (i) Subsidiaries                                                                                                                              Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                      Property Report
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of the group as at 30 June 2023
                        and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended.

                        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the group has control. The group controls an entity when
                        the group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
                        returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which
                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                        control is transferred to the group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. The group has one subsidiary,
                                                                                                                                                                      Directory
                        Starpharma Pty Limited.




                                                                               Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      Annual Report 2023   69
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        1. Significant Accounting Policies continued
                        (b) Principles of consolidation continued
                        (i) Subsidiaries continued
                        Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated.
                        Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of the impairment of the asset transferred.
                        Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted
                        by the group.

                        (c) Segment reporting
                        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision
                        maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
                        operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer.




For personal use only
                        (d) Foreign currency translation
                        (i) Functional and presentation currency
                        Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
                        environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated financial statements are presented in
                        Australian dollars, which is the company’s functional and presentation currency.

                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                        Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
                        transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at
                        year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.

                        Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the income statement, within finance costs. All other
                        foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the income statement on a net basis within other income or other expenses.

                        (e) Revenue recognition
                        The accounting policies for the group’s revenue from contracts with customers are explained in note 5.

                        (f) Government grants
                        Grants from the Australian Government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
                        will be received and the group will comply with all relevant conditions. Government grants relating to costs are deferred
                        and recognised in the income statement over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to
                        compensate. All government grants, with the exception of the Australian Government Research and Development Tax Incentive
                        (note 3(ii)), are recorded in the income statement within Other Income (note 5).

                        (g) Income tax
                        The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the applicable
                        income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences
                        and to unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected
                        to apply when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or substantively
                        enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and taxable temporary
                        differences to measure the deferred tax asset or liability. An exception is made for certain temporary differences arising from the
                        initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences
                        if they arose in a transaction, other than a business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not affect either accounting
                        profit or taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses
                        only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses. Deferred tax
                        liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments
                        in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it
                        is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Current and deferred tax balances attributable to
                        amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity are also recognised directly in other comprehensive
                        income or equity, respectively. The company and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entity, Starpharma Pty Limited, are not
                        consolidated for tax purposes.




          70            Annual Report 2023                                     Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                 Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration
                        (i) Investment allowances and similar tax incentives
                                                                                                                                                                 Report
                        Companies within the group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying assets or in relation
                        to qualifying expenditure (e.g. investment allowances). The group accounts for such allowances as tax credits, which means that
                        the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax expense. A deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits
                        that are carried forward as deferred tax assets.

                        (h) Leases                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                        The group’s leasing policy is described in note 14.

                        (i) Impairment of assets                                                                                                                 Declaration

                        Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite life are not subject to amortisation. They are tested annually for
                        impairment or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are
                        tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.




For personal use only
                        An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.

                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Financial
                        The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of
                        assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which


                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
                        are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash generating units).

                        ( j) Cash and cash equivalents
                        For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held
                        with financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash
                        and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. The amount of significant cash and cash equivalents not available


                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated
                        for use is disclosed in note 8.

                        (k) Trade receivables


                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                        Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                        method, less any allowance for expected credit loss. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 to 60 days.
                        They are presented as current assets unless collection is not expected for more than 12 months after the reporting date.
                        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. The group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to
                        measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets.
                        To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets are grouped based on shared credit risk
                        characteristics and the days past due. An expected credit loss is recognised when there is objective evidence that the group
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’
                        will not be able to collect the relevant receivable.
                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        (l) Inventories
                        Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes
                        expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their existing condition and location. Costs are assigned
                                                                                                                                                                 Independent
                        to individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average. costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
                        deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less
                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                        the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                        (m) Investments and other financial assets
                        (i) Classification
                        The group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:                                                       Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                 Information
                        • those to be measured subsequently at fair value, and
                        • those to be measured at amortised cost.

                        The classification depends on the each entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms
                        of the cash flows.
                                                                                                                                                                 Intellectual
                        The group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
                                                                                                                                                                 Property Report
                        (ii) Loans and other receivables
                        Loans and other receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
                        active market. They are included in current assets, except for those with maturities greater than 12 months after the reporting
                        date which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and receivables are included in trade and other receivables (note 9)              Corporate
                        in the balance sheet.
                                                                                                                                                                 Directory




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                  Annual Report 2023   71
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        1. Significant Accounting Policies continued
                        (n) Property, plant and equipment and leasehold improvements
                        Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
                        attributable to the acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a
                        separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
                        group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate
                        asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial period
                        in which they are incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts,
                        net of the residual values, over their estimated useful lives. The expected useful lives are two to 20 years. The assets’ residual
                        values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date. An asset’s carrying amount is
                        written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable
                        amount. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These are included
                        in profit or loss.




For personal use only
                        The cost of improvements to or on leasehold properties is amortised over the remaining term of the premises lease
                        (being 4.5 years at the reporting date) or the estimated useful life of the improvement to the group, whichever is shorter.

                        (o) Intangible assets
                        (i) Patents and licences
                        Costs associated with patents are expensed as incurred. Licences and acquired patents with a finite useful life are carried at cost
                        less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the
                        cost of licences and patents over the period of the expected benefit, which is up to 20 years. As at the reporting date no patents
                        or licences are recognised as intangible assets.

                        (ii) Research and development
                        Research and development expenditure is expensed as incurred except that costs incurred on development projects, relating to
                        the design and testing of new or improved products, are recognised as intangible assets when it is probable that the project will,
                        after considering its commercial and technical feasibility, be completed and generate future economic benefits and its costs can
                        be measured reliably. To date no research and development costs have been recognised as intangible assets.

                        (p) Trade and other payables
                        These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the group prior to the end of the financial year which
                        are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 to 45 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are
                        presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months from the reporting date.

                        (q) Provisions
                        Provisions for legal claims, service claims and make good obligations are recognised when the group has a present legal or
                        constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is more probable than not that an outflow of resources will be required
                        to settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
                        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by
                        considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to
                        any one item in the same class of obligations may be small. Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s
                        best estimate for the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the balance date. The discount rate used to
                        determine the present value reflects current market assessment of the time, value of money, and the risks specific to the
                        liability. The increase of the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




          72            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                     Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                        (r) Employee benefits
                                                                                                                                                                     Report
                        (i) Short-term obligations
                        Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual and long service leave expected to be settled within
                        12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’
                        services up to the period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liability

                                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Independence
                        for annual and long service leave is recognised in the provision for employee benefits. All other short-term employee benefit
                        obligations are presented as payables.


                                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        (ii) Superannuation and pension benefits
                        Group companies make the statutory superannuation guarantee contribution in respect of each employee to their nominated
                        complying superannuation or pension fund. In certain circumstances pursuant to an employee’s employment contract the
                        group companies may also be required to make additional superannuation or pension contributions and/or agree to make salary
                        sacrifice superannuation or pension contributions in addition to the statutory guarantee contribution. The relevant entities’ legal




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                     Consolidated Financial
                        or constructive obligation is limited to the above contributions. Contributions to the employees’ superannuation or pension
                        plans are recognised as an expense as they become payable. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent
                        that a cash refund or reduction in future payments is available.


                                                                                                                                                                     Statements
                        (iii) Share-based payments
                        Share-based compensation benefits are offered to employees via an Employee Performance Rights Plan and an Employee Share
                        Plan ($1,000 Plan). Information relating to these plans is set out in note 27 and in the remuneration report under the directors’ report.

                        The fair value of performance rights granted is recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in


                                                                                                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated
                        equity. The fair value of employee services received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the
                        vesting period. Depending on the performance measure of the right vesting, the fair value at grant date represents either a volume
                        weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to the grant date, or a value calculated using a hybrid Monte-Carlo-trinomial
                        option pricing model taking into account the absolute total shareholder return (TSR) target, the term of the right, the share price at

                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                        grant date, the risk-free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant index, and
                        the correlation between the share price and that index. The fair value excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions
                        (for example, profitability and sales growth targets). Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number
                        of performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. At each reporting date, the entity revises its estimate of the
                        number of performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised in each
                        period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in the
                        income statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.                                                                                  Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        Under the Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan), shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration and vest at the earlier of
                        three years or cessation of employment. On this date, the market value of the shares issued is recognised as an employee benefits
                        expense with a corresponding increase in equity.


                                                                                                                                                                     Independent
                        (iv) Bonus payments
                        The group recognises a liability and an expense for employee bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration
                        performance criteria that have been set. The group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past               Auditor’s Report
                        practice that has created a constructive obligation.

                        For non-cash incentives where equity is granted, please refer to note 27 and the remuneration report under the directors’ report.

                        (v) Termination benefits                                                                                                                     Shareholder

                        Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated before the normal retirement date, or when an employee                        Information
                        accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The group recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably
                        committed to either terminating the employment of current employees according to a detailed formal plan without possibility
                        of withdrawal or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling
                        due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to present value.
                                                                                                                                                                     Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                     Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                     Directory




                                                                               Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     Annual Report 2023   73
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        1. Significant Accounting Policies continued
                        (s) Borrowings
                        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at
                        amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised
                        in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or
                        expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another
                        party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss
                        as other income or finance costs.

                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability
                        for at least 12 months after the reporting period.




For personal use only
                        (t) Contributed equity
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or performance
                        rights are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of
                        new shares or performance rights, for the acquisition of a business, are not included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the
                        purchase consideration.

                        (u) Dividends
                        Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion
                        of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting period.

                        (v) Earnings per share
                        (i) Basic earnings per share
                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of servicing
                        equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                        adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

                        (ii) Diluted earnings per share
                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the
                        after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted
                        average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential
                        ordinary shares.

                        (w) Goods and services tax (GST)
                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not recoverable
                        from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
                        Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable from, or payable to, the taxation authority
                        and are included with other receivables or payables in the balance sheet. Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST
                        components of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation
                        authority are presented as operating cash flows.

                        (x) Rounding of amounts
                        The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued
                        by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the financial statements.
                        Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars,
                        or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.




          74            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                        Report




                                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration
                        (y) Parent entity financial information
                                                                                                                                                                        Report
                        The financial information for the parent entity disclosed in note 28 has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated
                        financial statements, except as set out below.

                        (i) Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities

                                                                                                                                                                        Auditor’s Independence
                        Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of the parent
                        entity. Dividends received from associates are recognised in the parent entity’s profit or loss when its right to receive the dividend
                        is established.

                        (ii) Share-based payments                                                                                                                       Declaration

                        The grant by the parent entity of rights over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings in the group
                        is treated as a capital contribution to that subsidiary undertaking. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
                        reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiary undertakings,




For personal use only
                        with a corresponding credit to equity.

                                                                                                                                                                        Consolidated Financial
                        2. Financial Risk Management

                                                                                                                                                                        Statements
                        The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks; including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The group’s overall
                        financial risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse
                        effects on the financial performance of the group. The Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary,
                        under the guidance of the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board, have responsibility for the financial risk management program.

                        (a) Market risk

                                                                                                                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated
                        (i) Foreign exchange risk
                        Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a


                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
                        currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk
                        arising from currency exposures to major currencies including United States dollars (US$) and Great British pounds (£).

                        On the basis of the nature of these transactions, the group does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge such exposures
                        but maintains cash and deposits in Australian dollars, United States dollars and Great British pounds. The directors regularly monitor
                        the potential impact of movements in foreign exchange exposure.

                        The exposure to foreign currency risk at the reporting date calculated using the closing exchange rate as at 30 June 2023                       Directors’
                        for US$ of $0.6634 and for £ of $0.5243 was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                        Declaration
                                                                                         30 June 2023         30 June 2022      30 June 2023        30 June 2022
                                                                                                  US$                  US$                 £                   £
                                                                                               $’000                $’000             £’000               £’000

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                   328               1,325                510                352       Independent


                                                                                                                                                                        Auditor’s Report
                        Trade and other receivables                                                 382                  22                   –                 56

                        Trade and other payables                                                     171               867               2,363               2,136


                        Group sensitivity
                                                                                                                                                                        Shareholder
                        The group is mainly exposed to US$ and £ on foreign currencies held, receivable and payable. The following table details the group’s
                        sensitivity to a 10% increase and decrease in the Australian dollar against the US$ or £. A positive number indicates a favourable              Information
                        movement; that is an increase in profit or reduction in the loss.

                                                                                         30 June 2023         30 June 2022      30 June 2023        30 June 2022
                                                                                               $’000                $’000             £’000               £’000
                        Impact on profit/(loss) on a movement of                                  US$                  US$                 £                   £        Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                        Property Report
                        Australian dollar strengthens (increases)
                        against the foreign currency by 10%                                         (74)                (63)               321                 277

                        Australian dollar weakens (decreases)
                        against the foreign currency by 10%                                          90                  77               (393)               (338)
                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                        Directory




                                                                                Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       Annual Report 2023   75
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        2. Financial Risk Management continued
                        (a) Market risk continued
                        (ii) Cash flow interest rate risk
                        The group holds interest bearing assets and therefore the income and operating cash flows are exposed to market interest rates.

                        At the end of the reporting period, the group had the following value of term and at call deposits. Refer to note 8 for
                        additional information.

                                                                                                                            30 June 2023        30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                  $’000               $’000

                        Term deposits and deposits at call                                                                         33,519              45,792




For personal use only
                        Group sensitivity
                        At 30 June 2023, if interest rates changed by 50 basis points (0.50%) either higher or lower from the year end rates with all other
                        variables held constant, group profit for the year would have been $168,000 higher or lower (2022 – change of 50 bps: $229,000
                        higher/lower) due to either higher or lower interest income from cash or cash equivalents.

                        (b) Credit risk
                        Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents with banks and financial institutions,
                        as well as credit exposures from sales and distribution, product supply, licensing and royalty agreements. Credit risk for cash
                        and deposits with banks and financial institutions is managed by maximising deposits held under major Australian banks.
                        All cash and deposits are held with the National Australia Bank and Commonwealth Bank of Australia. Other than government
                        grants, tax incentives and taxes receivable, third party receivables largely consist of customer receivables from leading
                        multinational organisations.

                        (c) Liquidity risk
                        Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash reserves and marketable securities. The directors regularly
                        monitor the cash position of the group, giving consideration to the level of expenditure and future capital commitments.

                        (d) Fair value estimation
                        The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities must be estimated for recognition and measurement for disclosure purposes.
                        The carrying value less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables are assumed to approximate their fair values
                        due to their short-term nature. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the future
                        contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the group for similar financial instruments.

                        3. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements
                        Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations
                        of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

                        The group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
                        seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing material adjustment
                        to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

                        (i) Income taxes
                        The group is subject to income taxes in Australia. There are transactions and calculations undertaken during the ordinary course
                        of business for which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different
                        from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in
                        which such determination is made. The group has not recognised deferred tax assets or liabilities, including from carried forward
                        losses, due to the realisation of such benefits being uncertain. The utilisation of tax losses also depends on the ability of the entity
                        to satisfy certain tests at the time the losses are sought to be recouped.

                        (ii) Australian Government Research & Development Tax Incentive
                        The group’s eligible research and development activities qualify for the Australian Government R&D Tax Incentive. Management
                        has assessed these activities and expenditure to determine which are likely to be eligible under the incentive scheme. For the
                        period to 30 June 2023, the group has recorded a contra research and development expense of $7,631,000 (2022: $7,261,000).
                        The total R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded at 30 June 2023 is $7,244,000 (2022: $6,747,000).




          76            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                   Report




                                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration
                        4. Segment Information
                                                                                                                                                                   Report
                        The group has determined that on the basis of internal reporting and monitoring to the Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief
                        operating decision maker, the group operates in one business segment, being the discovery, development and commercialisation
                        of dendrimers for pharmaceutical, life science and other applications.


                                                                                                                                                                   Auditor’s Independence
                        5. Revenue and Other Income
                                                                                                                           30 June 2023        30 June 2022

                                                                                                                                                                   Declaration
                                                                                                                                 $’000               $’000

                        Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                      2,939               4,682

                        Interest revenue                                                                                           1,269                  217

                        Total revenue from continuing operations                                                                  4,208                4,899




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated Financial
                        Other income                                                                                                 135                 263

                        Total revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                  4,343               5,162

                                                                                                                                                                   Statements
                        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                        Revenue from contracts with customers includes licensing revenue, products sales, royalties, and research revenue from partners.

                        Total revenue from contracts with customers for the year was $2,939,000 (2022: $4,682,000), which is predominately product sales


                                                                                                                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated
                        and royalties on VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® products.

                        Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers


                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                        The group has recognised the following current assets and current liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                                                           30 June 2023        30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                 $’000               $’000

                        Trade and other receivables                                                                                 604                   519

                        Contract liabilities                                                                                           (3)              (466)
                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                   Declaration
                        Customer trade and other receivables as at 30 June 2023 are $604,000.

                        Contract liabilities for the prior year included $435,000 for potential VivaGel® BV product discounts, that were dependent on
                        product registrations in certain countries. The liability for product discounts was no longer probable at the reporting date.

                                                                                                                                                                   Independent
                        Performance obligations
                        Revenue is recognised when the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised good                     Auditor’s Report
                        or service to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange
                        for the goods or services. Information about the company’s performance obligations are summarised below:

                        (i) Licensing revenue and royalties
                                                                                                                                                                   Shareholder
                        Typically, a licence granted by the company provides the customer with the right to use, but not own, the company’s intellectual
                        property as it exists at the point in time the licence is granted. The company may receive signature payments, milestone                   Information
                        payments for specific development (such as clinical or regulatory) or commercial-based outcomes and/or sales-based royalties
                        as consideration for the licence. The performance obligation(s) for a licence are usually satisfied upon, or soon after, the granting
                        of the licence to the partner. Signature payments are normally fixed, where-as development and commercial milestones are
                        variable consideration as they are dependent on the achievement of certain events in the future. The company’s estimate of
                        variable consideration will only be recognised to the extent it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur      Intellectual
                        in future periods.
                                                                                                                                                                   Property Report
                        Royalties based on sales of product are recognised when the customer’s sales of product occur. Where consideration includes
                        guaranteed minimum royalties, they are recognised when the licence is granted or when they are no longer subject to constraint.

                        Milestones payments are generally due within 30 to 60 days from timing of the milestone event. Royalties are generally due
                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                        30 to 60 days after the end of the defined royalty reporting period.
                                                                                                                                                                   Directory




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     Annual Report 2023   77
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        5. Revenue and Other Income continued
                        Performance obligations continued
                        (ii) Product sales
                        The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods. Payment is on normal commercial terms, which may
                        include prepayment and/or payment within 30 to 60 days from delivery. Some contracts provide customers with a right of return
                        for product non-conformance, or discounts based on product shelf-life, which may give rise to variable consideration subject
                        to constraint.

                        (iii) Research revenue
                        The performance obligation is satisfied over time upon completion of outlined deliverables and payment is generally due within
                        30 to 60 days of achievement of each deliverable.




For personal use only
                        Other income
                        Other income of $135,000 (2022: $258,000) primarily relates to proceeds received from an insurance claim. For the prior year,
                        other income included Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF) grant funding for the development of VIRALEZE™.

                        6. Expenses
                                                                                                                                 30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                       $’000              $’000

                        Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense includes the following items:

                        R&D tax incentive (contra expense)1                                                                               (7,631)          (7,261)

                        Employee benefits expenses (including share-based payments)                                                       10,334          10,427

                        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                       392             355

                        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                 802              723

                        1. Included within the research and product development expense line item in the consolidated income statement.




          78            Annual Report 2023                                       Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                    Report




                                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration
                        7. Income Tax Expense
                                                                                                                                                                    Report
                                                                                                                            30 June 2023        30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                  $’000               $’000

                        (a) Income tax expense/(credit)

                                                                                                                                                                    Auditor’s Independence
                        Current tax/deferred tax                                                                                         –                   –
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                         –                   –

                                                                                                                                                                    Declaration
                        Income tax attributable to continuing operations                                                                 –                   –


                        (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
                        Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                                  (15,638)            (16,154)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                    Consolidated Financial
                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2022: 30%)                                                           (4,691)            (4,846)
                        Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:


                                                                                                                                                                    Statements
                            Eligible expenses claimed under R&D tax incentive                                                       2,706               2,475
                            Share-based payments                                                                                       618                 674
                            Sundry items                                                                                                64                (122)
                        Future income tax benefits not brought to account                                                            1,431               1,822
                        Income tax expense                                                                                               –                   –


                        (c) Tax losses                                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
                        Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised
                        (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                                   135,502             131,620
                        Potential tax benefit                                                                                      40,650             39,486


                        (d) Unrecognised temporary differences

                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’
                        Temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised
                        (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                                     5,068               5,282
                                                                                                                                                                    Declaration
                        Unrecognised deferred tax relating to the temporary differences                                              1,520              1,585


                        (e) Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                    Independent
                        Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities relating to the above temporary differences:
                        Lease right-of-use assets                                                                                    1,014               1,254
                                                                                                                                                                    Auditor’s Report
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                  356                 261
                        Sundry items                                                                                                     4                   4
                        Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                               1,374               1,519
                        Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                               (1,374)              (1,519)    Shareholder

                        Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                     –                   –      Information


                        Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been set off as there is a legally recognised right to set off current tax assets
                        and liabilities, and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the relevant tax authority. Deferred tax

                                                                                                                                                                    Intellectual
                        assets are mainly attributable to unused tax losses. Potential future income tax benefits attributable to tax losses carried forward
                        have not been brought to account at 30 June 2023 because the directors do not presently believe that it is appropriate to regard

                                                                                                                                                                    Property Report
                        realisation of the future income tax benefit as probable. Similarly, future benefits attributable to net temporary differences have
                        not been brought to account as the directors do not regard the realisation of such benefits as probable.

                        Realisation of the benefit of tax losses would be subject to the group satisfying the conditions for deductibility imposed by tax
                        legislation and no subsequent changes in tax legislation adversely affecting the group. The group has made an assessment
                        as to the satisfaction of deductibility conditions at 30 June 2023, which it believes will be satisfied.                                    Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                    Directory




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     Annual Report 2023   79
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        8. Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                                           30 June 2023      30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                 $’000             $’000

                        Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                    1,661             4,126

                        Term deposits and deposits at call                                                                        33,519             45,792

                                                                                                                                  35,180             49,918


                        Cash at bank and on hand
                        The cash at bank and on hand is non-interest bearing, and includes foreign currencies held.

                        Term deposits and deposits at call




For personal use only
                        The term deposits have maturities of three months or less. Funds in deposits at call allow the group to withdraw funds on demand.

                        Deposits not available
                        There is $1,198,000 (2022: $1,163,000) of term deposits not available for use due to funds being utilised as security for a bank
                        guarantee on the company’s property lease, and for a finance lease facility.

                        Interest rate risk
                        Current receivables are non-interest bearing.

                                                               Floating                                                   Non-
                                                               interest                                                interest
                                                                   rate           Fixed interest maturing              bearing

                                                                             1 year or                  More than
                                                                                 less    1 to 5 years     5 years                       Total Contractual
                        30 June 2023                Notes        $’000         $’000          $’000        $’000         $’000         $’000 cash flows

                        Financial assets

                        Cash and deposits             8           3,022       30,498               –            –         1,660       35,180           N/A

                        Receivables                   9                 –            –             –            –         9,169         9,169         9,169

                                                                  3,022       30,498               –            –        10,829       44,349          9,169

                        Weighted average interest rate            4.3%          4.7%             –%           –%            –%


                        Financial liabilities

                        Payables                      12                –            –             –            –         7,667         7,667         7,667

                        Lease liabilities             14                –         744         2,750             –             –        3,494         3,494

                        Borrowings                    13          4,778              –             –            –             –         4,778         4,778

                                                                  4,778           744         2,750             –         7,667        15,939        15,939

                        Weighted average interest rate             4.1%          4.1%         4.2%            –%            –%




          80            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                 Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration

                                                               Floating                                                   Non-                                   Report
                                                               interest                                                interest
                                                                   rate           Fixed interest maturing              bearing

                                                                             1 year or                  More than


                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Independence
                                                                                 less    1 to 5 years     5 years                      Total Contractual
                        30 June 2022               Notes         $’000         $’000          $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000 cash flows

                        Financial assets

                        Cash and deposits             8           6,597        39,195              –            –         4,126        49,918           N/A      Declaration

                        Receivables                   9                –             –             –            –          7,916        7,916          7,916

                                                                  6,597        39,195              –            –       12,042        57,834          7,916




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Financial
                        Weighted average interest rate             1.0%          1.6%            –%           –%            –%


                        Financial liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
                        Payables                      12               –             –             –            –          7,731        7,731          7,731

                        Lease liabilities             14               –          695          3,125          369             –         4,189         4,189

                        Borrowings                    13         4,000               –             –            –             –        4,000         4,000

                                                                 4,000            695          3,125          369         7,731       15,920        15,920

                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated
                        Weighted average interest rate             1.0%          4.1%          4.2%         4.4%            –%



                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                        9. Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                                           30 June 2023      30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                 $’000             $’000

                        Trade and grant receivables                                                                                7,857              7,285

                        Interest receivables                                                                                         128                 53      Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        Prepayments                                                                                                  934                 80

                        Other receivables                                                                                           250                 498

                                                                                                                                   9,169              7,916
                                                                                                                                                                 Independent


                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                        Trade and grant receivables
                        Trade and grant receivables primarily comprise of $7,244,000 (2022: $6,747,000) of expenditure reimbursable under the
                        Australian Government’s Research & Development tax incentive scheme, with the balance related to customer receivables.
                        Customer receivables are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 60 days.

                        Prepayments                                                                                                                              Shareholder

                        Prepayments primarily relate to insurance premiums paid in advance.                                                                      Information


                        Other receivables
                        Other receivables comprise GST/VAT and other taxes refundable and sundry debtors, and are subject to normal terms of settlement

                                                                                                                                                                 Intellectual
                        within 30 to 90 days.


                                                                                                                                                                 Property Report
                        Credit risk
                        The group considers that there is no significant credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables. Grant receivables are with
                        government bodies and trade receivables are from large companies.

                        Impaired receivables
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                        As at 30 June 2023, there were no material trade and grant receivables that were past due (2022: nil). The group applies the
                                                                                                                                                                 Directory
                        accounting policy in note 1(k) to trade receivables. Under the expected credit loss model, no receivables are considered
                        impaired at 30 June 2023 (2022: nil).


                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023   81
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        10. Inventories
                                                                                                                        30 June 2023      30 June 2022
                        Current assets                                                                                        $’000             $’000

                        Raw materials                                                                                           2,578             2,316

                        Work in progress                                                                                            –                249

                        Finished goods                                                                                            195                259

                                                                                                                                2,773            2,824


                        Assigning costs to inventories
                        The costs of individual items of inventory are determined using the weighted average cost method. See note 1(l) for detail




For personal use only
                        on the group’s accounting policy for inventories.

                        Amounts recognised in profit or loss
                        Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 30 June 2023 amounted to $1,120,000 (2022: $2,776,000).
                        These were included in cost of goods sold.

                        Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value amounted to $16,000 (2022: $nil). These were included in cost of goods sold.

                        Raw materials
                        Raw materials consist of the key raw materials and components used in the manufacture of commercial products, including
                        VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel®.

                        Finished goods
                        Finished goods are products that are subject to a customer purchase order, have completed production, or are awaiting delivery
                        to the customer.




          82            Annual Report 2023                                 Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                Remuneration
                        11. Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                                                Report
                                                                                           Plant and         Leasehold
                                                                                          equipment      improvements               Total
                                                                                              $’000             $’000              $’000


                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Independence
                        At 30 June 2021

                        Cost                                                                   4,412              659                5,071


                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        Accumulated depreciation                                               (3,113)            (585)             (3,698)

                        Net book amount                                                        1,299                74              1,373


                        Year ended 30 June 2022




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                        Opening net book amount                                                1,299                74               1,373

                        Additions                                                               754                32                 786


                                                                                                                                                Statements
                        Disposals                                                                  (6)               –                  (6)

                        Reclassify as right-of-use asset                                        (462)                –               (462)

                        Depreciation                                                            (288)              (67)              (355)

                        Closing net book amount                                                1,297               39               1,336


                        At 30 June 2022                                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                        Cost                                                                   4,623               691               5,314

                        Accumulated depreciation                                              (3,326)             (652)             (3,978)

                        Net book amount                                                        1,297               39               1,336


                        Year ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                        Opening net book amount                                                1,297               39               1,336
                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        Additions                                                               558                84                 642

                        Disposals                                                                 (3)                –                  (3)

                                                                                               (349)               (42)               (391)
                                                                                                                                                Independent
                        Depreciation

                        Closing net book amount                                               1,503                 81              1,584
                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Report
                        At 30 June 2023

                        Cost                                                                  3,936                776              4,712

                        Accumulated depreciation                                              (2,433)             (695)             (3,128)     Shareholder

                        Net book amount                                                       1,503                 81              1,584       Information




                                                                                                                                                Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                Property Report




                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                Directory




                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Annual Report 2023   83
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        12. Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                                                           30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                 $’000              $’000

                        Trade payables and accruals                                                                                 6,615              6,762

                        Other payables                                                                                              1,052               969

                                                                                                                                    7,667              7,731


                        Trade payables and accruals
                        The majority of trade payables are related to expenditure associated with the group’s research and product development programs.




For personal use only
                        13. Current Liabilities – Borrowings
                        Borrowings of $4,000,000 (2022: $4,000,000) relate to an Invest Victoria low-interest R&D cash flow loan with Treasury
                        Corporation of Victoria. The loan initiative supports innovative Victorian entities to invest in research and development activities.
                        The facility matures in October 2023 and is secured against the current year R&D tax incentive receivable. The interest rate was
                        4.3% per annum at the reporting date.

                        Borrowings of $777,534 (2022: $nil) relate to an insurance premium loan maturing December 2023, interest rate 3.0%.

                        14. Current and Non-Current Assets/Liabilities – Leases
                        The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                           30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                                      $’000              $’000

                        Premises                                                                                                   2,950              3,606

                        Plant and equipment                                                                                          430                575

                                                                                                                                   3,380               4,181


                        Lease liabilities

                        Current                                                                                                       744               695

                        Non-current                                                                                                2,750              3,494

                                                                                                                                   3,494              4,189


                        The group leases premises (laboratory and offices space) until 19 December 2027. The group also leases scientific equipment
                        generally over a three to five year term.

                        The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                           30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                               $’000              $’000

                        Premises                                                                                                     655                594

                        Plant and equipment                                                                                           146                129

                        Total depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                              801               723

                        Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                         156                 42

                        Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                                                  7                  4

                        Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities                                  91                60

                        Total cash outflow for leases                                                                                 851                814




          84            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                 Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration
                        15. Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits
                                                                                                                                                                 Report
                                                                                                                         30 June 2023        30 June 2022
                        Leave obligations                                                                                      $’000               $’000

                        Current                                                                                                   1,281               1,339

                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Independence
                        Non-current                                                                                                  48                 57

                                                                                                                                  1,329              1,396

                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        The leave obligations represent the group’s liability for employee long service leave and annual leave. The current portion of
                        this liability includes all of the accrued annual leave, and the unconditional entitlements to long service leave where employees
                        have completed the required period of service. However, based on past experience, the group does not expect all employees
                        to take the full amount of current accrued leave or require payment of the entire amount within 12 months from the reporting




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Financial
                        date. Current leave obligations expected to be settled after the date which is 12 months from the reporting date is $919,000
                        (2022: $979,000).



                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
                        Refer to note 1(r) for further information.

                        16. Contributed Equity
                        (a) Share capital
                                                                                             2023               2022              2023               2022


                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated
                                                                                            Shares             Shares            $’000              $’000

                        Share capital



                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                        Ordinary shares – fully paid                                  410,493,077         408,443,407          240,715            240,669


                        (b) Movements in ordinary share capital
                                                                                                              Number
                        Date               Details                                                           of shares      Issue price             $’000
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’
                        1 Jul 2022                                                                        408,443,407                             240,669
                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        27 Oct 2022        Employee performance rights plan share issue                      409,040                $–                    –

                        1 Feb 2023         Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                  67,620            $ 0.68                 46

                                                                                                                                                                 Independent
                        17 Mar 2023        Employee performance rights plan share issue                        339,710              $–                    –

                        5 May 2023         Employee performance rights plan share issue                      1,233,300              $–                    –
                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                                           Balance at 30 June 2023                                        410,493,077                             240,715


                                                                                                              Number
                        Date               Details                                                           of shares      Issue price             $’000        Shareholder

                        1 Jul 2021                                                                        406,078,026                             240,630        Information

                        13 Sep 2021        Employee performance rights plan share issue                        159,857              $–                    –

                        1 Nov 2021         Employee performance rights plan share issue                       442,272               $–                    –

                        1 Feb 2022         Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                   37,128            $ 1.07                39       Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                 Property Report
                        1 Feb 2022         Employee performance rights plan share issue                       691,850               $–                    –

                        17 Mar 2022        Employee performance rights plan share issue                         35,281              $–                    –

                        27 May 2022        Employee performance rights plan share issue                       998,993               $–                    –

                                           Balance at 30 June 2022                                        408,443,407                             240,669        Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                 Directory




                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Annual Report 2023   85
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        16. Contributed Equity continued
                        (c) Ordinary shares
                        As at 30 June 2023 there were 410,493,077 issued ordinary shares. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends
                        and the proceeds on winding up of the company in proportion to the number of, and amounts paid on, the shares held. On a
                        show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present at a duly convened shareholder meeting in person or by proxy is entitled
                        to one vote, and upon a poll each share is entitled to one vote. Ordinary shares have no par value and the company does not have
                        authorised capital. There is no current on-market share buy-back.

                        (d) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)
                        Information relating to the Employee Share Plan, including details of shares issued under the plan, is set out in note 27.

                        (e) Employee Performance Rights Plan




For personal use only
                        Information relating to the Employee Performance Rights Plan, including details of rights issued under the plan, is set out in note 27.

                        (f) Capital risk management
                        The group’s and the parent entity’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern,
                        so that they can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. In order to maintain or adjust
                        the capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue
                        new shares or sell assets.

                        17. Reserves
                        (a) Reserves
                                                                                                                             30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                   $’000              $’000

                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                                28,299              26,285

                                                                                                                                    28,299             26,285

                        (b) Movement in reserves
                                                                                                                             30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                               $’000              $’000

                        Balance at 1 July                                                                                           26,285              24,077

                        Performance right expense                                                                                     2,014              2,208

                        Balance at 30 June                                                                                          28,299             26,285


                        (c) Nature and purpose of reserves
                        The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the fair value of options and performance rights granted.

                        18. Accumulated Losses
                                                                                                                             30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                   $’000              $’000

                        Accumulated losses balance at 1 July                                                                       (218,561)         (202,407)

                        Net loss for the year                                                                                       (15,638)            (16,154)

                        Accumulated losses balance at 30 June                                                                      (234,199)          (218,561)




          86            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                     Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                        19. Related Party Transactions
                                                                                                                                                                     Report
                        (a) Parent entity and subsidiaries
                        The parent entity of the group is Starpharma Holdings Limited. Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 24.



                                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Independence
                        (b) Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                                                           30 June 2023          30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                      $                     $

                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                           2,141,908             2,363,172       Declaration

                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                 143,928               150,685

                        Other long-term benefits                                                                                  32,105               22,000




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                     Consolidated Financial
                        Termination benefits                                                                                     109,353

                        Share-based payments                                                                                    622,600                897,570


                                                                                                                                                                     Statements
                                                                                                                              3,049,894             3,433,427


                        Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on page 31.

                        (c) Transactions with group entities


                                                                                                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated
                        There are related party transactions within the group between the parent and subsidiaries. Transactions include funds advanced
                        to/from entities and the associated interest charge, and management and services fees. All transactions were made on an
                        arm’s length basis.



                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                        (d) Transactions with other related parties
                        The group paid $13,236 for consulting services to Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence Pty Ltd, which Starpharma
                        non-executive director Dr Jeff Davies is also a director and shareholder. The consulting services were provided by principals
                        other than Dr Jeff Davies and were on normal commercial terms.

                        20. Remuneration of Auditors                                                                                                                 Directors’
                        During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia (PwC)
                                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        as auditor of the parent entity, its related practices and non-related audit firms:

                                                                                                                           30 June 2023          30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                      $                     $

                        Auditors of the group – PwC                                                                                                                  Independent


                                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Report
                        Audit and review of financial reports of the entity or any entity in the consolidated entity              169,218              155,250

                        Other assurance services                                                                                           –             6,630

                        Total services provided by PwC                                                                            169,218              161,880

                                                                                                                                                                     Shareholder
                        21. Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date                                                                                            Information
                        On 14 August 2023, Starpharma received a payment from Mundipharma for US$4.25 million (A$6.56 million), in return,
                        Starpharma terminated its VivaGel® BV license and supply agreement with Mundipharma, regaining all commercial rights to
                        VivaGel® BV, enabling Starpharma to sign new marketing arrangement for the product. The financial effects of this commercial

                                                                                                                                                                     Intellectual
                        agreement have not been recognised at 30 June 2023.

                        On 31 July 2023, Starpharma announced that AstraZeneca had made the decision to discontinue the development of AZD0466,
                        following an internal review of their haematology portfolio. AstraZeneca confirmed that the asymptomatic adverse events                      Property Report
                        leading to this decision were not related to the dendrimer component of AZD0466. Starpharma’s DEP® Licence Agreement
                        with AstraZeneca remains in effect.


                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                     Directory




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      Annual Report 2023   87
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        22. Commitments
                        (a) Capital commitments
                        There is no material capital expenditure contracted not recognised as liabilities at the reporting date (2022: nil).

                        (b) Termination commitments
                        The service contracts of key management personnel include benefits payable by the group on termination of the employee’s
                        contract. Refer to the remuneration report for details of these commitments.

                        23. Contingencies
                        Starpharma has licensed VivaGel® BV in the US to ITF Pharma and is eligible to receive up to US$101 million in regulatory approval
                        and commercialisation milestones, plus royalties on net sales. Upon receipt of cash proceeds under the licence, Starpharma is
                        required to pay a small proportion of its receipts to an investment bank which advised on the competitive licence process, up to




For personal use only
                        a maximum of US$1.35 million over the life of the licence (2022: US$1.35 million).

                        Starpharma engaged a number of service providers to develop and assist with the implementation of a full direct to market
                        commercialisation plan for VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray. In order to preserve capital, Starpharma negotiated to defer a
                        majority of the fee to a service provider, subject to future VIRALEZE™ sales performance and licensing proceeds. The maximum
                        amount payable under the arrangement at 30 June 2022 was A$1.2 million. The obligation under the arrangement has now ceased,
                        with no further amount payable.

                        The company has no contingent assets at 30 June 2023 (2022: nil).


                        24. Subsidiaries
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance
                        with the accounting policy described in note 1(b).
                                                                                                                                    Equity holding

                                                                                                                                     2023             2022
                        Name of entity                      Country of incorporation      Class of shares                              %                %

                        Starpharma Pty Limited              Australia                     Ordinary                              100.00%           100.00%



                        25. Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities
                                                                                                                            30 June 2023       30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                  $’000              $’000

                        Operating profit/(loss) after tax                                                                          (15,638)          (16,154)

                        Adjustments for:

                           Depreciation and amortisation                                                                             1,193            1,079

                           Foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                               (100)             (188)

                           Non-cash employee benefits: share-based payments                                                         2,060             2,247

                           Net gain/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                     (6)               (6)

                        Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions
                        and disposals of entities:

                           Decrease/(increase) in receivables and other assets                                                      (1,257)             629

                           (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                           51            (1,103)

                           Increase/(decrease) increase in trade creditors                                                             (84)             289

                           Increase in employee provisions                                                                             (67)               (9)

                           Increase/(decrease) in deferred income                                                                    (463)               54

                           (Decrease)/increase in other liabilities                                                                    778                  –

                        Net cash outflows from operating activities                                                                (13,533)          (13,162)



          88            Annual Report 2023                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                     Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                        26. Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                                                     Report
                                                                                                                              30 June 2023       30 June 2022

                        Basic earnings/(loss) per share/Diluted earnings/(loss) per share



                                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Independence
                        Total earnings/(loss) per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company ($)                (0.04)              (0.04)


                        Reconciliations of earnings/(loss) used in calculating earnings per share

                                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        Profit/(loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in calculating
                        basic earnings/(loss) per share: ($’000)                                                                    (15,638)             (16,154)

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
                        basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                                       409,035,257        406,900,098




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                     Consolidated Financial
                        As at 30 June 2023 the company had on issue 17,548,885 (30 June 2022: 15,784,044) performance rights. The rights are not included
                        in the determination of basic earnings per share. The rights are also not included in the determination of diluted earnings per share.


                                                                                                                                                                     Statements
                        They are not considered dilutive as their conversion would not increase loss per share from continuing operations.

                        27. Share-Based Payments
                        Performance rights
                        (a) Employee Performance Rights Plan

                                                                                                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated
                        In 2010 the Board approved the introduction of the Employee Performance Rights Plan (Plan), which was subsequently approved
                        by shareholders at the 2011, 2014, 2017 and 2020 Annual General Meetings. All executives and staff, including the Chief Executive
                        Officer, are eligible to participate in the Plan. The Plan allows for the issue of performance rights (being rights to receive fully paid


                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                        ordinary shares subject to continued employment with the company and the satisfaction of certain performance hurdles over a
                        specified period). Performance rights are granted under the Plan for no consideration. The objective of the Plan is to assist in the
                        recruitment, reward, retention and motivation of employees of the company.

                        (b) Fair value of performance rights granted
                        The weighted average assessed fair value at grant date of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2023
                        was $0.57 per right (2022: $1.09). There were 5,189,084 performance rights granted in the current year (2022: 2,360,027).                    Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        The estimated fair value at grant date of rights with a total shareholder return (TSR) performance measure has been valued using
                        a hybrid Monte-Carlo-trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute TSR target, the term of the right, the share
                        price at grant date, the risk-free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant
                        index, and the correlation between the share price and that index. All other rights incorporate Key Performance Indicator (KPI)
                                                                                                                                                                     Independent
                        measures, and the fair value at grant date of these rights, represents a volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading
                        up to the grant date.
                                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                     Information




                                                                                                                                                                     Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                     Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                     Directory




                                                                               Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     Annual Report 2023   89
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        27. Share-Based Payments continued
                        Performance Rights continued
                        (b) Fair value of performance rights granted continued
                        Set out below are summaries of performance rights:

                        2023
                                                                      Balance at start      Granted during           Converted              Forfeited    Balance at end
                                                                           of the year            the year       during the year       during the year      of the year1
                        Grant date             Vesting date                   Number              Number                Number                Number            Number
                        11 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017                      185,750                      –                58,125                –           127,625
                        11 Nov 2015            30 Sep 2018                     782,404                       –           243,057                    –          539,347




For personal use only
                        19 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017                      181,001                      –                    –                 –           181,001
                        19 Nov 2015            30 Sep 2018                     836,260                       –                    –                 –          836,260
                        13 Oct 2016            30 Jun 2018                       211,876                     –               63,438                 –          148,438
                        13 Oct 2016            30 Sep 2019                      947,975                      –               296,152                –           651,823
                        29 Nov 2016            30 Jun 2018                      172,842                      –                    –                 –           172,842
                        29 Nov 2016            30 Sep 2019                      846,281                      –                    –                 –          846,281
                        10 Aug 2017            30 Jun 2019                     302,268                       –                55,872                –          246,396
                        10 Aug 2017            30 Sep 2020                    1,264,737                      –           298,398                    –          966,339
                        29 Nov 2017            30 Jun 2019                      197,226                      –                    –                 –           197,226
                        29 Nov 2017            30 Sep 2020                     736,665                       –                    –                 –          736,665
                        16 Aug 2018            30 Jun 2020                      116,378                      –               33,447                 –            82,931
                        16 Aug 2018            30 Sep 2021                      441,012                      –               126,361                –           314,651
                        2 Nov 2018             30 Jun 2020                       87,200                      –                    –                 –           87,200
                        2 Nov 2018             30 Sep 2021                      395,016                      –               72,000                 –          323,016
                        29 Nov 2018            30 Jun 2020                      112,708                      –                    –                 –           112,708
                        29 Nov 2018            30 Sep 2021                     350,253                       –                    –                 –          350,253
                        17 Oct 2019            30 Jun 2021                      212,629                      –                44,115                –           168,514
                        17 Oct 2019            30 Sep 2022                    1,339,175                      –               378,396         202,777           758,002
                        21 Nov 2019            30 Jun 2021                      101,320                      –                    –                 –           101,320
                        21 Nov 2019            30 Sep 2022                      536,797                      –                    –           332,814          203,983
                        30 Oct 2020            30 Jun 2021                     365,085                       –                77,797                –          287,288
                        30 Oct 2020            30 Jun 2022                      389,122                      –               110,756            7,120           271,246
                        30 Oct 2020            30 Sep 2023                     1,712,160                     –                96,836          114,924        1,500,400
                        20 Nov 2020            30 Jun 2021                      176,755                      –                    –                 –           176,755
                        20 Nov 2020            30 Jun 2022                      124,249                      –                    –                 –           124,249
                        20 Nov 2020            30 Sep 2023                      637,173                      –                    –                 –           637,173
                        25 Oct 2021            30 Jun 2023                     305,673                       –                    –            61,516           244,157
                        25 Oct 2021            30 Sep 2024                    1,222,694                      –                    –           169,680        1,053,014
                        30 Nov 2021            30 Jun 2023                       98,672                      –                    –           29,602            69,070
                        30 Nov 2021            30 Sep 2024                     394,688                       –                    –                 –          394,688
                        27 Oct 2022            30 Jun 2024                              –           809,887                  27,300            82,912          699,675
                        27 Oct 2022            30 Sep 2025                              –         3,239,546                       –          440,848         2,798,698
                        29 Nov 2022            30 Jun 2024                              –           227,930                       –                 –          227,930
                        29 Nov 2022            30 Sep 2025                              –             911,721                     –                 –            911,721
                        Total                                              15,784,044             5,189,084            1,982,050            1,442,193       17,548,885

                        1. Unvested rights at the end of the year are not available for employees to exercise into shares.

          90            Annual Report 2023                                          Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration

                        2022                                                                                                                                                    Report

                                                                      Balance at start      Granted during           Converted               Forfeited    Balance at end
                                                                           of the year            the year       during the year        during the year      of the year1
                        Grant date             Vesting date                   Number              Number                Number                 Number            Number


                                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Independence
                        11 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017                      245,625                      –                59,875                 –            185,750
                        11 Nov 2015            30 Sep 2018                     1,051,794                     –               269,390                 –           782,404


                                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        19 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017                       181,001                     –                     –                 –             181,001
                        19 Nov 2015            30 Sep 2018                     836,260                       –                     –                 –           836,260
                        13 Oct 2016            30 Jun 2018                       277,314                     –                65,438                 –             211,876
                        13 Oct 2016            30 Sep 2019                    1,323,372                      –               375,397                 –            947,975




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                        29 Nov 2016            30 Jun 2018                       172,842                     –                     –                 –            172,842
                        29 Nov 2016            30 Sep 2019                      846,281                      –                     –                 –            846,281


                                                                                                                                                                                Statements
                        10 Aug 2017            30 Jun 2019                     409,980                       –                107,712                –           302,268
                        10 Aug 2017            30 Sep 2020                     1,741,547                     –               476,810                 –          1,264,737
                        29 Nov 2017            30 Jun 2019                       197,226                     –                     –                 –            197,226
                        29 Nov 2017            30 Sep 2020                      736,665                      –                     –                 –            736,665
                        16 Aug 2018            30 Jun 2020                      170,356                      –                53,978                 –             116,378

                                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                        16 Aug 2018            30 Sep 2021                     814,000                       –               210,623           162,365            441,012
                        2 Nov 2018             30 Jun 2020                       97,600                      –               10,400                  –             87,200


                                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                        2 Nov 2018             30 Sep 2021                     780,609                       –               335,851            49,742            395,016
                        29 Nov 2018            30 Jun 2020                       112,708                     –                     –                 –             112,708
                        29 Nov 2018            30 Sep 2021                      539,921                      –                     –           189,668           350,253
                        17 Oct 2019            30 Jun 2021                      379,034                      –               166,405                 –            212,629
                        17 Oct 2019            30 Sep 2022                      1,701,175                    –                     –          362,000            1,339,175      Directors’
                        21 Nov 2019            30 Jun 2021                      101,320                      –                     –                 –            101,320       Declaration
                        21 Nov 2019            30 Sep 2022                      536,797                      –                     –                 –            536,797
                        30 Oct 2020            30 Jun 2021                      561,459                      –               196,374                 –           365,085

                                                                                                                                                                                Independent
                        30 Oct 2020            30 Jun 2022                      536,878                      –                     –           147,756            389,122
                        30 Oct 2020            30 Sep 2023                     2,147,512                     –                     –          435,352            1,712,160
                        20 Nov 2020            30 Jun 2021                       176,755                     –                     –                 –            176,755       Auditor’s Report

                        20 Nov 2020            30 Jun 2022                      159,293                      –                     –           35,044             124,249
                        20 Nov 2020            30 Sep 2023                       637,173                     –                     –                 –             637,173
                        25 Oct 2021            30 Jun 2023                              –            373,333                       –            67,660           305,673        Shareholder

                        25 Oct 2021            30 Sep 2024                              –          1,493,334                       –          270,640           1,222,694       Information

                        30 Nov 2021            30 Jun 2023                              –             98,672                       –                 –             98,672
                        30 Nov 2021            30 Sep 2024                              –            394,688                       –                 –            394,688

                                                                                                                                                                                Intellectual
                        Total                                               17,472,497            2,360,027            2,328,253             1,720,227        15,784,044


                                                                                                                                                                                Property Report
                        1. Unvested rights at the end of the year are not available for employees to exercise into shares.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                                Directory




                                                                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited                                           Annual Report 2023   91
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        27. Share-Based Payments continued
                        Performance Rights continued
                        (b) Fair value of performance rights granted continued
                        Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2023 is as follows:

                        Right grant date                                            27 October 2022            27 October 2022         27 October 2022

                        Number of rights granted                                              809,887                 3,097,706                  141,840

                        Vesting date                                                     30 June 2024      30 September 2025        30 September 2025

                        Performance measure                                                       KPIs                      KPIs                       TSR

                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                         60%                       60%                    60%




For personal use only
                        Risk-free interest rate                                                 3.49%                     3.33%                   3.33%

                        Expected dividend yield                                                       –                         –                        –

                        Share price at grant date                                                $0.61                     $0.61                   $0.61

                        Assessed fair value                                                      $0.61                     $0.61                  $0.36


                        Right grant date                                          29 November 2022          29 November 2022         29 November 2022

                        Number of rights granted                                              227,930                   638,205                  273,516

                        Vesting date                                                     30 June 2024      30 September 2025        30 September 2025

                        Performance measure                                                       KPIs                      KPIs                       TSR

                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                         60%                       60%                    60%

                        Risk-free interest rate                                                 3.40%                     3.22%                   3.22%

                        Expected dividend yield                                                       –                         –                        –

                        Share price at grant date                                                $0.52                    $0.52                   $0.52

                        Assessed fair value                                                      $0.52                    $0.52                   $0.28


                        Share price volatility and the risk-free interest rate are obtained through an independent valuation.




          92            Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        Right grant date                                             25 October 2021           25 October 2021             25 October 2021

                        Number of rights granted                                               373,333                1,401,054                      92,280



                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                        Vesting date                                                     30 June 2023      30 September 2024         30 September 2024

                        Performance measure                                                       KPIs                      KPIs                        TSR



                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                         60%                      60%                         60%

                        Risk-free interest rate                                                 0.26%                    0.65%                       0.65%

                        Expected dividend yield                                                       –                        –                            –

                        Share price at grant date                                                 $1.14                    $1.14                       $1.14




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                        Assessed fair value                                                       $1.14                    $1.14                      $0.62


                        Right grant date                                          30 November 2021          30 November 2021          30 November 2021

                        Number of rights granted                                                98,672                  276,282                     118,406       Statements

                        Vesting date                                                     30 June 2023      30 September 2024         30 September 2024

                        Performance measure                                                       KPIs                      KPIs                        TSR



                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                         60%                      60%                         60%

                        Risk-free interest rate                                                 0.37%                    0.83%                       0.83%

                        Expected dividend yield                                                       –                        –                            –

                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                        Share price at grant date                                                $1.09                     $1.09                      $1.09

                        Assessed fair value                                                      $1.09                     $1.09                     $0.60


                        Shares
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                        (a) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)
                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        All staff are eligible to participate in the Starpharma Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan). The objective of the $1,000 Plan is to
                        assist in the reward, retention and motivation of employees of the group. An annual allocation of up to $1,000 of shares may be
                        granted and taxed on a concessional basis. Shares are granted under the $1,000 Plan for no consideration and are escrowed
                        for three years whilst participants are employed by the group.
                                                                                                                                                                  Independent
                        (b) Fair value of shares granted
                        The weighted average fair value at grant date of shares granted under the $1,000 Plan during the year ended 30 June 2023                  Auditor’s Report
                        was $0.68 per share (2022: $1.07 per share). The fair value at grant date is determined by the share price on the date of grant.
                        These shares were granted for no consideration. There was no allocation of shares under the plan to key management personnel.

                        Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2023 is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder
                        Share grant date                                                                                                   1 February 2023
                                                                                                                                                                  Information
                        Number of shares granted                                                                                                     67,620

                        Share price at grant date                                                                                                     $0.68


                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual
                        Assessed fair value                                                                                                           $0.68


                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report
                        Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 is as follows:

                        Share grant date                                                                                                   1 February 2022

                        Number of shares granted                                                                                                      37,128

                        Share price at grant date                                                                                                     $1.07       Corporate

                        Assessed fair value                                                                                                           $1.07       Directory




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Annual Report 2023   93
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2023



                        27. Share-Based Payments continued
                        Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
                        Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the period were as follows:

                                                                                                                          30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                $’000           $’000

                        Employee shares issued                                                                                     46                  39

                        Employee performance rights                                                                             2,014              2,208

                                                                                                                                2,060              2,247


                        28. Parent Entity Financial Information




For personal use only
                        (a) Summary financial information
                        The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                                                 Parent entity

                                                                                                                          30 June 2023    30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                $’000           $’000

                        Balance sheet

                        Current assets                                                                                         33,374             44,890

                        Total assets                                                                                           33,374             44,890

                        Current liabilities                                                                                      1,744                779

                        Total liabilities                                                                                        1,744                779


                        Shareholders’ equity

                        Contributed equity                                                                                    240,715            240,669

                        Reserves                                                                                               27,790              25,776

                        Accumulated losses                                                                                   (236,875)           (222,334)

                        Loss for the year                                                                                      (14,541)           (13,583)

                        Total comprehensive income                                                                             (14,541)           (13,583)


                        (b) Contingencies of the parent entity
                        The parent entity has no contingent assets or liabilities at 30 June 2023 (2022: nil).




          94            Annual Report 2023                                     Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Directors’ Declaration                                                                                                                    Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023


                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        In the directors’ opinion:
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        (a) the financial statements and notes set out on pages 63 to 94 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                           (i) complying with accounting standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting
                               requirements; and


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                           (ii) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2023 and of its performance
                                for the financial year ended on that date; and
                        (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due

                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                            and payable.

                        Note 1(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
                        International Accounting Standards Board.

                        The directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by section




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                        295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.


                                                                                                                                                                  Statements



                        Robert B Thomas AO
                        Chairman


                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        Melbourne,
                        24 August 2023


                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration




                                                                                                                                                                  Independent


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                  Information




                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                  Directory




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Annual Report 2023   95
                        Independent Auditor’s Report
                        TO THE MEMBERS OF STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED




                                             Independent auditor’s report




For personal use only
                                             To the members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

                                             Report on the audit of the financial report

                                             Our opinion
                                             In our opinion:
                                             The accompanying financial report of Starpharma Holdings Limited (the Company) and its controlled
                                             entity (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                                 (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2023 and of its
                                                     financial performance for the year then ended
                                                 (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                             What we have audited
                                             The Group financial report comprises:
                                             ●       the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2023
                                             ●       the consolidated income statement for the year then ended
                                             ●       the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
                                             ●       the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
                                             ●       the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
                                             ●       the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
                                                     and other explanatory information
                                             ●       the directors’ declaration.

                                             Basis for opinion
                                             We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                                             those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                                             report section of our report.

                                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                                             our opinion.

                                             Independence
                                             We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                                             Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical
                                             Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                                             Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
                                             fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                             2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                                             T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999

                                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




          96            Annual Report 2023                                         Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                           Directors’
                                                                                                                                                           Report




                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration

                                                                                                                                                           Report




                                                                                                                                                           Auditor’s Independence



                                                                                                                                                           Declaration


                        Our audit approach




For personal use only
                        An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from


                                                                                                                                                           Consolidated Financial
                        material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                        individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                        users taken on the basis of the financial report.


                                                                                                                                                           Statements
                        We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
                        opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                        structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




                                                                                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements


                                           Materiality                                            Audit scope

                        ●   For the purpose of our audit we used overall      ●   Our audit focused on where the Group made
                            Group materiality of $781,000, which                  subjective judgements; for example, significant                          Directors’
                            represents approximately 5% of the Group’s            accounting estimates involving assumptions and
                            loss before income tax.                               inherently uncertain future events.                                      Declaration

                        ●   We applied this threshold, together with          ●   All audit procedures are performed by PwC
                            qualitative considerations, to determine the          Australia, consistent with the location of Group
                            scope of our audit and the nature, timing and         management and financial records.

                                                                                                                                                           Independent
                            extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate
                            the effect of misstatements on the financial      ●   We tailored the scope of our audit taking into
                            report as a whole.                                    account the accounting processes and controls,

                                                                                                                                                           Auditor’s Report
                                                                                  and the industry in which the Group operates.
                        ●   We chose Group loss before income tax
                            because, in our view, it is the benchmark
                            against which the performance of the Group is
                            most commonly measured.
                        ●   We utilised a 5% threshold based on our

                                                                                                                                                           Shareholder
                            professional judgement, noting it is within the
                            range of commonly acceptable thresholds.

                                                                                                                                                           Information




                                                                                                                                                           Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                           Property Report




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate

                                                                                                                                                           Directory




                                                          Starpharma Holdings Limited                                                Annual Report 2023   97
                        Independent Auditor’s Report continued
                        TO THE MEMBERS OF STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED




                                             Key audit matters




For personal use only
                                             Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                                             our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the
                                             context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
                                             not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
                                             particular audit procedure is made in that context.

                                             Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                                                                         matter

                                             Research and Development Tax Incentive                      We have performed the following procedures to
                                             (Refer to note 3 critical accounting estimates and          assess the Group’s estimate of the R&D Tax Incentive
                                             judgements, note 6 expenses and note 9 current              receivable as at 30 June 2023:
                                             assets - trade and other receivables)
                                                                                                             ●   compared the estimate recorded in the
                                             The Group’s research and development (R&D)                          financial statements as at 30 June 2022 to
                                             activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under           the amount of cash received after lodgement
                                             an Australian Government Tax Incentive. The Group                   of the R&D Tax Incentive claim to assess
                                             has assessed these activities and related expenditure               historical accuracy of the estimate.
                                             to determine their eligibility under the incentive
                                             scheme.                                                         ●   compared the nature of the underlying R&D
                                                                                                                 expenditure included in the current year
                                             The R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded as at 30                  estimate to the prior year estimate.
                                             June 2023 was $7.24 million and $7.63 million was
                                             recognised as contra R&D expense in the income                  ●   assessed the nature of a sample of expenses
                                             statement for the period ended 30 June 2023.                        against the eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax
                                                                                                                 Incentive programme.
                                             This is a key audit matter due to:
                                                                                                             ●   agreed a sample of eligible expenditure in
                                                 ●    the significance of the amount receivable as               the estimate to the general ledger or other
                                                      at 30 June 2023; and                                       underlying accounting records.

                                                 ●    the degree of judgement and interpretation             ●   obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                      of the R&D tax legislation required by the                 company’s external tax advisor and agreed
                                                      Group to assess the eligibility of the R&D                 the advice to the R&D Tax Incentive
                                                      expenditure under the scheme.                              calculation for the current financial year.

                                                                                                             ●   evaluated the reasonableness of the
                                                                                                                 disclosure against the requirements of
                                                                                                                 Australian Accounting Standards.




          98            Annual Report 2023                                        Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                                                   Directors’
                                                                                                                                                   Report




                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration

                                                                                                                                                   Report




                                                                                                                                                   Auditor’s Independence



                                                                                                                                                   Declaration


                        Other information




For personal use only
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the


                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated Financial
                        information included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2023, but does not include the
                        financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.



                                                                                                                                                   Statements
                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                        express any form of assurance conclusion thereon through our opinion on the financial report. We
                        have issued a separate opinion on the remuneration report.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                        report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.



                                                                                                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated
                        If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
                        this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
                        are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                        Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
                        true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
                        and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
                        financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to
                        fraud or error.
                                                                                                                                                   Directors’
                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the                     Declaration
                        going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                        operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free                    Independent
                        from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                                                                                                                                                   Auditor’s Report
                        includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                        audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                        if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the                      Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                   Information
                        Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                        https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of
                        our auditor's report.




                                                                                                                                                   Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                   Property Report




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate

                                                                                                                                                   Directory




                                                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                          Annual Report 2023   99
                        Independent Auditor’s Report continued
                        TO THE MEMBERS OF STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED




                                             Report on the remuneration report




For personal use only
                                             Our opinion on the remuneration report
                                             We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 33 to 58 of the directors’ report for the
                                             year ended 30 June 2023.

                                             In our opinion, the remuneration report of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June
                                             2023 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                                             Responsibilities
                                             The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                                             remuneration report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility
                                             is to express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                                             Australian Auditing Standards.




                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                              Brad Peake                                                                                 Melbourne
                                              Partner                                                                                24 August 2023




          100           Annual Report 2023                                  Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Shareholder Information                                                                                                               Directors’
                                                                                                                                                              Report




                                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
                        Supplementary information as required by ASX listing requirements.
                                                                                                                                                              Report

                        A. Distribution of Equity Shareholders
                        Equity security holders by size of holding as at 11 August 2023:


                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Independence
                                                                                                                         Class of equity security

                                                                                                                                         Performance


                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                                                                                                                            Shares              rights

                        1 –1,000                                                                                              2,256                   –

                        1,001–5,000                                                                                           2,688                    1

                        5,001–10,000                                                                                           1,103                  –




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                              Consolidated Financial
                        10,001–100,000                                                                                        1,732                  10

                        100,001 and over                                                                                       303                   33


                                                                                                                                                              Statements
                        Total                                                                                                8,082                   47


                        There were 3,031 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.

                        B. Equity Security Holders

                                                                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated
                        The names of the 20 largest holders of quoted equity securities as at 11 August 2023:

                                                                                                                              Ordinary shares


                                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                        Percentage of
                                Name                                                                                   Number held       issued shares
                        1.      HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                               122,237,260              29.78
                        2.      JP Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                37,825,457                  9.21
                        3.      Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                            29,722,931                 7.24
                                                                                                                                                              Directors’
                        4.      BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                          20,532,433                5.00
                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                        5       National Nominees Limited                                                                5,752,680                  1.40
                        6.      BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd ACF Clearstream                                             5,064,744                  1.23
                        7.      T & N Argyrides Investments P/L <T & N Argyrides Pension A/C>                           5,060,000                   1.23
                        8.      Mr Kingsley Bryan Bartholomew                                                            3,427,025                0.83        Independent


                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Report
                        9.      Applecross Secretarial Services Pty Ltd <L Gorr Family A/C>                              3,361,550                0.82
                        10.     Ms Jacinth Fairley                                                                       3,252,386                0.79
                        11.     BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <IN AU Noms Retail Client> DRP>>Agency Lending DRP A/C>      2,814,519               0.69
                        12.     Mr Peter Murray Jackson DRP>>Agency Lending DRP A/C>                                    2,620,000                 0.64
                                                                                                                                                              Shareholder
                        13.     HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – A/C 2                                         2,564,149               0.62
                                                                                                                                                              Information
                        14.     Dollar Coin Investments Pty Ltd <Cousins Discretionary A/C>                              2,007,501                0.49
                        15.     Bell Potter Nominees Ltd                                                                2,000,000                 0.49
                        16.     Evelyn Family Beneficiary Pty Ltd                                                         1,679,537                 0.41
                        17.     Peppertree Custodian Services Pty Ltd <Mulcahy Superannuation>                           1,644,450                0.40        Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                              Property Report
                        18.     Mr Nigel James Baade                                                                      1,629,725               0.40
                        19.     Mr Thomas Harrington Mann                                                                  1,567,617              0.38
                        20. Mr David Michael Hosey + Mrs Andrea Jane Hosey                                                1,477,652               0.36
                                                                                                                       256,241,616               62.42        Corporate

                                                                                                                                                              Directory




                                                                              Starpharma Holdings Limited                              Annual Report 2023   101
                        Shareholder Information continued


                        B. Equity Security Holders continued
                                                                                                                Unquoted equity securities
                                                                                                                   over ordinary shares

                                                                                                                    Number           Number
                        Name                                                                                        on issue       of holders

                        Employee performance rights                                                               17,548,885              42



                        C. Substantial Holders
                        Substantial shareholders with a shareholding greater than 5% as at 18 August 2023:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     Ordinary shares

                                                                                                                               Percentage of
                        Name                                                                                   Number held       issue shares

                        Allan Gray Australia Pty Ltd                                                              51,965,719             12.7

                        Allianz SE                                                                              48,480,000               11.8

                        M&G Plc                                                                                   26,114,235              6.4

                        FIL Limited                                                                              25,777,420               6.3

                        ICM Investment Management Ltd                                                             21,361,682              5.2


                        D. Voting Rights
                        The voting rights attached to each class of equity securities are set out below:

                        (a) Ordinary shares	On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote
                                             and on a poll each share shall have one vote.
                        (b) Performance rights         No voting rights.




          102           Annual Report 2023                                   Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Intellectual Property Report                                                                                                             Directors’
                                                                                                                                                                 Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration
                        The Starpharma patent portfolio currently has around 20 active patent families with over 200 granted patents and more than
                        70 patent applications pending.                                                                                                          Report


                        Key patents within the Starpharma portfolio as at 31 July 2023:

                                                              Priority date and

                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Independence
                        Title                                publication number                 Patents granted               Applications pending

                        VivaGel® patent portfolio


                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        Agents for the Prevention               30 March 2001                         USA
                        & Treatment of Sexually                 WO02/079299
                        Transmitted Diseases

                        Microbicidal Dendrimer                18 October 2005           Australia, Canada, Europe,
                        Composition Delivery                  WO2007/045009          Hong Kong, India, Japan, Malaysia,




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Financial
                        System (Condom related)                                       Mexico, New Zealand, Russian
                                                                                         Federation, South Korea,
                                                                                                Taiwan, USA

                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
                        Method of Treatment or                   16 May 2011          Australia, Brazil, Canada, China,                India
                        Prophylaxis of Bacterial Vaginosis     WO2012/000891         Europe, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan,
                                                                                     Mexico, Russia, South Korea, USA

                        Method of Treatment or                13 September 2012           Canada, China, Europe, Hong
                        Prophylaxis of Infection of the        WO2014/043576                Kong, India, Japan, USA


                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated
                        Eye

                        Drug Delivery patent portfolio (includes DEP® patents)



                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                        Macromolecules Compounds               25 October 2005        Australia, Canada, Europe, USA
                        having Controlled Stoichiometry        WO2007/048190

                        Modified Macromolecules                20 January 2006       Australia, Canada, China, Europe,
                                                               WO2007/082331           Hong Kong, India, Japan, USA

                        Targeted Polylysine Dendrimer           11 August 2006              China, Europe, India, USA
                        Therapeutic Agent                      WO2008/017125                                                                                     Directors’

                        Macromolecules                          6 June 2011                 Australia, Brazil, Canada,               India, USA                  Declaration
                        (Drug linkers)                         WO2012/167309               China, Europe, Hong Kong,
                                                                                            Japan, South Korea, USA

                        Dendrimer Drug Conjugates               6 June 2014                       Europe, USA                          India
                        (DEP-Insulin/GLP1)                     WO 2015/184510                                                                                    Independent


                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                        Therapeutic Dendrimer                    19 July 2018                         USA                 Australia, Brazil, Canada, China,
                        (DEP-Cabazitaxel)                      WO2020/014750                                              Europe, India, Indonesia, Japan,
                                                                                                                          Malaysia, Mexico, Saudi Arabia,
                                                                                                                             Singapore, South Africa,
                                                                                                                                    South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                 Shareholder
                        Dendrimer for Therapy and             29 November 2018                                            Australia, Brazil, Canada, China,
                        Imaging (DEP-radiotheranostic)         WO2020/107078                                                 Europe, India, Indonesia,           Information
                                                                                                                          Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico,
                                                                                                                             Saudi Arabia, Singapore,
                                                                                                                          South Africa, South Korea, USA

                                                                                                                                                                 Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                 Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                 Directory




                                                                             Starpharma Holdings Limited                                  Annual Report 2023   103
                        Intellectual Property Report continued


                                                              Priority date and
                        Title                                publication number              Patents granted                 Applications pending

                        Drug Delivery patent portfolio (includes DEP® patents) continued

                        Therapeutic Dendrimer                 20 November 2018                                           Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile,
                        (DEP-Irinotecan)                      WO2020/102852                                              China, Europe, India, Indonesia,
                                                                                                                         Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico,
                                                                                                                             Saudi Arabia, Singapore,
                                                                                                                            South Africa, South Korea,
                                                                                                                                     UAE, USA

                        Therapeutic Dendrimer                26 September 2019                                              Australia, Canada, China,
                        (DEP-GEM)                             WO2021/056077                                              Europe, India, Indonesia, Japan,
                                                                                                                         Korea, Saudi Arabia, Singapore,




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             South Africa, UAE, USA

                        Targeted Dendrimer Conjugates         28 August 2019                                             Australia, Brazil Canada, China,
                        (DEP-targeted)                        WO2021/035310                                              Europe, India, Japan, Malaysia,
                                                                                                                            Korea, Singapore, USA

                        Method of Prophylaxis                  15 April 2020                     Australia             China, Europe, Hong Kong, Japan,
                        of Coronavirus Infection              WO/2021/207790                                            Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South
                                                                                                                        Africa, Taiwan, United Kingdom,
                                                                                                                                  United States

                        Dendrimer-drug conjugates             31 August 2020                                               Europe, India, United States
                        (Remdesivir)                          WO2022/040761


                        Starpharma actively protects its trademark rights with filings and registrations in key markets. The primary marks protected
                        are STARPHARMA, VIVAGEL, DEP and VIRALEZE.




          104           Annual Report 2023                                  Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        Corporate Directory                                                                                                                  Directors’
                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration
                        Company Name                                                       Solicitors
                                                                                                                                                             Report
                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        DLA Piper
                        ABN 20 078 532 180                                                 80 Collins Street
                                                                                           Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia
                        Directors
                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Independence
                        R B Thomas AO – Chairman
                                                                                           Stock Exchange Listing
                                                                                           ASX Limited
                        J K Fairley – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director

                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                                                                                           Level 4, North Tower, Rialto,
                        D J McIntyre                                                       525 Collins Street
                        L Cheng                                                            Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia

                        J R Davies                                                         ASX Code: SPL
                        R Basser




For personal use only
                                                                                           Starpharma’s American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)

                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial
                                                                                           trade under the code SPHRY (CUSIP number 855563102).
                        Company Secretary                                                  Each Starpharma ADR is equivalent to 10 ordinary shares


                                                                                                                                                             Statements
                        Justin Cahill                                                      of Starpharma as traded on the ASX. The Bank of New York
                        Tracy Weimar                                                       Mellon is the depositary bank.

                                                                                           Starpharma’s ADRs are listed on OTCQX International
                        Registered Office                                                  (www.otcmarkets.com), a premium market tier in the US
                        4-6 Southampton Crescent                                           for international exchange-listed companies operated
                        Abbotsford VIC 3067 Australia                                      by OTC Markets Group.

                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated
                        Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
                                                                                           Website


                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                        Postal Address                                                     www.starpharma.com

                        PO Box 2022
                        Preston VIC 3072 Australia

                        Share Register
                        Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited                                                                                          Directors’
                        452 Johnston Street
                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                        Abbotsford VIC 3067 Australia

                        GPO Box 2975
                        Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia

                        1300 850 505 (within Australia)                                                                                                      Independent


                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Report
                        +613 9415 4000 (outside Australia)
                        www.computershare.com

                        Auditor
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                                                                                                             Shareholder
                        2 Riverside Quay
                        Southbank VIC 3006 Australia                                                                                                         Information




                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                             Property Report




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate

                                                                                                                                                             Directory




                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited                               Annual Report 2023   105
For personal use only




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        ABN 20 078 532 180
                        4-6 Southampton Crescent
                        Abbotsford
                        VIC 3067 Australia
                        Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
                        www.starpharma.com
