                        ASX Announcement


                              Appendix 4E: Preliminary Financial Report
                                                               under ASX Listing Rule 4.3A



                        Current reporting period: Year ended 30 June 2024

                        Prior corresponding period: Year ended 30 June 2023



                        Results for announcement to the market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                           $’000

                         Revenue from continuing operations                           Up
                                                                                                 132%       to           $9,756
                         (Appendix 4E item 2.1)                                   (increase)

                         Adjusted Revenue*                                          Down
                                                                                                  24%       to           $3,203
                         (excluding Mundipharma settlement)                       (decrease)

                         Loss from continuing operations after tax
                                                                                    Down
                         attributable to members
                                                                                  (decrease)      48%       to           $8,165
                         (Appendix 4E item 2.2, 2.3)

                         Adjusted Loss*                                             Down
                         (excluding Mundipharma settlement)                       (decrease)       6%       to          $14,718


                        *Adjusted Revenue is calculated as Revenue ($9,756,000) from continuing operations less nonrecurring
                        revenue of $6,553,000 relating to the commercial settlement and termination of the VivaGel® BV license and
                        supply agreement with Mundipharma in August 2023. Adjusted Loss likewise subtracts the above
                        nonrecurring revenue from the Loss for the period.

                        Dividends (Appendix 4E items 2.4 and 2.5)

                        No dividends have been paid or declared by the entity since the beginning of the current reporting period.
                        No dividends were paid for the previous corresponding period. No record date for determining entitlements
                        to dividends has been declared.

                        Explanation of Revenue (Appendix 4E item 2.6)

                        Revenue of $9,756,000 (2023: $4,208,000) for the year includes product sales, royalty and license, and
                        research revenue from commercial partners of $8,289,000 (2023: $2,939,000), and interest income on cash
                        invested in term deposits of $1,467,000 (2023: $1,269,000). Revenue included a nonrecurring $6,553,000
                        from the commercial settlement of the VivaGel® BV license and supply agreement with Mundipharma in
                        August 2023. Excluding the Mundipharma settlement, half-year adjusted revenue was $3,203,000, an 24%
                        decrease on prior corresponding period revenues, with lower product sales in the current period.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Explanation of Loss (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        The loss after tax was $8,165,000 (2023: $15,638,000 loss) and includes nonrecurring revenue of $6,553,000
                        from the Mundipharma commercial settlement. After adjusting for the non-recurring revenue, the loss after
                        tax is $14,718,000, $920,000 less than the prior year. Research and product development expense was
                        $10,053000 (2023: $11,239,000) net of the Australian Government’s R&D tax incentive. Research
                        expenditures are primarily associated with the internal DEP® drug delivery programs, including DEP®
                        docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP® irinotecan, DEP® ADCs and DEP® radiotheranostics, and the post-market
                        study of Viraleze™.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Financial Statements (Appendix 4E items 3, 4 and 5)

                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.




For personal use only
                        Accumulated Losses (Appendix 4E item 6)

                        Refer to note 18 in the Annual Report, which follows this announcement.

                        Net Tangible Asset Backing (Appendix 4E item 9)

                        Net tangible asset (NTA) backing per ordinary share at 30 June 2024 is $0.07 (2023: $0.08).

                        Other Significant Information (Appendix 4E item 12)

                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Commentary on Results (Appendix 4E item 14)
                        Refer to the Annual Report, which follows this announcement, including the Operating and Financial
                        Review in the Directors’ Report.

                        Audit (Appendix 4E items 15 to 17)

                        The audit of the financial statements and notes has been completed and the Auditors’ Report to members
                        is contained in the Annual Report, which follows this announcement. The above NTA backing calculation
                        is considered a non-IFRS value and has not been audited or reviewed in accordance with Australian
                        Accounting Standards.

                        Appendix 4E items 7, 8, 10, 11, and 13 are not applicable.
                        ASX Announcement


                                Starpharma Annual Report and Full-Year
                                          Financial Results
                        Melbourne, Australia; 22 August 2024: Starpharma (ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY), an innovative
                        biotechnology company with two decades of experience in advancing dendrimer technology from the
                        lab to the patient, today releases its annual report and full-year financial results for the year ended 30
                        June 2024.
                        Starpharma’s Chief Executive Officer, Cheryl Maley, commented:




For personal use only
                        "Starpharma is pleased to present its annual report and full-year financial results for the 2024
                        financial year. Starpharma achieved several important milestones during the year, including reporting
                        results from multiple clinical studies, advancing key projects in our pipeline, and forming new
                        partnerships, all of which will contribute to our continued growth.
                        “Our primary focus remains on delivering impactful healthcare, medical, and pharmaceutical
                        solutions that not only drive value for our shareholders but also make a meaningful difference in the
                        lives of people, especially those battling serious illnesses like cancer.
                        “We are aware of the challenges we face with our underperforming share price and small market
                        capitalisation. Everyone at Starpharma is committed to realising our strategic imperatives –
                        maximising DEP® asset value, accelerating early asset development, and building long-term
                        sustainability – and we are taking the necessary steps to achieve them. We are confident that
                        reaching these goals will help to increase shareholder value, and we look forward to sharing our
                        progress with our shareholders as it unfolds.
                        “Importantly, we have sufficient capital to support our objectives, with a cash balance of $23.4
                        million as at 30 June 2024. The completion of several clinical programs has led to a reduction in our
                        research and development expenses, extending our cash runway. Shareholders should know that we
                        are focusing on increasing revenue, with a number of opportunities on the horizon.”
                        Key Financial Results

                            •   Ended the 2024 financial year with $23.4 million cash on hand.
                            •   Reported loss down 48% to $8.2M (FY23: $15.6M).
                            •   Net cash outflow of $11.8 million (FY23 $14.8 million), with cash outflow from operations of
                                $6.9 million, down $7.4 million from FY23 ($14.3 million)
                            •   Revenue up 132% to $9.8M (FY23: $4.2M), including the one-time $6.6M cash payment from
                                Mundipharma on termination of the VivaGel® BV license and supply agreement.
                            •   Starpharma received a $7.2 million FY23 R&D tax incentive refund in October 2023, with a
                                further FY24 R&D tax incentive refund of approximately $5.0 million expected in H1 FY25.
                        Operational Highlights

                            •   Reported the results from all three Phase II clinical trial programs – DEP® SN38, DEP®
                                cabazitaxel, and DEP® docetaxel. All three programs provided clinical validation of the DEP®
                                technology; over 350 patients have now been treated using DEP® products. The trials showed
                                promising anti-tumour activity and improvements in efficacy, including longer median
                                progression-free survival (mPFS) and higher overall survival (OS) rates, than published data
                                on standard-of-care treatment regimens. The DEP® products also demonstrated improved
                                tolerability profiles in patients with advanced, heavily pre-treated cancers, including lower
                            rates of severe adverse events, compared with standard-of-care treatments. Importantly, the
                            DEP® treatments extended the lives of many patients and allowed many to live more fulfilling
                            and enriched lives.
                        •   Confirmed plans to progress Starpharma’s DEP® HER2 radiodiagnostic program towards
                            a first-in-human clinical trial, following promising early-stage imaging data in HER2-positive
                            (HER2+) cancers. Starpharma’s DEP® radiopharmaceuticals program continues to show that
                            DEP® dendrimers are a promising, versatile, and multifunctional platform for developing
                            precision radiotheranostics for cancer imaging and therapeutic applications. This dendrimer
                            technology bridges the gap between small molecules and large antibodies, offering the
                            potential to improve performance and overcome limitations associated with existing
                            technologies and treatments.
                        •   Partnered with Medicxi, a leading life sciences investment firm, to co-found Petalion
                            Therapeutics, an asset-centric company focusing on developing a novel cancer therapy




For personal use only
                            using Starpharma’s dendrimer technology. Starpharma receives an equity holding of
                            22.5% in Petalion in return for licensing certain intellectual property for the research,
                            development, and commercialisation of this potential new cancer therapy.
                        •   Presented the advantages of Starpharma’s DEP® dendrimer technology in oncology at
                            multiple international industry conferences, including the American Society of Clinical
                            Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in the US, the ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium
                            in the US, the International Conference on Molecular Targets, co-hosted by the American
                            Association of Cancer Research (AACR), National Cancer Institute (NCI), and the European
                            Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) in the US, and the Society of
                            Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI) Annual Meeting in Canada.
                        •   Partnered with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group to sell and distribute VivaGel® BV in 13
                            countries across the Middle East and North Africa region. Bacterial vaginosis is highly
                            prevalent in this region, presenting a market need and commercial opportunity for new and
                            effective therapeutic approaches. This agreement came shortly after Starpharma terminated
                            the VivaGel® BV license to Mundipharma, regained the commercial rights to Mundipharma's
                            territories, and received a one-time A$6.6 million cash payment from Mundipharma.
                        •   Generated clinical evidence demonstrating the effectiveness of Viraleze™ in humans.
                            The results from the post-market clinical study of Viraleze™ in COVID-19 patients showed
                            that Viraleze™ achieved a statistically significant reduction in SARS-CoV-2 viral load in the
                            cohort of patients aged 45 and over. This data will support the regulatory transition to the new
                            European Medical Device Regulations, which come into full effect in 2029. The findings will
                            also support ongoing marketing and commercial activities.
                        •   Achieved Great Place to Work® certification for the second consecutive year. This
                            external recognition is a testament to our team’s positive workplace environment and
                            company culture.




                                                                                                                           2
                        About Starpharma
                        Starpharma ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY) is an innovative biotechnology company with two decades of experience in advancing
                        dendrimer technology from the lab to the patient. Our mission is to help patients with significant illnesses, such as cancer, achieve
                        improved health outcomes and quality of life through the application of our unique dendrimer technology.
                        Dendrimers are precise, synthetically manufactured, nanoscale molecules. Their unique properties—including their size, structure,
                        high degree of branching, polyvalency, and water solubility—are advantageous in medical and pharmaceutical applications.
                        Starpharma’s portfolio of dendrimer-based products includes three clinical-stage DEP® (dendrimer enhanced product) assets,
                        preclinical radiopharmaceutical assets, research collaborations, and three commercially marketed over-the-counter (OTC)
                        products.
                        For more information about Starpharma, visit www.starpharma.com or connect with Starpharma on LinkedIn.




                        WE Communications                    Starpharma Holdings Limited                                 Disclosure




For personal use only
                        Hannah Howlett                       Cheryl Maley, Chief Executive Officer                       This ASX Announcement was
                        +61 450 648 064                      Justin Cahill, CFO and Company Secretary                    authorised for release by the
                        WE-AUStarPharma@we-                  +61 3 8532 2704                                             Chair, Mr Rob Thomas.
                        worldwide.com                        investor.relations@starpharma.com
                                                             4-6 Southampton Crescent
                                                             Abbotsford Vic 3067
                        Forward-Looking Statements

                        This document contains certain forward-looking statements, relating to Starpharma’s business, which can be identified by the use of
                        forward-looking terminology such as “promising”, “plans”, “anticipated”, “will”, “project”, “believe”, “forecast”, “expected”,
                        “estimated”, “targeting”, “aiming”, “set to”, “potential”, “seeking to”, “goal”, “could provide”, “intends”, “is being developed”,
                        “could be”, “on track”, or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential filings or marketing approvals,
                        or potential future sales of product candidates. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
                        and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
                        expressed or implied by such statements. There can be no assurance that any existing or future regulatory filings will satisfy the
                        FDA’s and other authorities’ requirements regarding any one or more product candidates, nor can there be any assurance that such
                        product candidates will be approved by any authorities for sale in any market or that they will reach any particular level of sales. In
                        particular, management’s expectations regarding the approval and commercialization of the product candidates could be affected
                        by, among other things, unexpected trial results, including additional analysis of existing data, and new data; unexpected regulatory
                        actions or delays, or government regulation generally; our ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual
                        property protection; competition in general; government, industry, and general public pricing pressures; and additional factors that
                        involve significant risks and uncertainties about our products, product candidates, financial results and business prospects. Should
                        one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary
                        materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated, or expected. Starpharma is providing this information as
                        of the date of this document and does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this
                        document as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise. Clinical case studies and other clinical
                        information given in this document are given for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily a guide to product performance
                        and no representation or warranty is made by any person as to the likelihood of achievement or reasonableness of future results.
                        Nothing contained in this document, nor any information made available to you is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise,
                        representation, warranty or guarantee as to the past, present or the future performance of any Starpharma product.




                                                                                                                                                              3
For personal use only


                        Delivering
                        meaningful
                        patient outcomes
                        with advanced
                        dendrimer
                        technology
                                           Annual Report
                                                   2024
                                     Starpharma is an innovative
                                     biotechnology company with
                                     two decades of experience
                                     in advancing dendrimer
                                     technology from the lab
                                     to the patient.
                                     Our mission is to help patients with significant
                                     illnesses, such as cancer, achieve improved health
                                     outcomes and quality of life through the application
                                     of our unique dendrimer technology.




For personal use only
                        Contents

                        01                                 02                  04                       06
                        Highlights                         Chairman’s Report   Chief Executive          Key Focus Area 1:
                                                                               Officer’s Report         Maximise DEP®
                                                                                                        Asset Value




                        09                                 11                  13                       14
                        Key Focus Area 2:                  Key Focus Area 3:   Outlook                  Directors’ Report
                        Accelerate Early                   Build Long-Term                              (including
                        Asset Development                  Sustainability                               Remuneration Report)




                        55                                 56                  86                       87
                        Auditor’s Independence             Annual Financial    Directors’ Declaration   Independent
                        Declaration                        Report                                       Auditor’s Report




                        91                                 93                  95
                        Shareholder                        Intellectual        Corporate
                        Information                        Property Report     Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited   ABN 20 078 532 180                                          Annual Report 2024
                               Highlights




For personal use only
                               Reported the results from all three Phase II clinical trial   Presented the advantages of Starpharma’s DEP®
                               programs – DEP® SN38 (DEP® irinotecan), DEP®                  dendrimer technology in oncology at multiple
                               cabazitaxel, and DEP® docetaxel. All three programs           international industry conferences, including the American
                               provided clinical validation of the DEP® technology; over     Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in the
                               350 patients have now been treated using DEP® products.       US, the ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium in the
                               The trials showed promising anti-cancer activity and          US, the International Conference on Molecular Targets,
                               improvements in efficacy, including longer median             co-hosted by the American Association of Cancer Research
                               progression-free survival (mPFS) and higher overall           (AACR), National Cancer Institute (NCI), and the European
                               survival (OS) rates, than published data on standard-of-      Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer
                               care regimens. The DEP® products also demonstrated            (EORTC) in the US, and the Society of Nuclear Medicine
                               improved tolerability profiles in patients with advanced      and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI) Annual Meeting in Canada.
                               cancers, including lower rates of severe adverse events,
                               compared with standard-of-care treatments. Importantly,
                               the DEP® treatments extended the lives of many patients
                               who had failed other therapies and allowed many to live       Partnered with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group to sell
                               more fulfilling and enriched lives.                           and distribute VivaGel® BV in 13 countries across
                                                                                             the Middle East and North Africa region. Bacterial
                                                                                             vaginosis is highly prevalent in this region, presenting a
                                                                                             market need and commercial opportunity for new and
                               Confirmed plans to progress Starpharma’s DEP® HER2            effective therapeutic approaches. This agreement came
                               radiodiagnostic program towards a first-in-human              shortly after Starpharma terminated the VivaGel® BV
                               clinical trial, following promising early-stage imaging       license to Mundipharma, regained the commercial rights
                               data in HER2-positive (HER2+) cancers. Starpharma’s           to Mundipharma’s territories, and received a one-time
                               DEP® radiopharmaceuticals program continues to                A$6.6 million cash payment from Mundipharma.
                               show that DEP® dendrimers are a promising, versatile,
                               and multifunctional platform for developing precision
                               radiotheranostics for cancer imaging and therapeutic
                               applications. This dendrimer technology bridges the           Generated clinical evidence demonstrating the
                               gap between small molecules and large antibodies,             effectiveness of VIRALEZE™ in humans. The results from
                               offering the potential to improve performance and             the post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in COVID-19
                               overcome limitations associated with existing                 patients showed that VIRALEZE™ achieved a statistically
                               technologies and treatments.                                  significant reduction in SARS-CoV-2 viral load in the
                                                                                             cohort of patients aged 45 and over. This data will support
                                                                                             the regulatory transition to the new European Medical
                                                                                             Device Regulations, which come into full effect in 2029.
                               Partnered with Medicxi, a leading life sciences               The findings will also support ongoing marketing
                               investment firm, to co-found Petalion Therapeutics,           and commercial activities.
                               an asset-centric company focusing on developing
                               a novel cancer therapy using Starpharma’s dendrimer
                               technology. Starpharma receives an equity holding
                               of 22.5% in Petalion in return for licensing certain          Received a $7.2 million research and development (R&D)
                               intellectual property for the research,development, and       tax incentive refund in October 2023 under the Australian
                               commercialisation of this potential new cancer therapy.       Federal Government’s R&D Tax Incentive scheme. This tax
                                                                                             refund pertains to eligible domestic and international R&D
                                                                                             activities across Starpharma’s portfolio. The government
                                                                                             scheme is important in supporting local companies like
                               Achieved Great Place to Work® certification for the           Starpharma to innovate and grow.
                               second consecutive year. This external recognition
                               is a testament to our team’s positive workplace
                               environment and company culture.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      1                                            Annual Report 2024
                        Chairman’s Report




                                                             We are deeply committed to our mission of
                                                             helping patients with significant illnesses, such as
                                                             cancer, achieve improved treatment outcomes
                                                             and quality of life through the application of our
                                                             unique dendrimer technology.




For personal use only
                        Rob Thomas AO Chairman




                        Dear shareholders,

                        On behalf of the Board of Directors,
                                                                    made a profound impact on
                                                                    our organisation, and we look forward
                                                                    to the future with great anticipation.
                                                                                                                    350+          patients
                                                                                                                    have experienced clinical benefits
                        I am pleased to present Starpharma’s
                                                                                                                    from Starpharma’s dendrimer drug
                        2024 Annual Report to our fellow            During FY24, we were pleased to report          delivery technology
                        shareholders.                               positive outcomes from our Phase
                                                                    II clinical trials of DEP® SN38, DEP®
                        2024 marks a significant year of            cabazitaxel, and DEP® docetaxel.
                        transition for Starpharma, highlighted      These trials have shown promising
                        by Cheryl Maley assuming the role           anti-tumour efficacy, including                 While chemotherapy remains
                        of CEO after an international search        longer progression-free survival than           fundamental in cancer treatment,
                        and Jackie Fairley’s retirement.            published data on standard-of-care              emerging technologies such as
                        Jackie dedicated over 17 years to           treatment options, and excellent                radiopharmaceuticals and antibody-
                        our company; we are grateful for her        tolerability profiles in patients with          drug conjugates (ADCs) necessitate
                        service and leadership, as well as          challenging-to-treat cancers.                   continuous adaptation and
                        her assistance during the transition.                                                       acceleration of our research
                                                                    These are positive achievements                 and development efforts. Recent
                        This leadership transition provided us      and demonstrate the abilities of                high-value mergers and acquisitions,
                        with a valuable opportunity to reflect on   Starpharma’s DEP® technology                    as well as product approvals and
                        Starpharma’s journey and learnings and      in cementing our core mission of                successes, underscore the industry’s
                        critically evaluate our current position.   providing improved treatment options            growing interest in these technologies.
                        While we believe the current share          for patients with significant illnesses.
                        price does not reflect the true value of                                                    Looking forward, our focus on advancing
                        our dendrimer technology and current        We went on to showcase our leading              our DEP® radiopharmaceuticals, including
                        assets, the Board recognises that the       candidates, DEP® SN38 and DEP®                  a radiodiagnostic and radiotherapeutic,
                        market requires further commercial          cabazitaxel, at the prestigious ASCO            reflects our commitment to research
                        validation of our technology. This is our   Annual Meeting in Chicago in June 2024.         and development in novel therapeutic
                        prime focus.                                This recognition not only underscores           areas.
                                                                    the clinical interest in our Phase II results
                        We are deeply committed to our              but also validates the potential of these       Collaborations are integral to
                        mission of helping patients with            treatments in cancer therapy.                   Starpharma’s strategy, enabling
                        significant illnesses, such as cancer,                                                      broader application of our dendrimer
                        achieve improved treatment outcomes         Starpharma’s dendrimer drug delivery            technology across various therapeutic
                        and quality of life through the             technology has now demonstrated                 areas. We value our partnerships
                        application of our unique dendrimer         clinical benefits in over 350 patients,         deeply and continue to evolve our
                        technology.                                 garnering strong support from clinical          collaboration models to expedite
                                                                    investigators and reinforcing our               progress and maximise value.
                        Under Cheryl’s leadership, we are           leadership in this field. We are at the
                        confident in our ability to execute         forefront of this innovative technology.
                        our strategy effectively and improve
                        shareholder value. Cheryl has already




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      2                                                Annual Report 2024
For personal use only
                        The formation of Petalion Therapeutics    During FY24, we were pleased to report positive
                        in partnership with Medicxi exemplifies
                        our dedication to exploring new           outcomes from our Phase II clinical trials of
                        partnership models and accelerating       DEP® SN38, DEP® cabazitaxel, and DEP® docetaxel.
                        early asset development. An important
                        advantage of the asset-centric
                                                                  These trials have shown promising anti-tumour
                        approach is Petalion’s ability to         efficacy, including longer progression-free survival
                        accelerate development, and this
                        partnership is progressing well.
                                                                  than published data on standard-of-care treatment
                                                                  options, and excellent tolerability profiles in
                        Our partnerships with Genentech and
                        MSD continued to progress, and our
                                                                  patients with challenging-to-treat cancers.
                        chemistry teams are diligently working
                        to deliver the desired outcomes for
                                                                  business operations, support our             both short-term and long-term, for all
                        both partners.
                                                                  people, and operate with good                employees. This change is designed to
                        Our commercial products, VivaGel®         governance. Our people are at the            further align employee rewards more
                        BV and VIRALEZE™ Nasal Spray are          core of our organisation, and we were        closely with shareholder returns.
                        important for generating additional       delighted to have achieved Great
                                                                  Place to Work® certification for the         The Board of Directors extend sincere
                        revenue for the company and
                                                                  second consecutive year, recognising         thanks to our shareholders, customers,
                        supporting our sustainable growth
                                                                  our team’s positive workplace and            and partners for their continued support.
                        objectives. We were pleased to
                                                                  company culture. We encourage you            Starpharma is acutely focused on
                        announce that the post-market clinical
                                                                  to read our ESG Report 2024, which           executing its strategic objectives, which
                        study of VIRALEZE™ had shown positive
                                                                  provides more details about our              include maximising DEP® asset value,
                        results, demonstrating its antiviral
                                                                  ESG initiatives.                             accelerating early asset development,
                        efficacy. Additionally, we partnered
                                                                                                               and building a financially sustainable
                        with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group to
                                                                  In closing, on behalf of the Board, I wish   business that will generate benefits
                        sell and distribute VivaGel® BV in the
                                                                  to thank Cheryl, our leadership team,        for patients and shareholders alike.
                        Middle East and North Africa region
                                                                  and the entire Starpharma team for
                        after successfully negotiating an exit
                                                                  their efforts in recent months. Transition
                        from the Mundipharma distribution
                                                                  is not easy, but the Board could not be
                        agreement. We consider these
                                                                  more pleased with how it has gone.
                        developments to be important steps
                        towards growing revenue from              The Company’s underperforming share
                        both products.                                                                         Rob Thomas AO
                                                                  price places additional pressure on
                                                                                                               Chairman
                                                                  all of us. I want shareholders to know
                        Starpharma places great importance
                                                                  that the stock performance has been
                        on Environmental, Social, and
                                                                  explicitly considered in determining
                        Governance (ESG) initiatives, ensuring
                                                                  remuneration. For the 2025 financial
                        responsible business practices. We
                                                                  year, we have revised the remuneration
                        aim to minimise our environmental
                                                                  framework to increase the proportion of
                        impact relative to the scale of our
                                                                  at-risk performance-based incentives,




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   3                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Chief Executive Officer’s Report




                                                                 A key milestone in our plan to maximise DEP®
                                                                 asset value was the successful presentation of two
                                                                 oral podium sessions at the esteemed American
                                                                 Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
                                                                 Meeting in June 2024.




For personal use only
                        Cheryl Maley Chief Executive Officer




                        Dear fellow shareholders,                    This evaluation also identified key       Our focus on radiopharmaceuticals is
                                                                     opportunities, prompting us to refine     particularly timely, given the current
                        I am pleased to present Starpharma’s         our core value proposition, enhance       momentum in this sector. Starpharma’s
                        2024 Annual Report for the first time        execution focus, allocate resources       dendrimer technology has great
                        as Chief Executive Officer. Since            to strategic priorities, strengthen       potential in radiopharmaceuticals,
                        joining Starpharma, I have observed a        commercial capabilities, and improve      offering advantages such as enhanced
                        culture of passion and determination         shareholder engagement. Guided by         tumour targeting, rapid blood
                        towards realising our mission of helping     these findings, we established three      clearance, excellent imaging contrast,
                        patients with significant illnesses,         pivotal focus areas: maximising DEP®      and minimal exposure to radiation-
                        such as cancer, achieve improved             asset value, accelerating early-stage     sensitive organs. By advancing our
                        health outcomes and quality of life          development, and building long-           dendrimer technology in this space,
                        through the application of our unique        term sustainability.                      internally and with partners, we aim
                        dendrimer technology. This mission                                                     to develop targeted diagnostic and
                        and our commitments to advancing             Since sharing these strategic             treatment options that offer significant
                        dendrimer technology and boosting            imperatives with shareholders             advantages over existing regimens and
                        shareholder value are at the forefront       approximately three months ago,           position us well in a competitive market.
                        of our priorities.                           our team has been dedicated to
                                                                     their realisation.                        While maximising the value of
                        In acknowledging the current share                                                     Starpharma’s DEP® clinical assets is
                        price, we are diligently working at          A key milestone in our plan to maximise   our number one priority, accelerating
                        Starpharma to enhance value for our          DEP® asset value was the successful       the advancement of new candidates in
                        shareholders. We are not content with        presentation of two oral podium           our early asset development program
                        the current position and firmly believe      sessions at the esteemed American         is crucial to our future success.
                        that it does not reflect the true value of   Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)       Following this year’s comprehensive
                        our company.                                 Annual Meeting in June 2024. The          review, our scientists are committed to
                                                                     acceptance of Starpharma’s Phase II       accelerating this development with a
                        As you know, soon after I started with       clinical data reinforces the promising    renewed focus and rigorous research
                        the company, I, along with the Board         potential of DEP® SN38 (DEP®              and development processes.
                        and leadership team, conducted               irinotecan) and DEP® cabazitaxel for
                        a comprehensive review of the                patients with cancer.                     Our recent strategic partnership
                        business. This rigorous assessment                                                     with Medicxi exemplifies this focus
                        encompassed every facet of                   Our participation at ASCO was             and our approach to innovation.
                        our operations, from programs,               extremely valuable, as it provided        The formation of Petalion Therapeutics
                        partnerships, sales, and marketing           Starpharma with the opportunity to        in collaboration with Medicxi represents
                        to regulatory compliance and                 establish meaningful connections with     a novel venture for Starpharma, but
                        research. The insights gained from           companies with an interest in exploring   it is a partnership model that Medicxi
                        this review, shared with shareholders        dendrimer applications in their product   has demonstrated success with.
                        in May, underscored our strengths in         pipelines. Our presence at the BIO        The partnership aims to expedite
                        innovation, expertise in dendrimer           2024 Conference and the Society           the development of a promising
                        science, and collaborative ethos.            of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular         oncology asset, leveraging our
                                                                     Imaging (SNMMI) Annual Meeting further    collective expertise. This partnership is
                                                                     increased our visibility and potential    progressing well, and we look forward
                                                                     partner opportunities that could          to sharing relevant updates with you
                                                                     maximise the value of our assets          in the future.
                                                                     and DEP® technology.


                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     4                                             Annual Report 2024
                        Achieving self-sustainability is a              Our strategic initiatives are designed            This report is structured to align with
                        cornerstone of our long-term strategy,          to leverage our strengths, define                 our three strategic pillars and offers
                        in tandem with our developmental                our commercial priorities, address                an overview of our progress from
                        efforts. This goal hinges on increasing         identified opportunities, and position            FY24 within each focus area.
                        revenue from commercialised over-               us for long-term success. We are
                        the-counter products, effective cost            resolutely committed to and confident             Thank you for your continued support
                        management, optimising our cash                 in our ability to deliver on these                and trust in our vision. We look forward
                        position, and nurturing a culture of            objectives. To ensure transparency and            to sharing our continued progress
                        excellence and performance within               accountability, we have implemented               with you and achieving new
                        our workforce.                                  robust project management protocols               milestones together.
                                                                        to monitor and track our progress
                                                                        internally, progress that will also be
                                                                        shared with shareholders along the way.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                          Cheryl Maley
                                                                                                                          Chief Executive Officer




                        Starpharma’s Validated DEP® Platform
                        Advantageous flexible, scalable technology for precision targeted medicine

                         Clinically validated                           Flexibility with drug and linker                            Ability to modify
                         DEP® dendrimer technology                      • Flexibility with the number of payload                    Linker/Chelator and
                         • More than 350 patients have been               molecules and types, such as cytotoxic or                 pharmacokinetics
                           treated with the DEP® dendrimer                radioisotope, to precisely match the clinical
                                                                                                                                    • Payload release rate and
                           technology.                                    need and therapy characteristics.
                                                                                                                                      plasma half-life are tuneable,
                         • DEP® dendrimers are easily                   • Linkers tether the payload to the dendrimer                 allowing management of
                           scalable, precisely manufactured,              scaffold and can be designed to release the                 both the rate and site of
                           and Good Manufacturing Practice                payload under certain conditions (e.g., low pH,             drug/payload release.
                           (GMP) certified.                               in the presence of certain enzymes). A variety
                                                                                                                                    • Dendrimer size and charge
                                                                          of different linkers can be used depending
                                                                                                                                      can be adjusted to control
                                                                          upon where the drug needs to be delivered.
                                                                                                                                      clearance, which can
                                                                        • Option to use targeting moieties to develop                 determine the therapeutic
                                                                          targeted therapy approaches.                                clearance route based on
                                                                                                                                      the treatment approach or
                                                                                                                                      disease, for instance, via
                                                                                                                                      the kidney, liver, or spleen.




                                                                                                                          PEG provides stealth,
                                                                                                                          control clearance, and solubility
                                                                                                                          • Easier manufacturing and handling
                         Option to use targeting moieties to                                                                of drugs, minimising unwanted drug
                         develop targeted therapy approaches                                                                clearance from the body.

                         • Flexible choice of targeting moiety
                           (e.g., antibody, antibody mimetics, peptide,
                           small molecule) provides options for                   Dendrimers are highly branched, tree-like
                           targeting and can be customised to
                           specific therapeutic needs.                            macromolecules with a well-defined, 3D
                         • Polyvalency, the ability to have multiple              structure. DEP® dendrimers are constructed
                           targeting molecules, which can maximise
                           both the affinity and avidity of the targeting         in concentric layers of lysine monomers
                           molecule with the receptor target.                     (generations).

                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                         5                                                     Annual Report 2024
                        Key Focus Area 1: Maximise DEP® Asset Value


                        Starpharma’s dendrimer-enhanced                  Starpharma continues                         in the liver. As a result, DEP® SN38
                        product (DEP®) drug delivery platform                                                         achieves greater tumour targeting of
                        enhances the therapeutic utility of
                                                                         to lead dendrimer drug                       SN38 while significantly reducing
                        pharmaceutical drugs by improving                delivery innovation                          severe gastrointestinal side effects.
                        solubility, efficacy, and control over                                                        DEP® SN38 represents a promising new
                        how the drug is delivered in the body.
                                                                         with its DEP® platform,                      drug candidate for companies looking
                        This can help reduce specific drug-              driving advancements                         to develop a treatment for platinum-
                                                                                                                      resistant ovarian cancer and/or
                        related toxicities. The DEP® platform            in oncology treatments                       advanced colorectal cancer, which
                        has shown benefits for a wide range of
                        drug classes, including small molecule           through enhanced                             are both areas of unmet clinical need.
                        drugs, peptides, and proteins. It can            efficacy, safety, and                        In FY24, Starpharma reported the results
                        also be used in the development of
                        DEP® radiopharmaceuticals and
                                                                         targeted delivery                            from the Phase II trial of DEP® SN38,
                                                                                                                      with promising data generated in
                        DEP® ADCs. The dendrimer technology              mechanisms.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      advanced colorectal cancer and
                        offers strategic advantages for
                                                                                                                      platinum-resistant ovarian cancer
                        companies seeking to extend patents
                                                                         Clinically Validated                         indications. DEP® SN38 showed
                        on key drugs or enhance the
                        effectiveness and safety profiles                Technology                                   clinically meaningful improvements in
                                                                                                                      efficacy, as measured by progression-
                        of developmental therapies.                      DEP® SN38 (DEP® irinotecan)                  free survival and objective responses
                        In FY24, Starpharma achieved
                                                                         Phase II Clinical Program Results            when compared to published data on
                        significant milestones by completing             DEP® SN38 is a patented nanoparticle         standard-of-care treatment options.
                        three Phase II clinical studies utilising        formulation of SN38, which is the active     DEP® SN38 was confirmed to be very
                        the DEP® platform. These studies                 metabolite of the anticancer drug            well tolerated and demonstrated a
                        demonstrated promising efficacy                  irinotecan. SN38 is approximately 1000       consistently improved tolerability
                        against tumours and excellent tolerability.      times more active than its pro-drug,         profile in patients with advanced
                        Treatment with these products also               irinotecan, but cannot be delivered          disease. There was a notable lack of
                        extended many patients’ lives across             directly due to toxicity and insolubility.   severe gastrointestinal adverse events
                        the clinical trials. These clinical results      Instead, irinotecan must be converted        and no instances of cholinergic
                        were presented at prestigious                    to SN38 in the liver, leading to             syndrome, which are both commonly
                        international oncology conferences               significant patient to patient variability   associated with standard irinotecan.
                        like ASCO. Starpharma’s current focus            in efficacy, and the generation of toxic     The lack of severe gastrointestinal
                        centres on optimising the value of its           metabolites that cause significant gut       toxicity, which is a common issue with
                        DEP® clinical assets through strategic           issues, including severe diarrhoea,          irinotecan treatment, is a notable
                        licensing deals, particularly for the            nausea and vomiting.                         feature of Starpharma’s product,
                        priority products DEP® SN38 and                                                               according to clinical trial investigators.
                        DEP® cabazitaxel.                                DEP® SN38 achieves solubilisation            They have been very encouraged
                                                                         and allows for direct delivery of SN38,      by the product’s ability to provide
                                                                         avoiding the need for metabolic              long-term treatment without the
                                                                         conversion of irinotecan to SN38             taxing side effects.



                        DEP® Pipeline and Next Steps
                                                            Target
                         Product                                                Research      Preclinical   Phase I    Phase II      Strategy
                                                            indication

                                                            Ovarian and                                                              License/co-develop –
                         DEP® SN38                                              Phase II results reported
                                                            colorectal                                                               ovarian, colorectal

                                                            Prostate and                                                             License – prostate,
                         DEP® cabazitaxel                                       Phase II results reported
                                                            ovarian                                                                  ovarian

                                                                                                                                     Optimise and accelerate
                         DEP® HER2 radiodiagnostic          Diagnostic
                                                                                                                                     to preclinical


                         DEP® HER2 radiotherapeutic         Solid cancers                                                            Advance to clinical


                         DEP® HER2 ADC                      Solid cancers                                                            Advance to preclinical


                                                            Pancreatic and
                         DEP® docetaxel                                         Phase II results reported                            Lower priority
                                                            other cancers



                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                          6                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Furthermore, several patients who have     “The full DEP® irinotecan/DEP® SN38 trial results are very exciting. DEP® SN38 in
                        had prolonged responses to therapy          heavily pre-treated, advanced cancer patients demonstrated highly encouraging
                        and are experiencing ongoing clinical       efficacy results in a range of tumour types. These responses include significant
                        benefit continue to receive access to       and sustained tumour shrinkage and disease control in patients with irinotecan-
                        DEP® SN38 treatment and will be             pre-treated colorectal cancer and platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.
                        monitored for safety and any change
                                                                   Furthermore, DEP® SN38 exhibits excellent tolerability, with a distinct lack of severe
                        to their disease.
                                                                   gastrointestinal toxicity that is a common and problematic feature of standard
                        These positive efficacy and tolerability   irinotecan treatment. Such treatment tolerability, combined with sustained disease
                        results support the promising clinical     control, has meant that many of our patients, including those who are quite young
                        utility and potential commercial           with advanced colorectal cancer, have been able to receive long-term treatment
                        opportunities for DEP® SN38 in the         and continue to work and engage socially with their peers, which is very important
                        treatment of advanced colorectal           for their quality of life.”
                        cancer and platinum-resistant ovarian




For personal use only
                        cancer. Starpharma is prioritising the     Dr Jia (Jenny) Liu MD PhD FRACP, Medical Oncologist and Principal Investigator
                        licensing of DEP® SN38 because of          at the Kinghorn Cancer Centre, St Vincent’s Hospital in Sydney.
                        its potential to address significant
                        unmet needs in advanced colorectal
                                                                   Starpharma’s aqueous DEP® cabazitaxel         In FY24, Starpharma announced the
                        and platinum-resistant ovarian
                                                                   formulation offers advantages over            final results from the Phase II trial of
                        cancers, as current treatments
                                                                   generic cabazitaxel formulations              DEP® cabazitaxel. The trial showed
                        have reported limited efficacy
                                                                   containing polysorbate 80. Aqueous            positive anti-tumour efficacy in mCRPC
                        and high toxicity profiles.
                                                                   formulations are generally better             and other challenging cancers, including
                                                                   tolerated by patients with a reduced          platinum-resistant ovarian and gastro
                        DEP® cabazitaxel Phase II
                                                                   risk of allergic reactions. Poorly soluble    -esophageal cancers. The efficacy
                        Clinical Program Results                                                                 results, measured by progression-free
                                                                   drugs can cause hypersensitivity
                        DEP® cabazitaxel is a dendrimer-           reactions in some patients, ranging from      survival and disease control, were
                        enhanced version of the drug cabazitaxel   mild skin irritation to severe anaphylactic   clinically meaningful as all patients had
                        (Jevtana®), widely used for treating       responses. The improved tolerability          late-stage, hard-to-treat cancers and
                        metastatic castrate-resistant prostate     can lead to a smoother treatment              had failed multiple therapies prior to
                        cancer (mCRPC). Unlike standard            experience for patients, better               entering Starpharma’s trial.
                        cabazitaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel is highly    adherence to therapy and, from a
                                                                   physician’s perspective, the drugs can        Continues next page
                        water soluble and does not contain
                        toxic excipients, such as the detergent    be administered more easily and reduce
                        polysorbate 80, eliminating the need       preparation time. These benefits align
                        for patients to be treated with steroids   with Starpharma’s mission of improving
                        before chemotherapy.                       patient outcomes and quality of life
                                                                   during treatment.




                        Promising DEP® SN38 and                    The final clinical data from the DEP®         cancer treatments and the latest
                                                                   SN38 and DEP® cabazitaxel Phase I/II          advancements in cancer care and
                        DEP® cabazitaxel Clinical
                                                                   clinical trials were showcased at the         technologies. These oral presentations
                        Results Showcased at the                   2024 ASCO Annual Meeting through              provided Starpharma with a notable
                        2024 ASCO Annual Meeting                   oral podium presentations delivered           opportunity to showcase its
                                                                   by clinical investigators. This milestone     innovations on an international
                                                                   marks a significant achievement for           stage, emphasising the value
                                                                   Starpharma, underscoring the clinical         of the DEP® technology.
                                                                   relevance of the data and the promising
                                                                   potential of DEP® SN38 and DEP®               Each year, ASCO receives tens of
                                                                   cabazitaxel in patient care. Furthermore,     thousands of abstract submissions,
                                                                   the acceptance of two oral abstracts          with only a tiny fraction accepted for
                                                                   at ASCO reflects the clinical interest        presentation as posters or oral talks.
                                                                   in Starpharma’s DEP® technology               This year, approximately 4% of
                                                                   platform.                                     accepted abstracts received the
                                                                                                                 distinction of an oral presentation.
                                                                   ASCO is a premier global conference
                                                                   for oncology professionals, offering
                                                                   a vital platform for presenting new




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     7                                               Annual Report 2024
                         Key Focus Area 1: Maximise DEP® Asset Value continued




For personal use only
                        “In our cancer early phase trials unit at Guy’s Hospital, we conduct many studies of novel oncology therapeutics. The results
                          with DEP® cabazitaxel clearly demonstrate promising and durable anti-cancer activity in very hard-to-treat cancer patients,
                          not only in prostate cancer patients but also in platinum-resistant ovarian cancer and advanced gastro-oesophageal cancers.
                          These advanced patients have few treatment options and we have had many patients who benefited from DEP® cabazitaxel
                          therapy. It was also pleasing to see the limited impact on bone marrow function of this agent given these advanced patients
                          are often at risk of complications of chemotherapy-induced bone marrow toxicity, especially low neutrophil counts.”


                         Professor James Spicer, FRCP, MBBS, PhD, Professor of Experimental Cancer Medicine at King’s College London
                         and Consultant in Medical Oncology and the Principal Investigator for the trial at Guy’s Hospital in London.


                         Importantly, DEP® cabazitaxel was also                                                  advanced metastatic cancers,
                                                                     DEP® docetaxel Phase II Clinical
                         well tolerated, with almost 90% of the                                                  including pancreatic, lung, and gastro-
                                                                     Program Results                             oesophageal. The DEP® docetaxel clinical
                         treatment-related adverse events (AEs)
                         being mild or moderate, and very few        DEP® docetaxel is a dendrimer               program also confirmed the product’s
                         severe AEs. Patients did not require        nanoparticle formulation of the             improved tolerability versus conventional
                         routine pretreatment with steroids, and     chemotherapy drug docetaxel                 docetaxel in terms of key and sometimes
                         no severe hypersensitivity reactions or     (Taxotere®). Conventional docetaxel is      dose-limiting adverse events.
                         anaphylaxis were observed following         used to treat breast, lung, and prostate
                         treatment with DEP® cabazitaxel.            cancers despite severe side effects such    The company remains open to
                         The trial underscored DEP® cabazitaxel’s    as neutropenia and hypersensitivity         proposals from parties interested
                         favourable safety and tolerability,         reactions. In contrast, DEP® docetaxel is   in further developing this candidate.
                         positioning it as a promising candidate     an aqueous detergent-free formulation,      DEP® docetaxel represents an
                         for further clinical development            minimising these adverse events and         important part of Starpharma’s
                         and licensing.                              removing the need for pre-medication        mission to improve cancer therapy
                                                                     with steroids.                              delivery using its advanced dendrimer
                                                                                                                 technology.
                                                                     In FY24, Starpharma reported Phase II
                                                                     results for DEP® docetaxel. The trial
                                                                     met its objectives, demonstrating
                                                                     anti-tumour activity across multiple




                         Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    8                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Key Focus Area 2: Accelerate Early Asset Development


                        Starpharma’s core value proposition                  Starpharma’s strategic                                     Advancing DEP®
                        lies in its ability to effectively utilise                                                                      Radiopharmaceuticals Program
                        dendrimer technology in a wide range
                                                                             partnerships and
                                                                                                                                        Starpharma is advancing its DEP®
                        of applications, particularly in cancer              collaborations provide                                     radiopharmaceutical candidates, a
                        treatment and diagnosis. The company
                         is dedicated to expanding its portfolio
                                                                             value in advancing                                         DEP® HER2-radiodiagnostic and a
                                                                             its innovative pipeline                                    DEP® HER2-radiotherapeutic. In May
                        of early-stage assets and improving
                                                                                                                                        2024, Starpharma announced plans to
                        the efficiency of its developmental                  and expanding                                              initiate a first-in-human clinical study for
                        programs. Our future success hinges
                        on the swift advancement of early-                   the therapeutic                                            its DEP® HER2-radiodiagnostic within
                                                                                                                                        the next 12 months, following promising
                        stage assets through in-house                        reach of its DEP®                                          preclinical results. These initiatives
                        efforts and partnerships.
                                                                             technology platform.                                       underscore Starpharma’s commitment
                        In May 2024, Starpharma committed                                                                               to innovation and advancing




For personal use only
                        to intensifying its efforts to develop                                                                          therapeutic options in oncology.
                                                                             collaborations, co-development
                        saleable assets and secure collaborations            opportunities, licence agreements,                         HER2 is a validated and important
                        and licensing deals. Since then,                     and technology access.                                     marker in many cancers, such as breast
                        Starpharma has introduced a number of
                                                                                                                                        and gastric cancers. Our aim is to create
                        initiatives to improve internal processes            To advance these goals, Starpharma                         a HER2-targeted radiodiagnostic that
                        and efficiencies and accelerate our                  places particular emphasis on                              enables the real-time and whole-body
                        research programs. We have also                      progressing existing partnerships                          evaluation of HER2 status of patients’
                        expanded our business development                    and seeking new partnerships.                              cancer. The radiodiagnostic could help
                        team to support the generation of
                                                                                                                                        improve the diagnosis, staging and
                        new collaboration opportunities.                     In parallel, Starpharma continues to
                                                                                                                                        management of disease, enabling
                                                                             advance its in-house preclinical program
                        Partnerships are integral to Starpharma’s                                                                       clinicians to monitor responses to
                                                                             for DEP® ADCs, focusing on optimising
                        business strategy, enabling the                                                                                 therapy, guide treatment options, and
                                                                             candidates and conducting further
                        widespread application of its dendrimer                                                                         assess metastatic spread of disease.
                                                                             preclinical studies to demonstrate the
                        technology across diverse therapeutic                                                                           We also aim to develop a HER2 targeted
                                                                             DEP® platform’s advantages in this
                        areas and targets. Starpharma is seeking                                                                        radiotherapeutic that improves the
                                                                             high-value therapeutic area.
                        partnerships that encompass R&D                                                                                 treatment of HER2 positive cancers.




                         DEP® HER2 radiodiagnostic vs Trastuzumab:
                         PET/CT Imaging Performance
                                                                                                                               PEG




                        Trastuzumab-89Zr           DEP® HER2            Trastuzumab-89Zr           DEP® HER2                   Radioisotope
                                                                                                                                                       DEP® dendrimer
                                                   radiodiagnostic                                 radiodiagnostic                     HER-2 targeted Nanobody




                                                                                                                       15
                                                                                                                                     → DEP® HER2 radiodiagnostic achieved
                                                                                                                                        excellent imaging contrast between
                        Heart                                Heart       Heart                                 Heart                    tumour and normal tissue, similar to
                                                                                                                                        Trastuzumab.
                                                              Liver                                            Liver
                                                                                                                       %ID/g
                                                                                                                                     → Higher levels of activity are observed
                                           Tumour                                            Tumour
                                                                                                                                       in heart for Trastuzumab at Day 2 and
                                                            Tumour                                           Tumour                    Day 4, consistent with ex vivo blood
                                                                                                                       0               activity data.

                                                                                                                                     → DEP® HER2 radiodiagnostic
                                           Day 2                                           Day 4
                                                                                                                                        shows uptake in liver, consistent
                                                                                                                                        with macrophage-related clearance
                        Maximum intensity projection (MIP) PET-CT images of BT474 HER2+ tumour-bearing                                  described for nanoparticles in
                        mice dosed with either DEP® HER2-89Zr or Trastuzumab-89Zr                                                       size range.

                        Radio-conjugates administered at t=0
                        Representative mice shown at Day 2 (left side) or Day 4 (right side) after injection
                        Scale bar (% ID/g) is shown to the right


                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                                   9                                                                 Annual Report 2024
                        Key Focus Area 2: Accelerate Early Asset Development continued


                        During the year, the DEP® platform’s               Meeting in June 2024, the Targeted               Ongoing Collaborations
                        adaptability in delivering targeted                Radiopharmaceuticals Summit in Berlin            and Initiatives
                        radiopharmaceuticals was showcased                 in December 2023, and the AACR-NCI-
                        at prestigious conferences, including              EORTC Conference in October 2023,                Throughout the year, Starpharma
                        the Society of Nuclear Medicine and                emphasising its potential to advance             has continued its collaborations with
                        Molecular Imaging (SNMMI) Annual                   cancer imaging and treatment.                    Genentech and MSD. The details of the
                                                                                                                            research remain confidential due to
                                                                                                                            the sensitive nature of their projects.
                                                                                                                            In these partnerships, Starpharma
                                                                                                                            provides dendrimer chemistry expertise
                                                                                                                            and develops functionalised dendrimers
                                                                                                                            for its partners to test.

                                                                                                                            In July 2023, AstraZeneca discontinued




For personal use only
                                                                                                                            the development of AZD0466.
                                                                                                                            While Starpharma had hoped for a
                                                                                                                            different outcome, it is important to
                                                                                                                            recognise that the AZD0466 program
                                                                                                                            brought several important benefits
                                                                                                                            to Starpharma’s DEP® platform
                                                                                                                            technology. These benefits include
                                                                                                                            demonstrating the ability of DEP® to
                                                                                                                            expand the therapeutic index of a highly
                        Pictured (left to right): Dr Jeremy Paull, VP of Development & Regulatory Affairs, Justin Cahill,   toxic drug, presenting multiple posters,
                        CFO and Company Secretary, Cheryl Maley, CEO, Shyam Masrani, Principal at Medicxi and Chair         presentations, and publications at
                        of Petalion, Dr Mehdi Shahidi, CEO of Petalion, and Dr Tony Eglezos, VP of Business Development.    major global conferences, generating
                                                                                                                            intellectual property with applications
                                                                                                                            outside of the program, and receiving
                                                                                                                            approximately A$11 million in milestone
                                                                                                                            payments. These achievements
                        Partnership with Medicxi:                        Head of Medicine at Boehringer
                                                                                                                            enhanced the profile of Starpharma’s
                                                                         Ingelheim. Additionally, David
                        Petalion Therapeutics                                                                               DEP® platform and facilitated the
                                                                         McIntyre, Starpharma’s non-
                        In April 2024, Starpharma announced                                                                 development of new partnerships
                                                                         executive director, assumes a
                        a strategic partnership with Medicxi,                                                               with other companies.
                                                                         directorship role at Petalion,
                        a prominent healthcare and life                  ensuring Starpharma’s interests                    In July 2023, Starpharma partnered
                        sciences investment firm, to                     are represented.                                   with the University of Queensland’s
                        establish Petalion Therapeutics.
                                                                                                                            Hub for Advanced Manufacture of
                        This partnership is dedicated to                 Medicxi’s deep expertise in asset-
                                                                                                                            Targeted Radiopharmaceuticals
                        advancing a novel cancer therapy                 centric investments, coupled with
                                                                                                                            (AMTAR Hub) to bolster research and
                        leveraging Starpharma’s DEP®                     their highly experienced team,
                                                                                                                            development efforts for targeted
                        dendrimer platform technology.                   positions them as an ideal partner
                                                                                                                            DEP® radiopharmaceuticals.
                                                                         for Starpharma. Since signing the
                        Medicxi has committed an initial                 agreement, the teams from                          In July 2024, Starpharma announced
                        investment of up to USD $25 million              Starpharma and Medicxi have                        that it will collaborate with The
                        to fund Petalion’s development                   collaborated closely to advance                    University of Technology Sydney
                        efforts. Starpharma will license                 various project aspects. One                       (UTS) and CSIRO on the research and
                        specific background intellectual                 significant benefit of this partnership            development of an mRNA vaccine
                        property (IP) essential for research,            for Starpharma is its capacity for                 for antimicrobial-resistant (AMR)
                        development, manufacturing, and                  expedited, agile and flexible                      urinary tract infections (UTIs). As
                        commercialisation to Petalion,                   operations while accelerating                      part of the program, Starpharma’s
                        securing a 22.5% stake in the venture.           learning and demonstrating                         DEP® dendrimer technology will be
                                                                         R&D progress.                                      investigated for its ability to improve
                        Dr Mehdi Shahidi, a seasoned
                        pharmaceutical executive and                                                                        the formulation and performance of
                                                                         In June 2024, Starpharma was
                        clinical oncologist with extensive                                                                  the nanoparticle-based mRNA vaccine
                                                                         delighted to host Dr Mehdi Shahidi
                        experience in drug development,                                                                     candidates being developed by UTS
                                                                         and Shyam Masrani, Principal at
                        has been appointed as CEO of                                                                        and CSIRO.
                                                                         Medicxi and Board Chair of Petalion,
                        Petalion. Dr Shahidi’s leadership will           at its office in Melbourne (pictured
                        guide Petalion’s strategic direction,            above). It was fantastic to connect
                        leveraging his background as                     and introduce them to the wider
                        Corporate Senior Vice President,                 Starpharma team, and to discuss
                        Chief Medical Officer, and Global                the Petalion project.



                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                              10                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Key Focus Area 3: Build Long-Term Sustainability


                        Starpharma is dedicated to achieving       During FY24, Starpharma initiated            Starpharma is actively
                        long-term self-sustainability by           measures expected to reduce fixed
                        bolstering revenues, continually           costs by approximately $2 million by
                                                                                                                pursuing a path to
                        strengthening our intellectual property    the end of FY25, alongside identifying       financial sustainability
                        position, always striving for a high-      further potential savings. The company
                        performance culture, and effectively       anticipates further strides in financial
                                                                                                                while advancing patient
                        managing costs. Our current focus          sustainability, having strengthened          care and fostering a
                        includes increasing revenue, enhancing     our business development and digital         responsible, impactful
                        efficiency, and reducing costs, all of     marketing capabilities.
                        which align with our long-term goal                                                     presence in our industry.
                        of sustainability.




For personal use only
                        Commercialised Over the Counter (OTC) Products

                                                                   After ending the agreement with              sectors positions us well for a planned
                                                                   Mundipharma in August 2023 for a             FY25 launch following the transfer of
                                                                   one-time payment of A$6.6 million and        marketing rights from Mundipharma.
                                                                   regaining territorial rights, Starpharma
                                                                   has actively sought a new partner for        In February 2024, Starpharma
                                                                   these regions to expand the global           concluded a formal dispute resolution
                                                                   distribution of VivaGel® BV. We              with the FDA regarding VivaGel®
                        VivaGel® BV                                are currently engaged in business            BV’s regulatory pathway in the US.
                        VivaGel® BV is a novel, non-antibiotic     development activities to achieve this       While the FDA upheld its requirement
                        gel developed by Starpharma for the        goal in line with our broader strategic      for additional clinical efficacy data,
                        treatment of bacterial vaginosis (BV)      objectives.                                  Starpharma has opted not to proceed
                        and the prevention of recurrent BV                                                      with further independent studies at this
                        and its symptoms. BV is a common           In January 2024, Starpharma formed a         time. Instead, we remain committed
                        condition affecting an estimated one       partnership with ITROM Pharmaceutical        to maximising commercial potential
                        in three women globally. VivaGel® BV       Group to market VivaGel® BV across 13        in over 40 approved markets.
                        is registered in over 40 countries and     countries in the Middle East and North       Consequently, we mutually agreed
                        is currently distributed by Aspen in       Africa. ITROM’s extensive network            with EDW Pharma, formerly ITF Pharma,
                        Australia and New Zealand.                 in both public and private health            to exit the US license agreement
                                                                                                                signed in 2018.




                                                                   Starpharma conducted a post-market           Starpharma has recently implemented
                                                                   clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in COVID-        several initiatives to support this goal,
                                                                   19-positive patients. In January 2024,       including undertaking a comprehensive
                                                                   Starpharma reported results from this        analysis of target users, launching
                                                                   study, demonstrating the effectiveness       targeted digital marketing campaigns,
                                                                   of VIRALEZE™ in reducing SARS-CoV-2          and enhancing the brand’s online
                                                                   viral load, accelerating virus clearance     presence. These initiatives are ongoing
                                                                   from the nasal passage, and improving        and aim to optimise the customer
                                                                   key COVID-19 symptoms, with statistical      experience and drive revenue growth.
                        VIRALEZE™ Nasal Spray
                                                                   significance in the 45+ age group.
                        VIRALEZE™ is a broad-spectrum              These findings will support compliance       Throughout the year, Starpharma
                        topical antiviral nasal spray developed    with the new European Medical Device         continued progressing the application
                        by Starpharma to provide added             Regulations (MDR) that will take effect in   for marketing authorisation in Australia,
                        protection against colds and               2029, as well as Starpharma’s ongoing        submitting clinical data from the
                        respiratory viruses in the nasal cavity.   marketing efforts.                           post-market study to support the
                        Viral infections commonly affect                                                        submission. VIRALEZE™ is not approved
                        the upper respiratory tract and            Sales through Starpharma’s online            for use or supply in Australia, and
                        can potentially lead to more serious       channels in the UK and EU increased in       Starpharma awaits a decision by the
                        infections or diseases. VIRALEZE™          FY24. As part of Starpharma’s strategic      Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA).
                        is registered in over 35 countries         review in May 2024, the company
                        and is primarily sold online, with         identified increasing revenue from
                        local distribution in a number of          the online sales of VIRALEZE™
                        countries in Asia.                         as a key objective for FY25.


                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    11                                               Annual Report 2024
For personal use only
                        Strong Intellectual                       3-Year Financial Summary
                        Property Position                                                                                 FY24        FY23         FY22
                        Starpharma has a strong intellectual                                                                $M          $M           $M
                        property position with 19 active patent   Total revenue and other income                            9.8          4.3         5.2
                        families, over 150 granted patents,
                        and more than 40 patent applications      Expenditure, including the cost of goods sold            (17.9)      (19.9)      (21.4)
                        pending. The company is committed         Loss for the period                                       (8.2)      (15.6)      (16.2)
                        to protecting its existing background
                        IP for DEP® and generating new IP         Net operating cash outflows                               (7.0)      (14.3)      (13.2)
                        in novel areas.                           Net investing and financing cash inflows (outflows)      (4.8)        (0.5)        2.4
                                                                  Cash and cash equivalents at end-of-year                 23.4        35.2        49.9
                        ESG Commitments
                        Starpharma remains steadfast in its
                        commitment to ethical conduct,            Starpharma concluded FY24 with a            The net operating cash outflows for
                        sustainability, and innovation within     cash balance of $23.4 million as at         the year were $7.0 million, which was
                        the biopharmaceutical sector.             30 June 2024. The Company’s revenue         lower than the previous year, with the
                        Our annual ESG report underscores         was $9.8 million, which included            $6.6 million Mundipharma settlement
                        our dedication to environmental           $6.6 million from the commercial            received in August 2023. Investing and
                        impact, workplace values, product         settlement and exit of the VivaGel®         financing cash outflows included the
                        safety, and governance principles.        BV license and supply agreement             repayment of the $4.0 million Invest
                        Achieving Great Place to Work®            with Mundipharma, as well as product        Victoria R&D cash flow, following the
                        certification for the second              sales, royalties, and research revenue      $7.2 million FY23 R&D Tax Incentive
                        consecutive year underscores              from commercial partners.                   refund received in October 2023.
                        our positive workplace culture
                        and commitment to diversity and           The FY24 loss after tax was                 Starpharma anticipates an additional
                        inclusivity. Read the full 2024 ESG       $8.2 million, and the company is            approximately $5.0 million R&D Tax
                        Report on our website.                    pleased to note a consistent downward       Incentive refund for FY24 in the first half
                                                                  trend. Expenditure included investment      of FY25.
                                                                  in research and development (R&D)
                                                                  for the DEP® clinical assets, DEP®
                                                                  radiopharmaceuticals, and DEP®
                                                                  ADCs, and the post-market clinical
                                                                  study of VIRALEZE™.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                  12                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Outlook


                        As Starpharma continues to prioritise its   priority candidates for licensing. Early      At its core, Starpharma is striving to
                        three strategic imperatives, which are      asset development is crucial to our           enhance shareholder value through
                        aimed at driving shareholder value, the     future success, and we are prioritising the   a renewed focus and emphasis on
                        company has defined clear milestones        development of new targets in-house.          delivering tangible outcomes for
                        it aims to achieve in the short and         We see research collaborations as             shareholders. We are confident that
                        medium term. These milestones are           important to our company’s growth and         reaching these goals has the potential
                        weighted within the context of each         are focusing on business development          to generate significant impacts
                        strategic imperative, and our resources     in novel diagnostic and therapeutic           for patients and substantial returns
                        are aligned with these weightings to        areas concurrently. Increasing revenue        for shareholders, and we are fully
                        ensure effective execution and delivery.    from the sale of VIRALEZE™ and                committed to achieving them.
                                                                    VivaGel® BV is also a key focus for
                        As outlined in this Annual Report,          the company, and we have already
                        Starpharma’s top priority is to license     implemented a series of measures
                        a DEP® asset, with DEP® SN38 (DEP®          designed to achieve this during FY25.




For personal use only
                        irinotecan) and DEP® cabazitaxel as our


                        Strategic Priorities




                             01                                          02                                           03
                             Maximise DEP®                               Accelerate early                             Build long-term
                             asset value                                 asset development                            sustainability

                             Prioritising DEP® SN38                      Advancing DEP®                               Increasing revenue,
                             and DEP® cabazitaxel                        radiopharmaceuticals                         strengthening IP position
                                                                         and partnerships                             and fostering a high-
                                                                                                                      performance culture




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     13                                              Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report


                        The directors are pleased to present this report on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter as the “group”, “company”,
                        or “Starpharma”) consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (the “Parent Entity”) and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during,
                        the year ended 30 June 2024.


                        Directors
                        The following persons were directors of Starpharma Holdings Limited at the date of this report and during the whole of the
                        financial year:

                        R B Thomas, AO (Chairman)
                        L Cheng
                        D J McIntyre
                        J R Davies




For personal use only
                        R Basser
                        J K Fairley (retired as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024)
                        C Maley (appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024)


                        Information on Directors
                        Robert B Thomas AO
                        BEc, MSAA, SF Fin, FAICD, FRSN
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 4 December 2013) and Chairman from 13 June 2014
                        Experience:                    Mr Thomas has a strong background in financial services and capital markets and is a non-executive
                                                       director of several Australian listed companies. He was previously a Partner of Potter Partners
                                                       (now UBS), where he was also Head of Research.
                                                       Mr Thomas is the former Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of County NatWest Securities and then
                                                       became CEO and then Chairman of Citibank Corporate and Investment Bank in Australia. Mr Thomas
                                                       has also held the position of Chairman at Australian Wealth Management Ltd (ultimately IOOF Ltd),
                                                       TAL (Australia’s largest life insurance company) and HeartWare® International Inc, the second
                                                       largest global manufacturer of left ventricular assist heart pumps. Mr Thomas is currently a
                                                       non-executive director of ASX-listed Biotron Limited and Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited.
                                                       Mr Thomas is also Chair of AusBio Ltd, Grahger Investments, Chair of the State Library of NSW
                                                       Foundation and a director of O’Connell Street Associates.
                                                       For many years Mr Thomas was regarded as one of Australia’s leading financial analysts and
                                                       regularly lectured with Financial Services Institute of Australia (FINSIA). He has considerable
                                                       expertise in Mergers & Acquisition (M&A) and capital markets including advising on the floats of
                                                       Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Qantas, and vast experience in Audit and Risk Management.
                                                       Mr Thomas is also approved under the NSW prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk Committee
                                                       Independent Chairs and Members for government/public sector agencies and has previously
                                                       served as the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee of Virgin Australia Limited (for 11 years),
                                                       HeartWare® International Inc, REVA Medical Limited and the State Library of NSW.
                                                       Mr Thomas holds a Bachelor of Economics from Monash University, a Diploma of Business
                                                       (Accounting) from Swinburne and is a fellow of FINSIA. Mr Thomas is also a Master Stockbroker,
                                                       a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a Fellow of the Royal Society of
                                                       New South Wales.

                        Committee membership:          Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                                                       Member of Audit and Risk Committee.

                        Other current directorships Biotron Limited and Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited.
                        of ASX listed entities:




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        14                                                 Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                               Directors’

                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                               Report
                        Directorships of other        None.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        last three years:

                        Specific skills and           In addition to Mr Thomas’ significant finance and M&A/capital markets experience, Mr Thomas’



                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                        experience areas              non-executive roles with various ASX listed companies have deepened his skills and experience in
                                                      relation to accounting/corporate finance; audit and risk; governance; licensing and commercialisation
                                                      of innovation; strategy and risk management; occupational health & safety (“OH&S”); and
                                                      remuneration. He has also had significant experience with US-based companies as they progress


                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                                                      from research to commercialisation.

                        Interests in Starpharma       1,900,000 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:




For personal use only
                        Cheryl Maley

                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                        BSc, DipEd, MBA, GAICD
                        Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (appointed 8 January 2024)


                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                        Experience:                   Cheryl has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including 20 years in
                                                      leadership roles at well-known and leading organisations, including Novartis and AbbVie.
                                                      Her previous roles include nine years at Novartis in senior commercial and executive roles
                                                      and various sales and marketing positions with AbbVie/Abbott, Servier Laboratories,
                                                      and Wyeth Pharmaceuticals.



                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                                                      Cheryl has extensive experience leading pharmaceutical innovation, marketing strategies,
                                                      and business growth across Australia, Asia, and international markets. She has a strong
                                                      commercial background and a proven record of successful product launches and patient



                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                                      access and reimbursement to innovative medicines.
                                                      During her nine-year career at Novartis, Cheryl held senior leadership positions, responsible for
                                                      new products, commercialisation, strategy, and reimbursement matters. She also held General
                                                      Management roles in both the Philippines and Australia.
                                                      Cheryl most recently served as the Acting CEO and Strategic Advisor at Biointelect, a firm
                                                      specialising in strategic planning and commercialisation for the biopharmaceutical and medical
                                                      device sector.                                                                                           Directors’

                        Committees:                   Attends Board Committee meetings by invitation.                                                          Declaration

                        Other current directorships None.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other        Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited.                                                                         Independent
                        ASX listed entities within

                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report
                                                      Medlab Clinical Limited.
                        the last three years:

                        Specific skills and           With more than 25 years of experience in senior leadership and executive positions for
                        experience areas:             pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, Cheryl has significant knowledge and leadership
                                                      skills in pharmaceutical innovation and development, product commercialisation, business
                                                      development, sales and marketing, strategy and risk management.                                          Shareholder

                        Interests in Starpharma       125,000 ordinary shares.                                                                                 Information
                        Holdings Limited:
                                                      2,278,428 employee performance rights.



                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                               Property Report




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      15                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Information on Directors continued

                        Jacinth (Jackie) K Fairley
                        BSc, BVSc (Hons), MBA, GAICD, FTSE
                        Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (appointed 1 July 2006 and retired on 8 January 2024)
                        Experience:                   Dr Jackie Fairley has more than 30 years of operational experience in the pharmaceutical and
                                                      biotechnology industries working in senior management roles with companies including CSL
                                                      Limited (CSL) and Faulding (now Pfizer). In those roles Dr Fairley had responsibilities which included
                                                      clinical, regulatory, business development, product development and general management.
                                                      At Faulding Dr Fairley was responsible for global product development, regulatory affairs and
                                                      business development for Faulding’s hospital business which operated in more than 60 countries.
                                                      Dr Fairley holds first class honours degrees in Science (pharmacology and pathology) and Veterinary




For personal use only
                                                      Science from Melbourne University and was a practicing veterinary surgeon prior to joining CSL.
                                                      Whilst at CSL Dr Fairley obtained a Master of Business Administration from the Melbourne Business
                                                      School, where she was the recipient of the prestigious Clemenger Medal. Dr Fairley is also a graduate
                                                      of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
                                                      Dr Fairley is a non-executive director of the listed investment company Mirrabooka Investments
                                                      Limited and a member of the Invest Victoria Advisory Board (IVAB) and Carnegie Venture Capital’s
                                                      investment Committee. Dr Fairley has previously served on the Melbourne Business School Board,
                                                      the Australian Federal Government’s Commonwealth Science Council and Pharmaceutical Industry
                                                      Working Group, and the Australian Federal Ministerial Biotechnology Advisory Council.

                        Committees:                   Attended Board Committee meetings by invitation.

                        Other current directorships Mirrabooka Investments Limited.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other        None.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:

                        Specific skills and           With more than 30 years’ experience in executive roles up to and including as CEO and executive
                        experience areas:             director of ASX listed and unlisted pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, Dr Fairley’s
                                                      experience covers all key areas described in the Board skills matrix. In particular, Dr Fairley has
                                                      significant leadership skills in healthcare and scientific research; pharmaceutical development;
                                                      international experience; licensing and commercialisation of innovation; business development;
                                                      strategy and risk management; and M&A/capital markets.

                        Interests in Starpharma       4,055,434 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:
                                                      6,432,648 employee performance rights.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      16                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                Report
                        David McIntyre
                        CPA, LL.B., MBA and B. Econs (Acc)



                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Independence
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 March 2020)
                        Experience:                   Mr McIntyre has more than 20 years of executive experience including 18 years in the life sciences
                                                      sector, having held various C-suite level roles at Tessa Therapeutics, Inc., AVITA Therapeutics, Inc.,


                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                                                      HeartWare® International, Inc., and Braeburn, Inc.
                                                      Mr McIntyre’s experience also includes seven years as a Partner at Apple Tree Partners, a multi-
                                                      billion-dollar life science venture capital and growth equity fund, giving him a deep knowledge of,
                                                      and extensive contacts in, the US pharma, medical device and biotech markets. During this time,
                                                      Mr McIntyre served as a non-executive director of several US life science companies.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                                                      Prior to entering life sciences, Mr McIntyre practiced as a senior attorney at Baker & McKenzie and
                                                      KPMG specialising in M&A, initial public offerings, and corporate law and also held various senior
                                                      finance roles in both multinational companies and small growth companies.


                                                                                                                                                                Statements
                                                      Mr McIntyre is based in the US and brings to the table an international lens on life science licensing
                                                      and commercialisation, marketing and business and development, and M&A/capital markets.
                                                      Mr McIntyre has significant experience in the areas of accounting/corporate finance, audit and
                                                      risk, strategy and risk management.
                                                      Mr McIntyre holds a Bachelor of Economics (Accounting) from the University of Sydney, Australia,



                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                                                      a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Technology, Sydney, and a Master of Business Administration
                                                      from Duke University Fuqua School of Business (Fuqua Scholar) from Durham, North Carolina, in the
                                                      US. Mr McIntyre is a Certified Practising Accountant and is also admitted as a legal practitioner of
                                                      the Supreme Court of New South Wales and of the High Court of Australia.


                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                      Mr McIntyre is Starpharma’s nominated director on the Board of Petalion Therapeutics Limited
                                                      (Petalion), which is an associate of the Group (see Note 24 of the Financial Statements).
                                                      Starpharma holds a 22.5% equity stake in Petalion, with the remaining equity owned by Medicxi,
                                                      a UK based venture capital fund. Mr McIntyre does not draw a separate fee from Starpharma or
                                                      Petalion for this Directorship.

                        Committee membership:         Chair of Audit and Risk Committee.                                                                        Directors’

                        Other current directorships None.                                                                                                       Declaration
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other        None.

                                                                                                                                                                Independent
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:


                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Report
                        Specific skills and           With more than 20 years of executive experience including 18 years in the life science sector,
                        experience areas:             Mr McIntyre’s experience covers all key areas described in the Board skills matrix. In particular,
                                                      Mr McIntyre has substantial expertise in accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk; M&A/
                                                      capital markets; governance; licensing and commercialisation of innovation; strategy and risk
                                                      management, having held executive roles including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating
                                                      Officer. He has also had significant experience with US based companies in the medical device,            Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                Information
                                                      biotechnology and pharmaceutical sector.

                        Interests in Starpharma       16,240 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:


                                                                                                                                                                Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      17                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Information on Directors continued

                        Lynda Cheng
                        B.Com, LLB (Hons), GAICD
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 August 2021)
                        Experience:                   Ms Cheng has a strong background in finance with more than 25 years of experience as a finance
                                                      executive including more than 15 years at Visy Industries/Pratt Holdings and 10 years in investment
                                                      banking. She has significant commercial and international corporate expertise including
                                                      experience in financial services, manufacturing, export finance, infrastructure, education as well as
                                                      market entry, growth and technology.
                                                      Ms Cheng is currently Director of Corporate Development and Mergers & Acquisitions at Visy
                                                      Industries/Pratt Holdings and has held various other roles in the group including CFO. Ms Cheng’s




For personal use only
                                                      earlier roles include as a lawyer at Blake Dawson, before moving into investment banking with J.P.
                                                      Morgan in its Melbourne, Sydney, San Francisco and New York offices.
                                                      Ms Cheng is currently an independent, non-executive member of the board of directors at JRJJ
                                                      Capital, the parent company of Merricks Capital, in an observer/advisory capacity. Ms Cheng
                                                      previously served as a non-executive director of Export Finance Australia, a member of the
                                                      Australian Government’s International Development Policy Expert Panel and Deputy Chair and
                                                      Chair of the Finance, Audit and Risk committee of South East Water.
                                                      Ms Cheng holds a Bachelor of Law (Honours) and Commerce degree, majoring in actuarial studies
                                                      and economics, from the University of Melbourne, and is a graduate member of the Australian
                                                      Institute of Company Directors.

                        Committee membership:         Member of Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                      Chair of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

                        Other current directorships None.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other        None.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:

                        Specific skills and           With over 25 years’ experience as a finance executive, including substantial international
                        experience areas:             experience and several non-executive directorships, Ms Cheng’s experience covers the majority
                                                      of key areas described in Starpharma’s Board skills matrix. In particular, she has substantial
                                                      expertise in accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk; M&A/capital markets; strategy and risk
                                                      management; governance; as well as business development. Ms Cheng has had involvement in
                                                      the commercialisation of new innovations during her tenure at South East Water and also while
                                                      working with disruptive technology companies in Silicon Valley.

                        Interests in Starpharma       170,555 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     18                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                             Directors’

                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                             Report
                        Jeff R Davies
                        PhD, BSc (Hons)



                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Independence
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 April 2022)
                        Experience:                   Dr Davies is a former CSL executive with over 35 years of biopharmaceutical experience, holding
                                                      senior executive roles at CSL, including Executive Vice President & General Manager at CSL


                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                                                      for the Asia-Pacific region, and Global Head of Plasma Product Research and Development
                                                      at CSL-Behring, Switzerland.
                                                      As Executive Vice President & General Manager at CSL for the Asia-Pacific region, Dr Davies
                                                      had overall P&L responsibility for the commercial and operational aspects of the business and
                                                      oversaw the pharmaceutical, plasma, vaccine, and diagnostic businesses in Australia, New Zealand,




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial
                                                      China, and the broader Asia-Pacific region.
                                                      As the Global Head of CSL-Behring’s Plasma Product Research and Development portfolios,
                                                      Dr Davies oversaw and played an important role in the development of leading products,


                                                                                                                                                             Statements
                                                      including the multi-billion-dollar Privigen® immunoglobulin product. Dr Davies was part of CSL’s
                                                      due diligence teams, which led to the acquisitions of the Plasma Fractionation businesses of
                                                      Swiss Red Cross (2000) and Aventis Behring (2003), thus transforming CSL into a global company.
                                                      Dr Davies is a partner and founding director of Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence,
                                                      a pharmaceutical consulting firm. Dr Davies has held a number of senior industry board and



                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated
                                                      advisory roles, including representation on the Pharmaceutical Industry Council, the Australian
                                                      Red Cross Advisory Board and Medicines Australia.
                                                      Dr Davies holds a PhD in Biochemistry from Monash University and is a graduate of the London
                                                      Business School’s Senior Executive Program.


                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                        Committee membership:         Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

                        Other current directorships None.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other        None.
                        ASX listed entities within                                                                                                           Directors’
                        the last three years:
                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                        Specific skills and           With over 35 years of experience within the biopharmaceutical industry, Dr Davies is an
                        experience areas:             accomplished executive skilled in R&D, product development and commercialisation strategy;
                                                      business development, manufacturing and clinical and regulatory affairs. Dr Davies has significant

                                                                                                                                                             Independent
                                                      leadership skills and experience in commercialising scientific research for healthcare products.

                        Interests in Starpharma       929,687 ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Report
                        Holdings Limited:




                                                                                                                                                             Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                             Information




                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                             Property Report




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate

                                                                                                                                                             Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     19                                              Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Information on Directors continued

                        Russell Basser
                        MB.BS FRACP MD
                        Independent non-executive director (appointed 20 February 2023)
                        Experience:                   Dr Basser is a medical oncologist and former corporate executive with over 30 years of international
                                                      medical and biopharmaceutical experience, including 21 years at CSL.
                                                      Dr Basser has substantial expertise in international drug and vaccine development, having held
                                                      multiple senior executive roles at CSL, including Senior Vice President (SVP) of Research and
                                                      Development at CSL Seqirus; Chief Medical Officer at CSL Limited/CSL Behring; and SVP of
                                                      Global Clinical Research and Development at CSL Behring/CSL Limited. During his time at CSL,
                                                      Dr Basser was responsible for globalising CSL’s Clinical Research and Development group and




For personal use only
                                                      for conception and execution of CSL’s clinical trial strategies across a broad range of therapeutic
                                                      areas from Phase 1 to commercialisation. Dr Basser was a founding member of CSL Seqirus’ executive
                                                      leadership team in 2015 as SVP of Research and Development until his retirement in April 2022.
                                                      Prior to joining CSL, Dr Basser was a practicing medical oncologist at the Royal Melbourne and
                                                      Western Hospitals and had an appointment at the Ludwig institute for Cancer Research.

                        Committee membership:         Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

                        Other current directorships Medical Developments International.
                        of ASX listed entities:

                        Directorships of other        None.
                        ASX listed entities within
                        the last three years:

                        Specific skills and           With over 20 years of executive experience in the biotechnology industry and 10 years as
                        experience areas:             a practicing clinical oncologist, Dr Basser has significant leadership skills and experience in
                                                      healthcare/scientific research; pharmaceutical product development; international executive
                                                      experience and skills in regulation/public policy; commercialisation of innovation; business
                                                      development; governance; strategy; and risk management.

                        Interests in Starpharma       71,428 ordinary shares.
                        Holdings Limited:



                        Company Secretary
                        Mr Justin Cahill commenced as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary on 3 April 2023. Mr Cahill has extensive
                        corporate finance and leadership experience in the biopharmaceutical, food and agricultural sectors for both ASX-listed
                        and private companies.


                        Principal Activities
                        The principal activities of the group consist of research, development and commercialisation of dendrimer products for
                        pharmaceutical and healthcare applications. Activities within the group are directed towards the development of precisely
                        defined nano-scale materials, including the development of SPL7013 (astodrimer sodium) as a vaginal gel, VivaGel® BV, for the
                        management of bacterial vaginosis, VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray; and as an antiviral condom coating. Starpharma is also
                        applying its proprietary dendrimers to drug delivery to create improved pharmaceuticals and has developed the valuable DEP®
                        (Dendrimer Enhanced Product) delivery platform.


                        Result
                        The financial report for the group for the financial year ended 30 June 2024, and the results herein, have been prepared in
                        accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

                        The consolidated loss after income tax attributable to ordinary shareholders for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 was
                        $8,165,000 (2023: $15,638,000), with revenue of $9,756,000 (2023: $4,208,000). The net operating cash outflows for the
                        year were $6,977,000 (2023: $14,311,000). The cash balance at 30 June 2024 was $23,360,000 (June 2023: $35,180,000).




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     20                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                              Directors’

                                                                                                                                                              Report




                                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
                        Dividends and Distributions
                        No dividends were paid or declared in respect to the financial year ended 30 June 2024 (2023: Nil).                                   Report



                        Review of Operations


                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Independence
                        Key Focus Area 1: Maximise DEP® Asset Value
                        Starpharma’s DEP® drug delivery platform is being used to enhance the therapeutic utility of drugs through improved solubility,
                        efficacy and pharmacokinetic control, and reductions in specific drug-related toxicities. Starpharma’s innovative and proprietary


                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                        DEP® platform has shown advantages across a wide range of drug classes. It has the potential to provide benefits to small
                        molecule drugs, peptides, and proteins, as well as to the development of radiotheranostics and antibody-drug conjugates
                        (ADCs). The dendrimer technology could benefit companies looking to enhance the outcome of a drug currently in development
                        to improve efficacy and/or reduce toxicity or extend patents of key drugs in their portfolio.




For personal use only
                        During FY24, Starpharma completed its three DEP® Phase II clinical studies and reported results. With the full clinical dataset


                                                                                                                                                              Consolidated Financial
                        now in hand and beginning to share results at oncology conferences such as ASCO, Starpharma’s top priority is to maximise
                        the value of the DEP® clinical assets. The key objective is to successfully convert priority assets DEP® SN38 (DEP® irinotecan)
                        and DEP® cabazitaxel into license deals.


                                                                                                                                                              Statements
                        Key activities until the date of this report include:
                        Starpharma reported the results from the Phase II clinical trial programs of DEP® SN38, DEP® cabazitaxel, and DEP® docetaxel.
                        The three programs have clinically validated the DEP® platform technology and have generated valuable data supporting
                        further development of the DEP® clinical candidates. This will provide value in areas of unmet clinical need and knowledge



                                                                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated
                        and experience to advance future high-value DEP® candidates towards clinical trials and commercialisation.

                        The DEP® SN38 Phase II clinical program met its objectives, with endpoints demonstrating positive anti-tumour efficacy in
                        heavily pre-treated patients with a range of difficult-to-treat, advanced, metastatic cancers, including colorectal cancer and



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                        platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. The trial also confirmed the product’s favourable safety and tolerability profile. Several
                        patients who have had prolonged responses to DEP® SN38 therapy and are experiencing ongoing clinical benefit continue
                        to receive access to DEP® SN38 treatment and will be monitored for safety and any change to their disease.

                        The promising results from the DEP® SN38 trial were presented as an oral presentation at the ASCO Annual Meeting in June 2024.
                        The presentation generated significant interest from clinicians and the oncology community attending the conference,

                                                                                                                                                              Directors’
                        highlighting the challenges that treating physicians see each day and the benefit the DEP® technology can bring to patients
                        undergoing treatment.
                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                        Earlier in the year, interim data on DEP® SN38 were presented at the International Conference on Molecular Targets and
                        Cancer Therapeutics, co-hosted by the American Association of Cancer Research (AACR), National Cancer Institute (NCI),
                        and the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) in the US (AACR-NCI-EORTC) in October 2023.

                                                                                                                                                              Independent
                        Additional nonclinical data on DEP® SN38 in combination with immune-oncology agents were also presented at this conference.

                        The DEP® cabazitaxel Phase II clinical trial met its objectives, with endpoints demonstrating positive anti-tumour efficacy in

                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Report
                        advanced, metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer, platinum-resistant ovarian cancer, and gastro-oesophageal cancers.
                        The trial also confirmed the safety and tolerability of DEP® cabazitaxel.

                        The full results from the Phase II trial of DEP® cabazitaxel were presented as an oral presentation at the American Society of
                        Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in June 2024, and data on the efficacy of the product in gastroesophageal cancers
                        were presented at the ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium in January 2024.                                                        Shareholder

                        Acceptance of two oral presentations at the 2024 ASCO Annual Meeting was a significant achievement for Starpharma,                    Information
                        demonstrating the significance and value of the data generated in the Phase II clinical programs of DEP® SN38 and
                        DEP® cabazitaxel.


                                                                                                                                                              Intellectual
                        The DEP® docetaxel Phase II clinical program met its objectives, with endpoints demonstrating encouraging anti-tumour activity
                        in multiple advanced, metastatic cancers, including pancreatic cancer, gastro-oesophageal cancer, non-small cell lung cancer,

                                                                                                                                                              Property Report
                        and cholangiocarcinoma. The safety and tolerability of DEP® docetaxel were also confirmed. These results were demonstrated
                        in the monotherapy and combination arms, where DEP® docetaxel was administered either as a monotherapy or combination
                        therapy with other anti-cancer agents, nintedanib or gemcitabine.



                                                                                                                                                              Corporate

                                                                                                                                                              Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     21                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Review of Operations continued
                        Starpharma continues to undertake business development partnering activities for its DEP® assets. As part of its business
                        review and to clearly prioritise the most significant commercial opportunities for the DEP® assets, Starpharma conducted a
                        comprehensive commercial evaluation of each DEP® clinical asset to determine the best path forward for identifying the ideal
                        partner to maximise the assets’ value. This evaluation considered each asset’s commercial potential in terms of indication,
                        region, country, and time to market. Following the outcomes of the commercial evaluation, Starpharma’s partnering priorities
                        have shifted to focusing on DEP® SN38 and DEP® cabazitaxel, with active business development outreach paused for DEP®
                        docetaxel. Whilst DEP® docetaxel still represents a commercial opportunity, the priority of our internal resourcing is to focus
                        on progressing commercial discussions for DEP® SN38 and DEP® cabazitaxel.

                        In parallel with business development activities for DEP® SN38 and DEP® cabazitaxel, Starpharma is developing two DEP®
                        radiopharmaceutical candidates, a DEP® HER2-radiodiagnostic and a DEP® HER2-radiotherapeutic. In May 2024, Starpharma
                        announced it is prioritising the development of the DEP® HER2-radiodiagnostic towards a first-in-human clinical study to initiate
                        within the next 12 months and, in parallel, continue the development of a DEP® HER2-radiotherapeutic.




For personal use only
                        Earlier in the year, Starpharma’s DEP® HER2-radiodiagnostic demonstrated a favourable biodistribution profile with excellent
                        imaging contrast between tumour and normal tissues, as well as rapid uptake and high levels of tumour accumulation in a
                        HER2-positive (HER2+) breast cancer model. The application, versatility, and benefits of the DEP® platform for targeted delivery
                        of radiopharmaceuticals were presented at the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI) Annual Meeting
                        in June 2024, the Targeted Radiopharmaceuticals Summit in Berlin in December 2023, and the AACR-NCI-EORTC Conference
                        in October 2023.

                        Presentations at international industry conferences are important for demonstrating the advantageous application of dendrimers
                        in drug delivery and raising the profile of Starpharma’s DEP® platform within the oncology community. They also present significant
                        opportunities for business development. While in the US for ASCO and in Canada for the SNMMI conference, Starpharma also
                        attended BIO 2024. Attending all three of these conferences proved highly valuable from a partnering perspective, as a high
                        number of meetings with companies from Europe and the US interested in applying dendrimers to their pipeline products,
                        including radiopharmaceuticals, were generated.

                        Key Focus Area 2: Accelerate Early Asset Development
                        Starpharma is intensifying its efforts to develop saleable assets and secure collaborations and licensing deals. The company’s key
                        objective is to increase the number of assets in early development and enhance the efficiency of our early development activities.

                        Key activities until the date of this report include:
                        In April 2024, Starpharma announced a strategic partnership with Medicxi, a leading life sciences investment firm dedicated
                        to financing companies developing innovative medicines, to co-found an asset-centric company called Petalion Therapeutics.
                        Petalion is focusing on developing a novel targeted asset using Starpharma’s DEP® dendrimer platform technology.

                        During the year, Starpharma continued its research collaborations with Genentech and MSD. In these partnerships,
                        Starpharma provides dendrimer chemistry expertise and develops functionalised dendrimers for its partners to test.

                        Starpharma’s in-house preclinical DEP® antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) program continues with candidate optimisation
                        and further preclinical studies to demonstrate the DEP® platform’s benefits in this high-value area.

                        Starpharma partnered with the University of Queensland’s Hub for Advanced Manufacture of Targeted Radiopharmaceuticals
                        (AMTAR Hub) in July 2023 to advance the research and development of Starpharma’s targeted DEP® radiopharmaceuticals.

                        On 31 July 2023, following communication from AstraZeneca on 28 July 2023 and the subsequent release of their H1 and Q2 2023
                        results announcement that day, Starpharma reported that AstraZeneca had made the decision to discontinue the development
                        of AZD0466 after an internal review prompted by a small number of asymptomatic adverse events that were unrelated to
                        Starpharma’s dendrimer drug delivery technology.

                        Key Focus Area 3: Build Long-Term Sustainability
                        Starpharma aims to become a self-sustaining organisation by increasing revenues and the value of its intellectual property and
                        managing costs effectively. The company’s key focus areas in the short term include growing revenue, improving efficiency,
                        and reducing costs to support our long-term self-sustaining goal. Starpharma has multiple revenue streams with short to
                        medium-term opportunities, including from DEP® asset partnerships and the marketed products VivaGel® BV and VIRALEZE™.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     22                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                     Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                        Key activities until the date of this report include:
                        VivaGel® BV is a non-antibiotic topical gel for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis (BV) and the prevention of recurrent BV.                Report
                        It is registered in over 40 countries, including the UK, Europe, Southeast Asia, South Africa, Australia, and New Zealand.

                        In June 2024, Starpharma successfully achieved regulatory certification of VivaGel® BV under the new EU Medical Device



                                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Independence
                        Regulations (MDR), which recently introduced a range of more stringent requirements to demonstrate medical device safety
                        and performance, including an increased need for clinical evidence. Certification under the EU MDR gives renewed certainty
                        about the status of VivaGel® BV in Europe. It is an important factor for potential commercial partners in this region, as the new
                        regulations introduce significant hurdles that other products that make claims for treatment of BV may not be able to overcome.


                                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        In February 2024, Starpharma completed the formal dispute resolution process with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in
                        relation to VivaGel® BV. The FDA maintained that they require additional clinical efficacy data to be generated for the regulatory
                        approval of VivaGel® BV for BV in the US. Starpharma is not planning to pursue further clinical studies for VivaGel® BV on its own
                        at this time. Starpharma remains committed to leveraging the VivaGel® BV development program and is working to maximise the




For personal use only
                        commercial potential for VivaGel® BV in the more than 40 markets where it has already been approved. The decision by the FDA


                                                                                                                                                                     Consolidated Financial
                        does not alter the approval status in the countries where VivaGel® BV is already registered. Following this outcome, Starpharma
                        and EDW Pharma, formerly ITF Pharma, mutually agreed to exit the license agreement for VivaGel® BV in the US, signed in 2018.



                                                                                                                                                                     Statements
                        In January 2024, Starpharma partnered with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group for the sales and distribution of VivaGel® BV across
                        13 countries in the Middle East and North Africa region. ITROM has a strong presence in the region’s public and private health
                        sectors, maintaining strong relationships with key opinion leaders, specialist physicians, hospital chains and retail outlets.
                        Since entering this agreement, Starpharma and ITROM have been working closely to transfer relevant VivaGel® BV marketing
                        authorisations from Mundipharma and prepare for launch in the Middle East market. ITROM has achieved registration for VivaGel®
                        BV in Saudi Arabia.


                                                                                                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated
                        This new partnership with ITROM followed the reversion of VivaGel® BV rights to Starpharma under a settlement agreement
                        with Mundipharma in August 2023. Under the settlement, Starpharma received a one-time A$6.6 million cash payment from
                        Mundipharma in August 2023, and the VivaGel® BV commercial rights reverted to Starpharma.


                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                        Starpharma’s partner, Aspen, continues to market VivaGel® BV in Australia and New Zealand under the brand name Fleurstat® BVgel.

                        VIRALEZE™ is a topical antiviral barrier nasal spray for colds and respiratory viruses, including coronaviruses. It is registered in
                        over 35 countries, including Europe, the UK, and Asia. VIRALEZE™ is not approved for use or supply in Australia, where the review
                        by the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) for the SPL7013 nasal spray as a medical device is ongoing. Starpharma has
                        provided the TGA with clinical data from the post-market study that was completed during FY24, and Starpharma is awaiting an                 Directors’
                        outcome from the TGA.
                                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        In parallel with seeking marketing authorisation in Australia, Starpharma applied to amend the TGA Poisons Standard to ensure
                        accurate labelling of the nasal spray, should approval be achieved. The TGA announced its final decision in May 2024 in support
                        of Starpharma’s application to amend the Standard. This outcome means that if a nasal spray containing astodrimer sodium were

                                                                                                                                                                     Independent
                        approved for sale in Australia, the product could be labelled appropriately for nasal spray applications and sold in pharmacies.
                        This outcome is separate from, and does not influence, the application for marketing authorisation.

                        Starpharma reported the results of the post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in participants with COVID-19 in January 2024.                Auditor’s Report
                        The results showed that VIRALEZE™ reduced SARS-CoV-2 viral load and increased the rate of virus clearance from the nose, and in
                        parallel, improved key symptoms of COVID-19, including loss of smell. This benefit was statistically significant in all age cohorts
                        45+ years but was not significant when patients below 40 years of age were included. As seen in a previously announced trial
                                                                                                                                                                     Shareholder
                        in healthy volunteers, VIRALEZE™ was well-tolerated.

                        The results from the VIRALEZE™ clinical study provide clinical evidence of the performance of VIRALEZE™ in humans that will                  Information
                        support regulatory processes for the transition to the new European Medical Device Regulations (MDR), which will come into full
                        effect in 2029. The data will also support ongoing marketing and commercial activities for the product. Starpharma submitted
                        its application for EU MDR certification in April 2024, which is under review by the Regulator.

                        Starpharma continues to market VIRALEZE™ online through dedicated product webstores and Amazon UK. Starpharma also has                       Intellectual
                        commercial partners in several international markets, where the product is distributed online and in retail outlets, including pharmacies.
                                                                                                                                                                     Property Report
                        Starpharma continues to pursue additional commercial opportunities for its VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® BV products in line with its
                        strategic priorities.

                        Starpharma and Okamoto signed a contract extension for the VivaGel® Condom product. This agreement covers Japan and
                        several other Asian markets. Okamoto continues marketing in Japan and regulatory activities in several other Asian markets.                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                     Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        23                                                  Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Review of Operations continued
                        Key Personnel Changes
                        Cheryl Maley commenced as Starpharma’s Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024. Upon Cheryl’s
                        commencement, Dr Jackie Fairley retired from the position. Dr Fairley was available to provide advisory support to the CEO and
                        Board as needed until June 2024.


                        Matters Subsequent to the End of the Financial Year
                        No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2024 through the date of this report that have significantly affected,
                        or may significantly affect:
                        (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years, or
                        (b) the results of those operations in future financial years, or




For personal use only
                        (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.

                        Strategy, Future Developments and Prospects
                        The company aims to generate value through the development and commercialisation of its patented dendrimer technology for
                        pharmaceutical and healthcare applications. The company’s focus is on maximising the value of its DEP® drug delivery platform,
                        accelerating early asset development, and building long-term sustainability. Starpharma intends to achieve this through a
                        combination of internally funded and partnered projects. The company commercialises its development pipeline with corporate
                        partners via licensing and sales and distribution agreements at various stages in a product’s development lifecycle; depending
                        on the product, patent opportunity, a partner’s commercial strategy and relative strength of product and market expertise,
                        comparison of current and future potential returns.

                        Starpharma has extensive expertise in developing dendrimers, with clinically validated technology, a strong intellectual property
                        (IP) position, and a portfolio of clinical-stage assets, early-stage research, partnerships, and commercial products. Starpharma’s
                        strategy is to extract the highest value from its patented technology, including licensing priority DEP® product candidates,
                        advancing its DEP® radiopharmaceuticals program and partnerships, increasing revenue, further strengthening its IP position,
                        and fostering a high-performance culture.


                        Proceedings on Behalf of the Company
                        No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf of the company with leave of the Court under section 237
                        of the Corporations Act 2001.


                        Review of Financials
                                                                                                                        30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                        Income statement                                                                                      $’000               $’000

                        Revenue                                                                                                 9,756               4,208

                        Cost of goods sold                                                                                       (632)              (1,120)

                        Other income                                                                                                 –                 135

                        Research and product development expense (net of R&D tax incentive)                                   (10,053)             (11,239)

                        Commercial and regulatory operating expense                                                            (3,664)             (3,854)

                        Corporate, administration and finance expense                                                          (3,572)              (3,768)

                        Loss for the period                                                                                     (8,165)           (15,638)




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                         24                                            Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration
                        Income statement
                        The reported loss for the year was $8,165,000 (2023: $15,638,000). The loss included nonrecurring revenue of $6,553,000 relating        Report
                        to the commercial settlement and termination of the VivaGel® BV license and supply agreement with Mundipharma in August 2023.
                        The consolidated loss adjusted for the Mundipharma settlement was $14,718,000, a 6% decrease on the prior year loss.




                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Independence
                        Revenue for the year was $9,756,000 (2023: $4,208,000), comprising $8,289,000 (2023: $2,939,000) for product sales,
                        royalty and license, and research revenue from commercial partners, and interest income on cash invested of $1,467,000
                        (2023: $1,269,000). Revenue included a nonrecurring $6,553,000 from the Mundipharma commercial settlement. Excluding the
                        Mundipharma settlement, adjusted revenue was $3,203,000, a 24% decrease on prior year revenues, with lower product sales


                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        in the current period.

                        Research and product development expense was $10,053,000 (2023: $11,239,000) and includes the costs of the internal
                        DEP® drug delivery programs, including DEP® SN38, DEP® cabazitaxel, DEP® docetaxel, DEP® ADCs and DEP® radiotheranostics,
                        as well as the post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™. A contra research and development expense of $5,527,000 (2023:




For personal use only
                        $7,631,000) has been recognised for eligible research and development activities under the Australian Government’s R&D Tax


                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                        Incentive program.

                        Commercial and regulatory operating expense includes expenditure related to commercialisation of both VivaGel®, VIRALEZE™


                                                                                                                                                                Statements
                        and DEP® portfolios, including business development, marketing, regulatory, supply chain and quality assurance activities.
                        The decrease in expense from the prior year reflects cost reduction initiatives implemented, including for employment costs,
                        IT support costs, and ongoing product stability studies.

                        Corporate, administration and finance expense include corporate costs, gains/losses on foreign currency held, and interest
                        expense on borrowings. The decrease in expense from the prior year reflects cost reduction initiatives implemented, including


                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                        for insurances.

                        Balance sheet



                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                        At 30 June 2024, the group’s cash position was $23,360,000 (June 2023: $35,180,000). Trade and other receivables of $7,151,000
                        (June 2023: $9,169,000) includes $5,527,000 (June 2023: $7,244,000) receivable from the Australian Government under the
                        R&D tax incentive program. Trade and other payables of $4,013,000 (June 2023: $7,667,000) have decreased primarily due
                        to lower accruals associated with expenditure on research programs.

                        Statement of cash flows
                        The net operating cash outflows for the year were $6,977,000 (2023: $14,311,000). The net cash outflows from financing activities       Directors’
                        were $4,747,000 (2023: $83,000 inflow) and included the repayment of the $4,000,000 Invest Victoria R&D loan.
                                                                                                                                                                Declaration

                        Earnings Per Share

                                                                                                                                                                Independent
                                                                                                                                  2024               2023

                        Basic/diluted loss per share                                                                             ($0.02)            ($0.04)

                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                Information




                                                                                                                                                                Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      25                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Risk Management
                        The group is subject to business risks typical of companies operating
                        in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors at the development
                        and early commercialisation phase. Any investment in these sectors is
                        considered high-risk. Company management has implemented a risk                              1                           2
                        management and internal control system in order to manage the                             Identify                     Analyse
                        group’s material business risks.

                        The company’s risk management system comprises four steps:
                        1) risk identification, 2) analysis, 3) implementation of mitigation controls
                                                                                                                                 Risk
                        and actions, and 4) monitoring and reporting of identified risks.                                    Management
                                                                                                                               Process
                        The Audit and Risk Committee, on behalf of the Board, monitors the risk

                                                                                                                     4                          3
                        management system to ensure it is operating effectively and receives




For personal use only
                        reports on material risks. The material and specific risks of the industry
                        sector and the group identified through the company’s risk management                     Monitor                    Actions &
                                                                                                                  & Report                   Controls
                        system include, but are not limited to:
                        • Scientific, technical and clinical – product development requires a
                          high level of scientific rigour, the outcomes of which cannot be known
                          beforehand. Activities are experimental in nature, so the risk of failure,
                          unexpected outcomes or delay is material. The company is introducing
                          steps to further strengthen the new candidate selection criteria to help
                          further mitigate this inherent risk
                        • Key development activities, including clinical trials, are undertaken by specialist contract research organisations, and there are
                          risks in designing and completing those activities, including managing the quality and timelines of these activities.
                        • Regulatory – company products and their testing may not be approved, or may be delayed, amended or withdrawn, by regulatory
                          bodies (e.g. US Food and Drug Administration) whose approvals are necessary before products can be sold in market. Changes
                          in the regulatory environment may also impact product development and commercialisation. Breach of regulations, local or
                          international law, or industry codes of conduct may subject the company to financial penalties and reputational damage.
                        • Financial – the group currently, and since inception, does not receive sufficient recurrent income to cover operating expenses.
                          Although current cash reserves are sound, there is no certainty that additional capital funding may not be required in the future,
                          and no assurance can be given that such funding will be available if required.
                        • Intellectual property (IP) – commercial success requires the ability to develop, obtain and maintain commercially valuable patents,
                          trade secrets and confidential information. Securing, defending and maintaining IP across multiple countries and preventing
                          the infringement of the group’s exclusive rights involves managing complex legal, scientific and factual issues. The company
                          must also operate without infringing upon the IP of others.
                        • Product manufacturing and supply – the company is required to manufacture and supply product under certain licensing
                          and distribution agreements, and under highly stringent quality and regulatory requirements. The manufacture of product
                          is undertaken by specialist, regulatory approved, third party contract manufacturing organisations experienced in the
                          sector. There is a risk of quality/failure of manufacture and a risk that supply chain disruptions lead to manufacturing and
                          supply delays/interruptions, which could impact profitability and/or damage relationships with partners. Further, changes in
                          economic circumstances may increase the cost and availability of product, negatively impacting the business.
                        • Commercialisation – the company predominately relies upon commercial partners to market, distribute and in some cases
                          finalise development and registration of its products on its behalf. There are risks in establishing and maintaining these
                          relationships, and with the manner in which partners execute and deliver on these agreements.
                        • Product acceptance and competitiveness – a developed product may not be considered by key opinion leaders (e.g. doctors),
                          reimbursement authorities (e.g. Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme listing) or the end customer to be an effective alternative to
                          products already on market, or other products may be preferred.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                         26                                             Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration
                        • Product liability – a claim or product recall may significantly impact the company. Insurance, at an acceptable cost, may not
                                                                                                                                                                Report
                          be available or adequate to cover liability claims or any product recall costs (if any) if a product is found to be unsafe.
                        • Key personnel – the company’s success and achievements against timelines depend on key members of its highly qualified,
                          specialised and experienced management and scientific teams. The ability to retain and attract such personnel is important.
                        • Grant and R&D incentives – the company may undertake R&D activities part-funded by incentive programs (e.g. R&D tax incentive)


                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Independence
                          and other competitive grants. There is no certainty that grants or incentive programs will continue to be available to the
                          company, and changes in government policy may reduce their applicability.
                        • Cyber security and data protection – the company recognises the increasing risk associated with cyber security and the


                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                          potential impact on business operations and has taken steps in recent years to improve controls relating to protection of
                          Company data. Management continues to review processes and controls to ensure the company remains current with the
                          evolving cyber security climate.

                        In accordance with good business practice in the pharmaceutical industry, the group’s management actively and routinely employs




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                        a variety of risk management strategies. These are broadly described in the Corporate Governance Statement available at
                        http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.


                        Health and Safety
                                                                                                                                                                Statements
                        The Board, Chief Executive Officer and senior management team of the company are committed to providing and maintaining
                        a safe and healthy working environment for the company’s employees and anyone entering its premises or with connections
                        to the company’s business operations. Employees are encouraged to actively participate in the management of occupational
                        health and safety (OH&S) issues. The company has adopted an OH&S Policy and has an established OH&S Committee as part



                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                        of its overall approach to workplace safety. The OH&S Committee provides a forum for management and employees to consult
                        on health and safety matters. The primary role of the OH&S Committee is to coordinate the development and implementation
                        of the OH&S Policy and procedures, to consider any work-related safety matters or incidents, and to ensure compliance with
                        relevant legislation and guidelines. The OH&S Committee includes representatives of management and employees from each



                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                        operational area generally in proportion to the number of people working in the area and the perceived safety risks associated
                        with working in that area.

                        The OH&S Committee meets monthly, and updates on OH&S matters are provided at Board meetings.


                        Environment and Regulation
                                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                        The group is subject to environmental regulations and other licences in respect of its research and development facilities and
                        there are adequate systems in place to ensure compliance with relevant federal, state and local environmental regulations.              Declaration
                        The Board is not aware of any breach of applicable environmental regulations by the group. There were no significant changes
                        in laws or regulations during the 2024 financial year or since the end of the year affecting the business activities of the group,
                        and the Board is not aware of any such changes in the near future.

                                                                                                                                                                Independent


                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                Information




                                                                                                                                                                Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      27                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Meetings of Directors
                        The number of meetings of the company’s Board of Directors and of each committee held during the year ended 30 June 2024,
                        and the number of meetings attended by each director are listed in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                                                                                                                                  Audit and Risk and Nomination
                        Directors                                                                                      Board        Committee        Committee

                        R B Thomas
                        Chairman                                                                                        8 of 8              3 of 3              3 of 3

                        C Maley
                        CEO & Managing Director1                                                                        4 of 4                N/A                 N/A

                        J K Fairley




For personal use only
                        CEO & Managing Director2                                                                        4 of 4                N/A                 N/A

                        D J McIntyre   3
                                                                                                                        6 of 8              3 of 3                N/A

                        L Cheng                                                                                         8 of 8              3 of 3              3 of 3

                        J R Davies                                                                                      8 of 8                N/A               3 of 3

                        R Basser                                                                                        7 of 8                N/A               2 of 3


                        “N/A” denotes that the director is not a member of the relevant committee.
                        1. C Maley was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024.
                        2. J K Fairley retired as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024.
                        3. The two Board meetings that D J McIntyre was unable to attend were due to unforeseen and unavoidable travel delays that prevented him joining
                           the scheduled meetings.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                               28                                                 Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report                                                                                                                    Directors’

                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration
                        The remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2024 sets out remuneration information for non-executive directors,
                                                                                                                                                               Report
                        and KMP executives of the group. The remuneration report is presented under the following sections:
                        1.   Introduction
                        2. Remuneration governance



                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                        3. Non-executive director remuneration policy
                        4. Executive remuneration policy
                        5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance


                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                        6. Details of remuneration
                        7.   Executive employment agreements
                        8. KMP equity holdings




For personal use only
                        9. Details of equity incentives affecting current and future remuneration


                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                        1. Introduction
                        Remuneration strategy

                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                        Starpharma aims to ensure that its remuneration strategy aligns the interests of its executives and employees with those of its
                        shareholders. In framing its remuneration strategy, the Board is conscious that Starpharma only has a small number of employees
                        (~40) so endeavours to keep its remuneration relatively straightforward. Starpharma’s staff are required to have specialist
                        knowledge and experience allowing them to develop products over the medium to long term. The fact that Starpharma operates
                        in a global pharmaceutical industry environment also influences its remuneration strategy.


                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                        The remuneration structure comprises fixed remuneration, short-term incentives (“STI”) in both cash and equity and equity-based
                        long-term incentives (“LTI”). Starpharma’s remuneration structure is transparent and based on Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”),
                        which are designed to align with the interests of shareholders and to reward performance across multi-year timeframes related


                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                        to product development value-adding milestones. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events
                        and circumstances not envisaged.

                        The Remuneration and Nominations Committee and Board explicitly considered the FY24 share price underperformance in
                        determining the STI cash bonus and STI deferred equity incentives awarded for FY24, and in setting appropriate remuneration
                        for directors and executives for the forward year.
                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                        As a result of a strategic review of the company following the commencement of Ms Cheryl Maley as CEO in January 2024,
                        there are some revisions to the company remuneration strategy, which will come into effect in FY25. The main changes to the            Declaration
                        remuneration strategy impact performance pay outcomes for all employees of Starpharma. The organisation has reviewed its
                        incentive framework, and this will be enhanced in FY25 to more closely align with shareholder interests. In terms of STI and LTI
                        outcomes, there will be adjustments made to the weighting of KPIs that increase the proportion of at-risk incentives for all staff.

                                                                                                                                                               Independent
                        Another change to be implemented in FY25 is the methodology used for offering performance rights to staff. Performance
                        rights are an important incentive and retention tool and have been an important element of the company’s remuneration

                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report
                        framework. For many years, the company has sought to maintain or, at times, increase the face value of the annual offer of
                        performance rights to our staff. To make the offer of performance rights more sustainable for the company, from FY25,
                        the company will take a more measured approach in determining the face value of rights offered to staff, which will lead
                        to a reduction in the face value of rights offered for the LTI program, across all positions in the company.

                        CEO Transition                                                                                                                         Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                               Information
                        Following the announcement of Dr Fairley’s intention to retire (ASX announcement dated 9 June 2023), the Board undertook
                        an extensive international search and selection process to recruit a successor to Dr Fairley. Dr Fairley made an outstanding
                        contribution to Starpharma since assuming the role of CEO in 2006, and the Board was determined to ensure a smooth
                        handover to a new CEO and a successful transition period. To this end, and recognising the knowledge and experience of

                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual
                        the organisation that would leave with Dr Fairley, the Board implemented some retention measures to help ensure stability
                        during a newly appointed CEO’s transition. The Board identified a number of positions in the company that would be crucial
                        to a newly appointed CEO’s success and put in place retention measures for those employees. The first measure was a cash-
                                                                                                                                                               Property Report
                        based retention payment, which was offered to 7 employees, totalling $390,000. The cash retention payment is payable
                        in October 2024, 9 months after the start date of the new CEO. The second measure was the offer of performance rights,
                        totalling 315,000 rights granted to 4 employees. These rights vest in June 2025, 17 months after the new CEO commenced.
                        These transition retention arrangements are dependent on continued employment with the company; the Board may exercise
                                                                                                                                                               Corporate
                        discretion to bring forward the payment date and, or, the vesting of rights included in this offer.

                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      29                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        1. Introduction continued
                        Key management personnel
                        The remuneration report details the remuneration arrangements for key management personnel (“KMP”), who are defined as
                        those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the company,
                        directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the parent.

                        Following the appointment of Ms Cheryl Maley as CEO and Managing Director in January 2024 a review of the business was
                        undertaken, resulting in a refreshed company strategy. This has led to a change in KMP Executive members, compared to FY23.
                        From January 2024, the Board has assessed the KMP to be the Chair, Non-Executive Directors, CEO & Managing Director, and
                        Chief Financial Officer. These individuals are responsible for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group.
                        They participate in all meetings of the Board and its committees and have a central role in developing corporate strategy.
                        Previous KMP positions, VP Business Development and VP Development & Regulatory Affairs, are no longer classified as KMP
                        from January 2024 as their roles cover discrete areas of the Group’s operations, rather than the Group itself.




For personal use only
                        The table below outlines the KMP of the group during the financial year ended 30 June 2024. Profiles for each of the directors and
                        company secretary can be found at the beginning of the Directors’ Report.

                        Non-executive directors
                        R B Thomas                           Non-executive Chairman

                        D J McIntyre                         Non-executive Director

                        L Cheng                              Non-executive Director

                        J R Davies                           Non-executive Director

                        R Basser                             Non-executive Director

                        KMP Executives
                        C Maley                              Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director commenced 8 January 2024

                        J K Fairley                          Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director retired 8 January 2024

                        J W Cahill                           Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary

                        J R Paull   1
                                                             VP, Development & Regulatory Affairs

                        A Eglezos1                           VP, Business Development

                        1. For the reasons explained above, J R Paul and A Eglezos are no longer assessed as KMP from January 2024.


                        2. Remuneration Governance
                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, consisting of at least three independent non-executive directors, advises the
                        Board on remuneration policies and practices generally, and makes specific recommendations on remuneration packages
                        and other terms of employment for non-executive directors, KMP executives and other senior executives. Where required,
                        external remuneration advice may be sought by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee or the Board.

                        Specifically, the Board approves the remuneration arrangements of the CEO, including awards made under the STI and LTI
                        plans, following recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board approves, having regard
                        to recommendations made by the CEO to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the level of remuneration, including
                        STI and LTI awards, for executives. The Board also sets the aggregate fee pool for non-executive directors (which is subject to
                        shareholder approval) and non-executive director fee levels.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                            30                                          Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                 Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration
                        The company’s remuneration structure aims to:
                        • attract and retain exceptional people to lead and manage the group and to support the internal development of executive                Report
                          talent within the group, recognising that Starpharma is operating in a competitive global pharmaceutical industry environment;
                        • align KMP and executive remuneration structures to shareholder returns, as executives are set both short-term and long-term
                          performance targets, which are linked to the core activities necessary to build competitive advantages and shareholder value;


                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Independence
                        • motivate and reward the executive team whilst aligning performance elements/KPIs to the interests of shareholders; and
                        • create a respectful culture based on performance and innovation through appropriately structured individual assessments.



                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        Information on the Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s role, responsibilities and membership is outlined in the charter
                        available at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

                        Benchmarking




For personal use only
                        Starpharma undertakes extensive salary and remuneration benchmarking each year for executive staff and non-executive


                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Financial
                        positions. Starpharma benchmarks fixed and total remuneration against employment positions of comparable specialisation,
                        size, and responsibility within the industry. Fixed remuneration is supplemented by providing incentives in the form of cash and
                        equity (variable remuneration) to reward performance.


                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
                        Performance reviews
                        At the beginning of a performance period all staff have KPIs set specific to their role. At the conclusion of the performance period,
                        a performance review against these KPIs is conducted, and this feeds into the annual salary review process. The performance
                        reviews consider behavioural and cultural aspects of performance, as well as objective planning and professional and personal



                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated
                        development. The objective of the salary review is to ensure that all employees are appropriately remunerated based on
                        performance, that remuneration is competitive within the relevant industry sector, and that increases in employees’ skills and
                        responsibilities are recognised. As part of the process, each employee’s performance is assessed against their pre-agreed
                        individual KPIs and/or business unit performance and corporate KPIs, and this assessment determines, subject to business



                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                        considerations such as cash availability, if an incentive award is payable and, if so, at what level. During the year, a performance
                        review of all staff took place in accordance with this process.

                        Use of remuneration consultants
                        If remuneration consultants are to be engaged to provide remuneration recommendations as defined in section 9B of the
                        Corporations Act 2001, they are to be engaged by and report directly to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                        No remuneration consultants were engaged to provide such remuneration services during the financial year.                                Directors’

                        As part of the group’s commitment to continuous improvement, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board                     Declaration
                        consider comments made by shareholders and proxy advisers on remuneration-related issues. Members of the Remuneration
                        and Nomination Committee routinely engage with proxy advisers to discuss a range of governance and remuneration matters.


                                                                                                                                                                 Independent
                        Trading in company securities
                        The trading of shares issued to participants under any of the company’s employee equity plans is governed by the

                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                        company’s securities dealing policy. All employees and directors are prohibited from entering into any hedging
                        arrangements over unvested securities and from margin lending on Starpharma securities. Further information regarding
                        the company’s dealing in securities policy is set out in the Corporate Governance Statement, and the policy is available at
                        http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

                                                                                                                                                                 Shareholder
                        Clawback of remuneration
                        In the reasonable opinion of the Board, if a KMP executive has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may determine that           Information
                        any equity right (including an exercisable, vested right) should lapse.




                                                                                                                                                                 Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                 Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                 Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       31                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        3. Non-executive Director Remuneration Policy
                        Determination of fees and the maximum aggregate fee pool
                        The Board seeks to set non-executive directors’ fees at a level which provides the group with the ability to attract and retain
                        non-executive directors of the highest calibre with relevant professional expertise. The fees also reflect the demands which are
                        made on, and the responsibilities of, the non-executive directors, whilst incurring a cost which is acceptable to shareholders.

                        Non-executive directors’ fees and the aggregate fee pool are reviewed annually by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                        against fees paid to non-executive directors in a group of comparable peer companies within the pharma/biotechnology
                        sector and relevant companies in the broader ASX-listed market. The Chairman’s fees are determined by the Remuneration
                        and Nomination Committee independently of the fees of non-executive directors based on the same role, again using
                        benchmarking data from comparable companies in the biotechnology sector. The Board is ultimately responsible for approving
                        any changes to non-executive director fees upon consideration of recommendations put forward by the Remuneration and
                        Nomination Committee.




For personal use only
                        The company’s constitution and the ASX listing rules specify that the non-executive directors’ maximum aggregate fee pool
                        shall be determined from time to time by a general meeting of shareholders. The latest determination was at the AGM held on
                        20 November 2014, when shareholders approved an aggregate fee pool of $550,000. The Board will not seek any increase
                        in the non-executive directors’ maximum fee pool at the 2024 AGM.

                        Fee policy
                        Non-executive directors’ fees consist of base fees and committee fees. The payment of committee fees recognises the additional
                        time, responsibility and commitment required by non-executive directors who serve on board committees. The Chairman of the
                        Board is a member of all committees but does not receive any committee fees in addition to the base fee.

                        Non-executive directors did not receive bonuses or forms of equity securities, or any performance-related remuneration
                        during the financial year. Statutory superannuation contributions are required under the Australian superannuation guarantee
                        legislation to be paid on any fees paid to Australian directors. There are no retirement allowances paid to non-executive directors.
                        The non-executive directors’ fees reported below include any statutory superannuation contributions.

                        Fees paid in FY24
                        The aggregate amount paid to non-executive directors for the year ended 30 June 2024 was $462,606 (2023: $436,119). The details
                        of remuneration for each non-executive director for the years ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023 are outlined in the tables in
                        section 6.

                        From 1 July 2024, non-executive director fees will be subject to a modest increase of 2.5%, inclusive of a 0.5% increase in the
                        compulsory superannuation contribution, as set out below.

                                                                                                                          Proposed fees      Actual fees to
                                                                                                                         from 1 July 2024    30 June 2024
                        Annual non-executive directors’ fees                                                                            $                 $

                        Board fees

                        Chair (no additional fees for serving on Board committees)                                               140,372            136,948

                        Base fee for other non-executive directors                                                                73,328             71,540


                        Committee fees

                        Audit and Risk Committee                                         Chair                                     11,500            11,500

                                                                                         Member                                    5,500              5,500

                        Remuneration and Nomination Committee                            Chair                                     11,500            11,500

                                                                                         Member                                    5,500              5,500




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      32                                                 Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                              Directors’

                                                                                                                                                              Report




                                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy
                                                                                                                                                              Report
                        (a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
                        The group aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration appropriate to their position, skills, experience, and
                        responsibilities whilst being market competitive and enabling the company to retain staff and, at the same time, structuring



                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Independence
                        awards which conserve cash reserves.

                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, together with the Board, actively reviews the group’s remuneration structure
                        and benchmarks the overall package and proportion of fixed remuneration, short-term incentives and long-term incentives


                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                        against relevant industry comparators to ensure the policy objectives are met and are in line with good corporate practice for
                        Starpharma’s size, industry and stage of development. Remuneration levels are considered annually through the remuneration
                        review, which considers industry benchmarks and the performance of the group and the individual.

                        Starpharma undertakes remuneration benchmarking each year with reference to multiple industry peers, together with, where




For personal use only
                        appropriate, other benchmarking reports which apply to specific positions. A group of peer companies from within the pharma/


                                                                                                                                                              Consolidated Financial
                        biotechnology sector are included in the benchmarking exercise. In the benchmarking conducted for FY24, the peer companies
                        included Bionomics, Clarity Pharmaceuticals, Clinuvel, Immutep, Impedimed, Imugene, Incannex Heatlhcare, Mayne Pharma,
                        Medical Developments International, Mesoblast, Monash IVF, Nanosonics, Neuren, Opthea, Paradigm Biopharmaceuticals,


                                                                                                                                                              Statements
                        Polynovo, Race Oncology, Rhythm Biosciences, Syntara, Telix, and 4DMedical. Starpharma typically reviews and develops
                        this benchmark list of peer companies annually to add and remove companies based on their current operations, size,
                        market capitalisation, and the complexity of their business. For some executive roles it may be necessary to add or modify
                        the composition of the peer group to ensure comparable roles are benchmarked.

                        In reviewing the benchmarking data and determining the level of CEO pay, the Board considers the experience and calibre



                                                                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated
                        of its CEO in comparison to Starpharma’s industry peers, ensuring that remuneration is commensurate with talent, skills and
                        experience. There are no guaranteed base pay increases or bonuses in any executive contracts.

                        FY24 included a transition of CEO’s, with Dr Jackie Fairley retiring as CEO & Managing Director on 8 January 2024 and Ms Cheryl


                                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                        Maley commencing on the same date. As a result of the transition, the outgoing and incoming CEO performance pay will be
                        assessed on a pro-rata basis. Ms Cheryl Maley has a maximum STI cash opportunity of $70,000 (as per the ASX announcement
                        dated 10 November 2023) for FY24. Retiring CEO Dr. Fairley had a maximum STI cash opportunity of $275,855 (as disclosed
                        in the Notice of Meeting for the November 2023 AGM), this opportunity was based on a full 12 months of executive service.
                        Other executives do not have a pre-specified maximum cash bonus entitlement; however, bonuses are awarded from a target
                        shared pool for executives as a percentage of total fixed remuneration, based on personal and business unit KPIs and subject
                        to cash availability. For FY25, as part of updates to the remuneration strategy, executives will have pre-specified maximum           Directors’

                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                        cash bonus. This will be aligned to both company and individual performance objectives. Any bonus award is at risk and subject
                        to performance. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee considers that this approach provides flexibility in rewarding
                        superior executive performance and is appropriate for the size of the company at this time, enabling it to manage its cash
                        reserves as required. For FY24, the STI target cash bonus pool for executives other than the CEO was 24% of fixed remuneration
                        to align with the strategy to balance the STI ‘at risk’ portions of remuneration for other executives between cash and equity.
                                                                                                                                                              Independent


                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                              Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                              Information




                                                                                                                                                              Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                              Property Report




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate

                                                                                                                                                              Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     33                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy continued
                        (b) Remuneration principles and strategy
                        The group’s executive remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain high-performing individuals and align
                        the interests of executives with shareholders, recognising it is operating in the international pharmaceutical industry, and is
                        summarised below.

                                                              Remuneration strategy linkages to group objectives

                        Align the interests of executives with shareholders:             Attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals:
                        • The remuneration framework incorporates “at risk”              • The remuneration offering is competitive for companies
                          components, which are determined by performance,                 of similar size and complexity within the industry
                          through STI and LTI.                                             through benchmarking.
                        • Performance is assessed against a suite of measures            • The mix of short and longer-term remuneration




For personal use only
                          relevant to the success of the group and generating              encourages retention and performance across multiple
                          growth and returns for shareholders.                             years as appropriate for the lifecycle of the group.



                        Component                       Vehicle                          Purpose                          Link to performance

                        Fixed remuneration              Base salary, superannuation      To provide competitive           Group and individual
                                                        contributions and other          fixed remuneration set           performance are
                                                        benefits (breakdown of           with reference to the role,      considered during the
                                                        fixed remuneration is at         market and experience.           annual remuneration review.
                                                        the executive’s discretion).

                        Short-term incentives (STI)     Cash and equity                  Rewards executives for their     Allocation of cash bonuses
                                                                                         contribution to achievement      and vesting of equity linked
                        (Performance period             The equity instrument is
                                                                                         of business outcomes.            to internal KPIs, both business
                        of less than 3 years)           currently performance
                                                                                         Deferred equity acts as a        unit and corporate, over
                                                        rights, which is based on a
                                                                                         retention tool and aligns with   the medium term, which
                                                        performance assessment,
                                                                                         interests of shareholders.       are important drivers of
                                                        with a 1-year performance
                                                                                                                          value and typical within the
                                                        period and deferred vesting
                                                                                                                          biotechnology industry.
                                                        of a further one year, subject
                                                                                                                          For example, achievement
                                                        to continued employment.
                                                                                                                          of specified development,
                                                                                                                          clinical, regulatory and
                                                                                                                          commercial milestones.

                        Long-term incentives (LTI)      Equity                           Rewards executives for their     Vesting of grants are
                                                                                         contribution to the creation     dependent on internal
                        (Performance period             The equity instrument is
                                                                                         of shareholder value over        measures, both business unit
                        of 3 years or more)             currently performance
                                                                                         the longer term, acts as a       and corporate over the longer
                                                        rights with a 3-year
                                                                                         retention tool and aligns with   term; and total shareholder
                                                        performance period.
                                                                                         interests of shareholders.       return (TSR) relative to the
                                                                                                                          S&P/ASX300 Index.

                        The target remuneration mix is outlined in the diagrams below.

                        Target Remuneration Mix



                                                                                                LTI Equity
                                                                     Total Fixed                  30%
                                                                        35%
                        LTI Equity
                          40%
                                                                                                                       OTHER
                                                                                                                                             Total Fixed
                                                  CEO                                                                   KMP                     50%
                                                                                                                       EXEC

                                                                       STI                         STI
                                                                   Cash Bonus                  Cash Bonus
                                                                    & Equity                    & Equity
                                                                      25%                         20%


                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      34                                              Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        The STI and LTI components of remuneration are variable and are linked to pre-determined performance conditions, such as
                                                                                                                                                                  Report
                        KPIs, that are designed to reward executives based on the company’s performance, the performance of the relevant business
                        unit and demonstrated individual superior performance. The details are outlined in Section 5 of this report.

                        To achieve the target remuneration mix, the below performance pay structure was applied in FY24 and is consistent with the
                        prior year.


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                                       FIXED



                                       STI – CASH                    Performance                                                                                  Declaration
                                                                       Review




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                                                                     Performance                       Deferral
                                       STI – EQUITY                    Review                           Date
                         Face Value




                                                                                                                                                                  Statements
                         of Equity @
                          3−month
                          VWAP to
                                                                                                                                     Performance     Vesting
                           30 June     LTI – EQUITY                                                                                    Review         Date


                                             AGM Date (shareholder approval)




                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                         Apr – June             Year 1                                  Year 2                         Year 3
                                             July – June                              July – June                    July – June


                        (c) Details of executive equity incentive plans



                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                        Short-Term Incentives (STI) – includes cash bonus and short-term equity
                        The group operates an annual STI program available to executives comprised of cash and equity incentives. The STI is ‘at risk’
                        remuneration and subject to achieving clearly defined KPIs.

                        Who participates?                  Executives, comprising the CEO, Other KMP executives, and non-KMP executives.

                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’
                        How are STIs delivered?            Cash bonus and performance rights are both based on a 1-year performance period, with the
                                                           performance rights conditional upon a deferred vesting date of a further one year, subject to
                                                           continued employment.                                                                                  Declaration
                                                           Providing some rights that vest in the short term allows the company to preserve cash by offering
                                                           equity as a short-term incentive in addition to smaller cash bonuses. This is common practice for
                                                           companies at a similar stage of their lifecycle.
                                                           During FY24, the CEO and executives were awarded STI equity with a 1-year performance                  Independent
                                                           period (1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024), with a deferred vesting date of 30 June 2025 dependent
                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Report
                                                           on continued employment to the vesting date.

                        What is the STI opportunity? The CEO Cash STI opportunity for FY24 for Ms Maley was an amount of up to $70,000,
                                                     representing 25% of her Total Fixed Remuneration, on a full year basis. The award of STI for FY24
                                                     has been made on a pro-rata basis based on the achievement of Board approved KPIs.
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder
                                                           KMP executives were awarded STI equity for the 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 performance period
                                                                                                                                                                  Information
                                                           based on the achievement of their pre-determined KPIs.




                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                  Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                           35                                             Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy continued
                        (c) Details of executive equity incentive plans continued
                        Starpharma Short-Term Incentives (STI) – includes cash bonus and short-term equity continued
                        What are the STI              Actual STI payments awarded to each executive depend on the extent to which they meet
                        performance conditions        specific KPIs set at the beginning of the period. The KPIs are typical of a biotechnology company
                        for FY24?                     at Starpharma’s stage of development and may include corporate KPIs and business unit KPIs
                                                      relating to strategic and operational objectives. Details of the corporate KPIs for performance,
                                                      which were assessed during FY24, are explained in section 5 of the remuneration report. Given the
                                                      company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as earnings per share) are not entirely
                                                      relevant in linking pay to performance.
                                                      The proportion of performance measures applicable in determining STI awards for the CEO
                                                      and other executives are noted in the table below:




For personal use only
                                                                                       Corporate KPIs                    Business units KPIs

                                                      STI cash bonus                   CEO 100%                          Other executives 100%

                                                      STI performance rights           CEO 100%
                                                                                       Other executives 30%              Other executives 70%

                                                      Details regarding LTI performance conditions are contained on page 44.

                        How is performance            For the CEO, at the end of each performance period (typically annually), after consideration of
                        assessed?                     actual performance against KPIs, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends
                                                      for Board approval of the amount of STI to be paid from the maximum entitlement.
                                                      For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee seeks
                                                      recommendations from the CEO and then makes recommendations to the Board.

                        When is performance           The performance period aligns with the financial year. Performance is assessed following the
                        assessed and when are         end of the financial year to allow for timely disclosure of performance-related awards in the
                        awards paid or vested?        annual remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                      The STI cash component is paid approximately three months following the end of the financial year
                                                      and once the performance assessment review is complete.
                                                      For STI equity, a proportion of rights, based on the performance assessment, will be available
                                                      (deferred) to vest on 30 June of the following year, subject to continued employment at that date.
                                                      Any rights forfeited based on the performance assessment will be forfeited within the first three
                                                      months of the new financial year following the performance assessment.
                                                      Once performance rights have vested, executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares
                                                      during prescribed exercise windows throughout future periods. The Performance Rights Plan
                                                      was updated at the November 2023 AGM, so the maximum period for exercising vested rights is
                                                      now 5 years from the grant date.

                        Is performance against        Whilst the company’s policy is not to disclose commercially sensitive information, consistent with
                        KPIs disclosed?               best practice disclosure obligations, it will retrospectively disclose the achievement of corporate
                                                      KPIs to the extent commercially practicable.
                                                      Specific metrics are applied to each KPI to assist in the assessment undertaken for each
                                                      performance period. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events
                                                      and circumstances not envisaged when a KPI was set.

                        Contractual entitlement?      Only the CEO has an STI cash bonus entitlement, whereby the maximum amount achievable is set.
                                                      There is no predetermined STI equity entitlement. No other executive service agreements contain
                                                      any contractual entitlement to STI cash or equity.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     36                                               Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                 Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                 Report
                        What happens if                If an employee ceases employment, all unvested rights lapse. For a ‘good leaver’, the Board, at
                        an executive leaves?           its discretion, may pro-rata the vesting of performance rights up to the date the employment
                                                       agreement ends.
                                                       In certain circumstances, the Board may determine the accelerated vesting of rights if the



                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Independence
                                                       employee ceases employment due to death, illness, permanent disability, redundancy, or any other
                                                       exceptional circumstance approved by the Board. The Board determination is after considering
                                                       the portion of the performance period that has elapsed and the extent to which performance
                                                       conditions have been met.


                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        What happens on a              Board discretion, after considering the portion of the performance period that has elapsed
                        change of control?             and the extent to which performance conditions have been met.

                        What happens in the case       If, in the opinion of the Board, an employee has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may
                        of fraud/dishonesty?           determine that any unvested right granted to that employee, or any vested right, not exercised,




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Financial
                                                       would lapse.

                        Re-testing                     There is no re-testing of KPIs in subsequent years if performance conditions are not met.




                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
                        How is the conversion          The conversion of performance rights is currently satisfied by the issue of new shares, rather than a
                        of performance rights          purchase of shares on market, to conserve the company’s cash reserves. This is common practice
                        to shares satisfied?           for companies at a similar stage of their lifecycle. This is reviewed periodically, and purchases of
                                                       shares on market may be undertaken in the future if appropriate.

                        Are performance rights         Performance rights – whether unvested or vested and not exercised, are not eligible to receive
                        eligible for dividends?        dividends.


                        Long-Term Incentives (LTI) – Equity                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                        Participation in these plans is at the Board’s discretion. For key appointments, an initial allocation of long-term equity incentives
                        may be offered as a component of the initial employment agreement. The LTI is ‘at-risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving
                        the relevant KPIs.

                        Who participates?              Executives, comprising the CEO, Other KMP executives, and non-KMP executives.

                        How are LTIs delivered?        Performance rights with a performance/vesting period of 3 years or more. The LTI performance
                                                       rights awarded during FY24 have 3-year performance periods for all executives.                            Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        What is the LTI opportunity? The CEO’s LTI opportunity for FY24 was 40% of total remuneration. For Other KMP executives,
                                                     the LTI opportunity for FY24 was 30% of total remuneration.

                        What are the LTI               Corporate KPIs reflect long-term (3-year) strategic, operational and financial management
                        performance conditions         objectives. These relate to key value creating events and significant milestones that are linked
                                                                                                                                                                 Independent
                        for the performance            to Starpharma’s business areas. For the 3-year performance period to 30 June 2024, these were:
                        period to 30 June 2024?        • the monetisation of the VIRALEZE™, VivaGel® and DEP® drug delivery portfolios represented
                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                                                         by the generation of revenue, or value from assets sales(s), through the completion of a number
                                                         of commercial deals that build shareholder value; and
                                                       • optimisation of returns from VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® revenue, development of new DEP®
                                                         candidates, completion of specified DEP® clinical trials, and/or the licensing (and/or asset
                                                         sales) of DEP® candidates.                                                                              Shareholder

                                                       Due to the commercially sensitive nature of the specific performance metrics within these                 Information
                                                       KPIs, Starpharma will retrospectively disclose the achievement of corporate KPIs to the extent
                                                       commercially practicable in the Annual Report.
                                                       In maintaining the link between executive remuneration outcomes and the returns to shareholders,
                                                                                                                                                                 Intellectual
                                                       relative total shareholder return (TSR) is considered a relevant performance condition with
                                                       respect to LTIs. The relative TSR hurdle reflects Starpharma’s TSR compared to the S&P/ASX300

                                                                                                                                                                 Property Report
                                                       Accumulation Index (Index) and includes share price growth and any dividends and capital returns.
                                                       The Board has chosen this Index for the TSR comparator group as it provides an external, market-
                                                       based performance measure to which the company’s performance can be compared in relative
                                                       terms. The Index is considered appropriate as it provides a comparison of shareholder returns that
                                                       is relevant to investors and reflects the aspiration of the company.
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                 Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       37                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy continued
                        (c) Details of executive equity incentive plans continued
                        Starpharma Long-Term Incentives (LTI) – Equity continued
                        What are the LTI              The Board considers that the Index is a more appropriate comparator than a customised group
                        performance conditions        of peer companies due to the inherent volatility of each of these companies, typical within the
                        for the performance           biotechnology industry. In the past, the performance of Starpharma’s industry peers has been
                        period to 30 June 2024?       particularly volatile, with a number of companies experiencing significant decreases in market
                        continued                     capitalisation, and a number going through some type of corporate activity (e.g. takeovers) or
                                                      are no longer ASX listed. Given that the relative TSR is measured over a 3-year period, the Index
                                                      is favoured as a more stable and appropriate comparator. The published S&P/ASX 200
                                                      Healthcare Index was also considered as a possible comparator, however, it was determined to be
                                                      inappropriate given its concentrated composition, including CSL Limited and other large service




For personal use only
                                                      oriented companies, such as private hospitals. Each year, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                      Committee and the Board review the suitability of the Index as a comparator.
                                                      To achieve the full relative TSR performance condition, Starpharma’s TSR must achieve 10%
                                                      per annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index, which is considered a realistic stretch target.
                                                      The table below sets out the percentage of performance rights that will vest depending on the
                                                      company’s TSR compared to the Index over the relevant period.

                                                      Annualised Starpharma TSR compared                 Percentage of rights subject to the relative
                                                      with the Index                                     TSR performance condition which vest

                                                      Below Index                                        0%

                                                      Equal to Index                                     50%

                                                      Between Index and Index + 9.99%                    Pro rata basis from 51% to 99%

                                                      At least 10% per annum above Index                 100%
                                                      (or ≥ 30% over 3 years)


                                                      For example, if the TSR of the Index is 10% per annum, then Starpharma would need to achieve
                                                      a TSR of 20% per annum or more for all of the relative TSR-related performance rights to vest.
                                                      The above hurdle recognises the return that investors expect when investing in the biotechnology
                                                      sector. The Board considers an additional return of 10% per annum (or 30% over 3 years) above
                                                      the Index to be a realistic stretch target for all relative TSR rights to vest.
                                                      The performance measures applicable in determining LTI awards for the CEO and other executives
                                                      and the relative proportions are noted in the table below.

                                                                               Corporate KPIs            TSR                      Business unit KPIs

                                                      CEO                      70%                       30%                      N/A

                                                      Other executives         15%                       15%                      70%


                                                      For FY24, the Board considered 30% and 15% of LTI equity as the appropriate portion for relative
                                                      TSR for the CEO and other executives, respectively. In determining the percentages for FY24, the
                                                      Board considered input from investors and proxy advisers to arrive at a level that was considered
                                                      meaningful as a measure of performance, and sufficient to be relevant. Following a review of
                                                      the performance pay framework in FY24, the Board will increase the proportion of incentives
                                                      allocated to TSR in FY25 to further strengthen the alignment between executive performance pay
                                                      and shareholder returns.
                                                      The relative TSR performance measure does not allow for a portion of the award to vest at below
                                                      median performance, which is consistent with good market practice. Additionally, the Board
                                                      maintains absolute discretion in finalising remuneration outcomes for incentive-based awards to
                                                      the CEO and other executives. The Board may exercise its discretion (either up or down) to take into
                                                      account the impacts of external market conditions outside the control of management. The Board
                                                      is cognisant of ensuring fairness and that any exercise of discretion reinforces Starpharma’s strategy
                                                      and remuneration policy. Accordingly, in the event that the Index has performed particularly poorly,
                                                      the Board may exercise its discretion to prevent excessive executive awards in years of poor
                                                      shareholder returns.


                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     38                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                              Directors’

                                                                                                                                                              Report




                                                                                                                                                              Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                              Report
                        How is performance            At the end of each performance period, after consideration of actual performance against
                        assessed?                     KPIs, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends the amount of LTIs to vest
                                                      to the CEO for approval by the Board. For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and
                                                      Nomination Committee seeks recommendations from the CEO and then makes recommendations
                                                      to the Board.


                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Independence
                                                      Relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm with specialist expertise.

                        When is performance           The performance period aligns with the financial year. Performance is assessed following the end



                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                        assessed and when are         of the financial year to allow for the timely disclosure of performance-related awards in the annual
                        awards paid or vest?          remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                      For LTI equity, the rights will vest on 30 September following the performance assessment.
                                                      Once vested, executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed exercise
                                                      windows throughout future periods. Following changes to the company Performance Rights Plan




For personal use only
                                                      at the 2023 AGM, the maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is now 5 years from the


                                                                                                                                                              Consolidated Financial
                                                      grant date.

                        Is performance against        Same as for STI.


                                                                                                                                                              Statements
                        KPIs disclosed?

                        Contractual entitlement?      There are no predetermined LTI equity entitlements.

                        What happens if an            Same as for STI.
                        executive leaves?




                                                                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated
                        What happens on               Same as for STI.
                        a change of control?

                        What happens in the case      Same as for STI.



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                        of fraud/dishonesty?

                        Re-testing                    Same as for STI.

                        How is the conversion         Same as for STI.
                        of performance rights
                        to shares satisfied?

                        Are performance rights        Same as for STI.                                                                                        Directors’

                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                        eligible for dividends?




                                                                                                                                                              Independent


                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                              Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                              Information




                                                                                                                                                              Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                              Property Report




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate

                                                                                                                                                              Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     39                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        4. Executive Remuneration Policy continued
                        (d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY24
                        In FY24, the Board determined the number of rights granted for STI and LTI equity based on the face value of rights (see below)
                        and the target remuneration mix as set out on page 34.

                        Starpharma uses and reports face value for determining the allocation of equity as it provides transparency on the value of
                        the allocations compared with fair value. This practice reflects the increasingly accepted view by industry that presenting
                        remuneration equity at face value provides a more accurate representation of the true value of that equity and for users to
                        understand the value of these awards.

                        The face value of each right is based on the volume weighted average price (“VWAP”) of the company’s shares traded on the ASX
                        over the 3-month period to the beginning of the performance period. The 3-month period has been determined to be the appropriate
                        duration for the calculation of the VWAP as it limits any unintended consequences of short-term volatility in the company’s share price




For personal use only
                        and is consistent with the duration used in the calculation of TSR for the relative TSR performance condition.

                        The below table summarises the equity incentives granted to KMP executives in FY24:

                                                                                                                                 Number       Face value      Fair value
                        KMP           STI/LTI                                       Performance                                  of rights      of rights      of rights
                        executive     Equity         Performance period             condition              Vesting date          granted        granted1      granted2,3

                        C Maley       STI equity     8 Jan 2024 – 30 Jun 2024       Corporate KPIs         30 Jun 2025            398,725        $58,134        $61,802

                                      LTI equity     8 Jan 2024 – 30 Jun 2026       Corporate KPIs         30 Sep 2026           1,315,792      $191,842      $203,948

                                      LTI equity     8 Jan 2024 – 30 Jun 2026       TSR                    30 Sep 2026             563,911       $82,218        $64,063

                        J K Fairley   STI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 8 Jan 2024        Corporate KPIs         30 Jun 2025            667,441      $246,820         $90,105

                        J W Cahill    STI equity     5 Sep 2023 – 30 Jun 2025       Business unit and      30 Jun 2025            50,000         $10,680         $7,000
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      STI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2024       Business unit and      30 Jun 2025            139,750        $51,680         $19,565
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      LTI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2026       Business unit and      30 Sep 2026            475,150        $175,710        $66,521
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      LTI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2026       TSR                    30 Sep 2026            83,850         $31,008             $6,742

                        J R Paull     STI equity     5 Sep 2023 – 30 Jun 2025       Business unit and      30 Jun 2025           120,000         $25,632        $16,800
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      STI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2024       Business unit and      30 Jun 2025            139,750        $51,680         $19,565
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      LTI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2026       Business unit and      30 Sep 2026            475,150        $175,710        $66,521
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      LTI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2026       TSR                    30 Sep 2026            83,850         $31,008             $6,742

                        A Eglezos     STI equity     5 Sep 2023 – 30 Jun 2025       Business unit and      30 Jun 2025           120,000         $25,632        $16,800
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      STI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2024       Business unit and      30 Jun 2025            139,750        $51,680         $19,565
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      LTI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2026       Business unit and      30 Sep 2026            475,150        $175,710        $66,521
                                                                                    corporate KPIs

                                      LTI equity     1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2026       TSR                    30 Sep 2026            83,850         $31,008             $6,742

                        1. Based on 3-month VWAP to the beginning of the performance period.
                        2. The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the AGM date when shareholders approved the grant of the rights.
                        3. The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the date when the performance rights were granted.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                             40                                                     Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration
                        5. KMP Executive Remuneration Outcomes, Including Link to Performance
                        Given the company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as profitability) are not necessarily an appropriate measure                         Report
                        of executive performance. The company’s remuneration policy aligns executive rewards with the interests of shareholders.
                        The primary focus is on growth in shareholder value through the achievement of development, regulatory and commercial
                        milestones, and therefore performance goals are not necessarily linked to typical financial performance measures utilised


                                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                        by companies operating in other market segments. However, the Board recognises that share price performance is clearly
                        relevant to the extent that it reflects shareholder returns, and as such, Starpharma’s TSR relative to the S&P/ASX300 Index is
                        used as a relevant metric for portions of executive equity awards. Details of share price, earnings and the impact of share price



                                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                        performance on the vesting of certain performance rights over the last 5 years are detailed in the table below. No dividends have
                        been paid in the last 5 years.

                                                                                                       FY24          FY23             FY22          FY21             FY20

                        Closing share price 30 June                                                   $0.10          $0.31           $0.74          $1.50             $1.13




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                        Share price high                                                              $0.43          $0.85           $1.55          $2.52            $1.43

                        Share price low                                                               $0.09          $0.27           $0.62          $1.02            $0.62



                                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                        Profit/(Loss) for the year ($M)                                                 (8.2)         (15.6)          (16.2)            (19.7)        (14.7)

                        Number of performance rights forfeited by CEO based on
                        share price performance for the period ending 30 June (or
                        otherwise in the FY)                                                         118,406        191,152         161,039        22,293                –

                        % of performance rights forfeited by CEO based on share


                                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                        price performance (as a percentage of total performance
                        rights) for the period ending 30 June (or otherwise in the FY)                  15%           22%             25%                3%            0%




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                        Fixed remuneration
                        The increases in the total fixed remuneration package for individual KMP executives were between 2% and 5% for the year.

                        Performance-related pay
                        In the assessment of STI and LTI KPIs for the performance period ended 30 June 2024, the Board took into account the significant
                        achievements obtained in the performance periods and the effort and dedication required to accomplish these milestones.                                Directors’
                        The percentages of STI and LTI award for Dr Fairley and Ms Maley are different due to the transitional nature of the roles, the
                        difference in remuneration package for Ms Maley, and the emphasis the Board placed on achievement of certain objectives                                Declaration
                        noted on page 42. These achievements include those listed on pages 43 and 45. The summaries of STI and LTI awards in the
                        sections below exclude J R Paull and A Eglezos, who are no longer classified as KMP from January 2024.


                                                                                                                                                                               Independent
                        Short-term incentives (STI)
                        Summary of STI performance pay related to FY24:

                        STI cash awarded                                                                                                                                       Auditor’s Report

                                                                                    Performance                  Maximum cash           Cash bonus
                                              Performance period                    condition                   bonus available           awarded                % awarded

                        C Maley   1
                                              8 Jan 2024 – 30 Jun 2024              KPIs                              $70,000              $56,000                    80%      Shareholder

                        J K Fairley           1 Jul 2023 – 8 Jan 2024               KPIs                             $183,995             $103,037                    56%      Information
                                                                                                                                2



                        J W Cahill3           1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2024              KPIs                                   N/A4               $67,000                 N/A4



                                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual
                        1. C Maley also received a $45,000 sign-on cash bonus in FY24.
                        2. J K Fairley retired as CEO on 8 January 2024. Her maximum cash bonus available to be awarded was prorated for FY24, based on period of service.


                                                                                                                                                                               Property Report
                        3. In addition to the performance-based cash bonus of $67,000, J Cahill is eligible for a cash-based retention payment of $50,000, payable
                           in October 2024, on the condition of continued employment.
                        4. Executives other than the CEO do not have a pre-specified maximum cash bonus entitlement for FY24; however, bonuses are awarded from
                           a target shared pool for executives. A maximum cash bonus is applicable for all executives for FY25.


                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                             41                                                        Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        5. KMP Executive Remuneration Outcomes, Including Link to Performance continued
                        Short-term incentives (STI) continued
                        STI equity                                                  Performance                   Maximum STI             STI rights
                        awarded               Performance period                    condition                  rights available           awarded           % awarded

                        C Maley               8 Jan 2024 – 30 Jun 2024              KPIs                               398,725              318,980                80%

                        J K Fairley           1 Jul 2023 – 8 Jan 2024               KPIs                               762,789   1
                                                                                                                                            427,162                 56%

                        J W Cahill            1 Jul 2023 – 30 Jun 2024              KPIs                               139,750               112,583                81%

                        1. J K Fairley retired as CEO on 8 January 2024. Her maximum STI rights available to be awarded was prorated based on period of service.

                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined the above STI performance assessment for the




For personal use only
                        performance period 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024, based on the annual review of actual performance against predetermined
                        corporate and business unit KPIs. These targets were set by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board
                        at the beginning of the performance period and align with the company’s strategic, operational and financial objectives.
                        STI equity awards for the CEO in FY24 were based on the assessed scorecard measures and weightings as disclosed below.

                                                                                                                                                 Performance period
                                                                                                                                                       1 July 2023 to
                        STI performance assessment                                                                                                     30 June 2024

                        Performance category            Metric                                                                                               Weighting

                        Development, registration       Continue commercial roll-out of VIRALEZE™ and further development
                        and commercialisation           activities to support regulatory and marketing activities and sales, including
                        of VIRALEZE™                    completing the post-market study.                                                                           9%

                        Regulatory and                  Secure distribution rights from Mundipharma, sign distribution agreements
                        commercialisation               for new and existing markets, and optimise returns.
                        activities for VivaGel® BV                                                                                                                  11%

                        Development and                 Progress internal clinical DEP® programs through Phase II clinical
                        commercialisation of            development (or sign a licence, as appropriate) with a focus on expediting
                        internal DEP® assets            outcomes and building value, which may be through additional indications
                                                        and/or combinations.
                                                        Identify and advance additional internal DEP® product candidates through
                                                        preclinical development.
                                                        Secure new DEP® partnered programs and support and further develop
                                                        existing partnered DEP® programs and/or expanded field/products
                                                        and/or progress with new partnering deals/licences.                                                         41%

                        Strategy Review, Capital        Undertake a forensic review of Company Strategy and update strategic
                        management, culture             direction of the organisation. Manage the company’s finances in a prudent
                        and leadership                  manner to create value, increase recurrent revenues, maintain and enhance
                                                        the reputation for corporate responsibility and effectively manage
                                                        organisational culture and people to achieve superior performance.                                          39%

                                                                                                                                                                   100%




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                             42                                                     Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                             Directors’

                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration
                        In making this STI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors,
                                                                                                                                                             Report
                        with other commercially sensitive matters also taken into account.
                        • VIRALEZE™ regulatory and commercial activities, including:
                          – Completed the post-market clinical study of VIRALEZE™ in COVID-19-positive patients in November 2023, generating
                            valuable clinical data to support the requirements for the transition to the new European Medical Device Regulations


                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Independence
                            (EU MDR), which will come into full effect in 2029, as well as ongoing marketing efforts.
                          – Advanced the application process for marketing authorisation in Australia.



                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                          – Continued to market VIRALEZE™ online through dedicated product webstores and Amazon UK in regions where the product
                            has already achieved registration.
                        • VivaGel® BV regulatory and commercial activities, including:
                          – Successfully achieved regulatory certification of VivaGel® BV under the new EU MDR in June 2024. Certification under
                            the EU MDR gives renewed certainty about the status of VivaGel® BV in Europe and is an important factor for potential




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial
                            commercial partners in this region.
                          – Successfully negotiated an exit from the VivaGel® BV license with Mundipharma. Under the settlement agreement,
                            Starpharma regained commercial distribution rights to Mundipharma’s licensed territories and received a one-time cash


                                                                                                                                                             Statements
                            payment of $6.6M AUD from Mundipharma.
                          – Secured a sales and distribution agreement for the Middle East and North Africa Region with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group,
                            following the reversion of distribution rights from Mundipharma.
                          – Outcome of the VivaGel® BV formal dispute resolution process with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).




                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated
                        • Internal clinical-stage DEP® assets, including:
                          – Completed all three Phase II DEP® clinical programs, generating clinical validation of Starpharma’s DEP® technology
                            in drug delivery and cancer treatment.




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                          – Reported the final results from the DEP® SN38 (DEP® irinotecan) clinical program in May 2024. These clinical results were
                            presented as an oral presentation at the highly competitive and world-renowned American Society of Clinical Oncology
                            (ASCO) Annual Meeting in June 2024. Earlier, in September 2023, interim data from the DEP® SN38 clinical study were
                            presented at the International Conference on Molecular Targets and Cancer Therapeutics, co-hosted by the American
                            Association of Cancer Research (AACR), National Cancer Institute (NCI) and European Organisation for Research and
                            Treatment of Cancer (EORTC).
                          – Reported the final results from the Phase II DEP® cabazitaxel study in October 2023. These results were presented in an oral     Directors’
                            presentation at the ASCO Annual Meeting in June 2024. Data on the efficacy of DEP® cabazitaxel in gastro-oesophageal
                            cancers were also presented at the ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium in January 2024.                                      Declaration

                          – Reported the final results from the DEP® docetaxel clinical program, which involved monotherapy and combination therapy
                            arms, in December 2023.

                                                                                                                                                             Independent
                        • Develop the preclinical DEP® pipeline:
                          – Progressed internal DEP® development candidates, including DEP® radiopharmaceuticals and DEP® antibody-drug

                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Report
                            conjugates (ADCs), through preclinical research.
                          – Reported the results of a preclinical study showing the benefits of Starpharma’s DEP® technology in radiodiagnostics
                            for cancer imaging applications in July 2023, and in May 2024, announced plans to advance the radiodiagnostic candidate
                            towards a first-in-human clinical study.
                          – Delivered presentations on the advantages of Starpharma’s dendrimer technology in radiopharmaceuticals at multiple               Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                             Information
                            international industry conferences, including the AACR-NCI-EORTC International Conference of Molecular Targets and
                            Cancer Therapeutics in October 2023, the Targeted Radiopharmaceuticals Summit in Berlin in December 2023, and the
                            Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI) Annual Meeting in June 2024.



                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                             Property Report




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate

                                                                                                                                                             Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      43                                             Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        5. KMP Executive Remuneration Outcomes, Including Link to Performance continued
                        Short-term incentives (STI) continued
                        • Progressed existing and cultivated new partnered DEP® programs, including:
                          – Executed a new strategic partnership with Medicxi, a leading life sciences investment firm, to form Petalion Therapeutics.
                            This partnership is focused on developing a novel cancer therapy leveraging Starpharma’s dendrimer technology and
                            dendrimer science expertise.
                          – Continued existing partnered DEP® research programs, including MSD and Genentech. In these partnerships, Starpharma
                            provides dendrimer chemistry expertise and develops functionalised dendrimers for its partners to test.
                          – Partnered with the University of Queensland’s Hub for Advanced Manufacture of Targeted Radiopharmaceuticals
                            (AMTAR Hub) in July 2023, to advance the research and development of Starpharma’s targeted DEP® radiopharmaceuticals.
                          – Undertook business development activities and commercial discussions with new potential partners for DEP® drug delivery




For personal use only
                            programs in a number of research areas, including oncology and non-oncology areas, ADCs, and radiotheranostics.

                        Long-term incentives (LTI)
                        Summary of LTI performance pay related to FY24:

                        LTI equity                                                  Performance                   Maximum LTI             LTI rights
                        awarded               Performance period                    condition                  rights available           awarded           % awarded

                        J K Fairley1          1 Jul 2021 – 30 Jun 2024              KPIs                                245,614              73,684                30%

                                              1 Jul 2021 – 30 Jun 2024              TSR                                105,263                      –               0%

                                              1 Jul 2022 – 30 Jun 2025              KPIs                               354,203               35,420                 10%

                                              1 Jul 2022 – 30 Jun 2025              TSR                                 151,803                     –               0%

                        1. J K Fairley retired as CEO on 8 January 2024. Her maximum LTI rights available to be awarded was prorated based on period of service.

                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined the above award of LTI incentives for the performance
                        period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024 and 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025, based on the annual review of actual performance against
                        predetermined corporate KPIs and TSR performance. These targets were set by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                        and the Board at the beginning of the performance period and align with the company’s strategic, operational and financial
                        objectives. LTI equity awards for the CEO in FY24 were based on the assessed scorecard measures, weightings and TSR,
                        as disclosed below.

                                                                                                                                                  Performance period
                                                                                                                                                         1 July 2021 to
                        LTI performance assessment                                                                                                      30 June 2024

                        Performance category Metric                                                                                                          Weighting

                        Financial KPIs for          Monetisation of the VIRALEZE™, VivaGel® and DEP® Drug Delivery portfolios                                      40%
                        VIRALEZE™, VivaGel®         represented by the generation of revenue, or value from asset sale(s), through
                        BV and DEP®                 the completion of a number of commercial deals that build shareholder value.

                        Business KPIs for           Optimisation of returns from VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® revenue, represented                                       30%
                        VIRALEZE™, VivaGel®         by programs to maximise product returns to Starpharma; development of new
                        and DEP®                    DEP® candidates; completion of specified DEP® clinical trials; and/or licensing
                                                    (and/or asset sales) of DEP® candidates.

                        Relative TSR                Starpharma’s TSR compared to the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index over                                      30%
                                                    a 3-year period.

                                                                                                                                                                   100%




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                             44                                                      Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                             Directors’

                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration
                        In making this LTI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors,
                                                                                                                                                             Report
                        with other commercially sensitive matters not disclosed also taken into account.
                          – Expanded the commercial availability of VIRALEZE™ nasal spray in Europe, Vietnam, the UK, Hong Kong and Macau, including
                            through online and retail channels.
                          – Signed sales and distribution arrangements for VIRALEZE™ nasal spray with commercial partners in the UK, Italy, Vietnam,


                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Independence
                            the Middle East, Hong Kong and Macau.
                          – Commenced and completed the VIRALEZE™ post-marketing study in the UK, generating valuable clinical data to support
                            the transition to the new EU MDR, which will come into effect in 2029.


                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                          – Generated additional preclinical data on SPL7013 and VIRALEZE™, demonstrating their effects in multiple strains of
                            SARS-CoV-2 in laboratory studies.
                          – Generated and reported tolerability data on VIRALEZE™ from a clinical study completed in Australia.
                          – Achieved new registrations of both VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® BV.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial
                          – Successfully achieved regulatory certification of VivaGel® BV under the new EU MDR in June 2024. Certification under
                            the EU MDR gives renewed certainty about the status of VivaGel® BV in Europe and is an important factor for potential
                            commercial partners in this region.


                                                                                                                                                             Statements
                          – Successfully negotiated an exit from the VivaGel® BV license with Mundipharma. Under the settlement agreement,
                            Starpharma regained commercial distribution rights to Mundipharma’s licensed territories and received a one-time cash
                            payment of $6.6M AUD from Mundipharma.
                          – Secured a sales and distribution agreement for the Middle East and North Africa Region with ITROM Pharmaceutical Group,
                            following the reversion of distribution rights from Mundipharma.


                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated
                          – Completed the VivaGel® BV formal dispute resolution process with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
                          – VivaGel® BV commercialisation expanded with new product launches in additional countries in Asia and Africa. A new VivaGel®
                            condom range was launched by Okamoto in Japan, targeting youth demographics.


                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                          – Completed all three in-house Phase II DEP® clinical trials of DEP® SN38, DEP® cabazitaxel, and DEP® docetaxel, and
                            reported the final results from all programs. Undertook ongoing commercial discussions with potential licensees
                            for each product.
                          – Presented the Phase II clinical trial results of DEP® SN38 and DEP® cabazitaxel at notable industry conferences, including
                            ASCO and AACR.
                          – Expanded the market potential for all internal clinical-stage DEP® candidates by adding new indications and progressing          Directors’

                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                            value-adding combination studies to Phase II trials for: DEP® docetaxel plus gemcitabine and DEP® SN38 plus 5-FU/
                            leucovorin (‘FOLFIRI’).
                          – Developed and progressed DEP® radiotheranostic candidates, targeted and untargeted, including DEP® lutetium, DEP®
                            HER2-lutetium and DEP® zirconium, through preclinical research. Generated and released data highlighting the benefits

                                                                                                                                                             Independent
                            of DEP® applied to radiotheranostics.
                          – Developed and progressed DEP® ADCs candidates. Generated and reported data showcasing the benefits afforded

                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Report
                            by DEP® in ADCs.
                          – Completed the preclinical development activities for DEP® gemcitabine.
                          – Partnered with Medicxi, a leading life sciences investment firm, to form Petalion Therapeutics. Starpharma will license
                            background intellectual property (IP) to develop a DEP® cancer therapy. Medicxi will contribute up to £20M to fund the
                            development of the asset, and in return for licensing its background IP, Starpharma will receive a 22.5% equity position         Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                             Information
                            in Petalion.
                          – Signed and commenced two DEP® Research Agreements with MSD whereby Starpharma designs and synthesises
                            dendrimer-based ADCs and DEP® dendrimer conjugates and provides them to MSD for testing and characterisation.
                          – Signed and commenced a new DEP® Research Agreement with Genentech to evaluate DEP® drug conjugates and

                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual
                            expanded the DEP® Agreement within six months to include an additional DEP® program.
                          – Supported AstraZeneca’s development of AZD0466. AstraZeneca significantly expanded the clinical program for its
                                                                                                                                                             Property Report
                            DEP® product, AZD0466, during the period. However, on 31 July 2023, Starpharma announced that AstraZeneca had made
                            the decision to discontinue the development of AZD0466, following an internal review of their haematology portfolio.
                            AstraZeneca confirmed the asymptomatic events leading to these decisions were not related to the dendrimer component
                            of AZD0466. Starpharma’s DEP® Licence Agreement with AstraZeneca remains in place.
                                                                                                                                                             Corporate

                                                                                                                                                             Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    45                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        5. KMP Executive Remuneration Outcomes, Including Link to Performance continued
                        Short-term incentives (STI) continued
                        TSR Assessment
                        The company’s total shareholder return (TSR) was benchmarked against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the
                        three-year performance period ending 30 June 2024. The company’s annualised TSR for the period was (60.2%) compared to
                        the S&P/ASX300 Index’s annualised TSR of 2.0%. As a result, 0% of rights subject to the TSR performance condition vested based
                        on the prescribed sliding scale on page 38. The TSR calculations were performed by an independent professional services firm.

                        The table below provides a summary of the achievement of annualised TSR performance.

                                                                                                                           3 years to         3 years to
                        Performance period                                                                             30 June 2024       30 June 2023




For personal use only
                        Starpharma annualised TSR                                                                            (60.2%)             (29.9%)

                        Index annualised TSR                                                                                   2.0%                6.7%

                        Starpharma over/(under) performance of Index (annualised over 3 years)                               (62.2%)             (36.6%)

                        % of relative TSR awarded                                                                                0%                 0%



                        6. Details of Remuneration
                        Non-executive director remuneration
                        The below table details the remuneration for the non-executive directors in FY24 and FY23.

                                                                                                         Base and
                                                                                                      committee
                                                                                                  fees (excluding
                                                                                                 superannuation)     Superannuation                Total
                        Non-executive directors                           Financial Year                        $                 $                   $

                        R B Thomas                                        2024                           123,377              13,571            136,948
                        Chairman
                                                                          2023                            121,267             12,733           134,000

                        R Basser   1
                                                                          2024                            69,405               7,635            77,040

                                                                          2023                            24,442               2,566             27,008

                        D J McIntyre                                      2024                            83,039                   –            83,039

                                                                          2023                            81,000                   –             81,000

                        L Cheng                                           2024                            79,765               8,774            88,539

                                                                          2023                             75,581              7,936             83,517

                        J R Davies                                        2024                            69,405               7,635            77,040

                                                                          2023                            67,873                7,127           75,000

                        Z Peach2                                          2024                                  –                  –                   –

                                                                          2023                             32,212              3,382             35,594

                        Total non-executive directors                     2024                           424,991              37,615           462,606

                                                                          2023                           402,375              33,744             436,119

                        1. Z Peach resigned from the Board on 29 November 2022.
                        2. R Basser was appointed to the Board on 20 February 2023.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        46                                           Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration
                        KMP executive remuneration (statutory disclosure)
                        The below table details of the remuneration for the KMP executives in FY24 and FY23.                                                                   Report

                                                                                                             Post-         Termi-         Long    Share-
                                                                                                           employ-         nation       service    based



                                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                                                                        Short-term benefits                  ment        benefits6       leave7 payments

                                                                                            Non-                                                     Perfor-
                                                                  Salary          Cash monetary      Super-                                          mance


                                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                                                     Financial and fees2        bonus3,4 benefits5 annuation                                          rights3          Total
                        KMP executives1              Year              $              $         $          $                     $             $           $              $

                        C Maley8                     2024         244,086       101,000        53,735        13,700              –          422       62,821     475,764
                        CEO & Managing
                        Director                     2023                 –             –              –             –           –             –            –             –




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                        J K Fairley 9
                                                     2024         287,889       103,037        22,797         14,215      155,607        4,023       (75,529)    512,039
                        CEO & Managing
                        Director                     2023          534,289      140,850          41,115      25,296              –       15,593       313,601   1,070,744


                                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                        J W Cahill10                 2024         288,478       117,000                –     27,399              –           513      30,768      464,158
                        CFO & Company
                        Secretary                    2023           71,250      50,000                 –       6,324             –           123            –      127,697

                        N J Baade   11
                                                     2024                 –             –              –             –           –             –            –             –



                                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                        CFO & Company
                        Secretary                    2023          186,699              –       18,294        18,972      109,353              –            5     333,323

                        A Eglezos                    2024         140,902       30,000           3,467       13,700              –        5,542      56,089      249,700



                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                        VP Business
                        Development                  2023          266,873       73,000          7,260       25,296              –         7,091      141,895      521,415

                        J R Paull                    2024          144,475       21,500          10,111      13,700              –        7,394      63,503      260,683
                        VP Development &
                        Regulatory Affairs           2023          229,994       75,000        44,909        34,296              –        9,298      167,099     560,596

                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                        Total KMP executives         2024       1,105,830       372,537         90,110       82,714       155,607        17,894      137,652 1,962,344

                                                     2023        1,289,105      338,850         111,578      110,184      109,353        32,105      622,600     2,613,775     Declaration


                        1.   For the reasons explained in Section 1 of the Remuneration Report, the Board has assessed J R Paull and A Eglezos as no longer being KMP from
                             January 2024. Accordingly, the above table presents their remuneration for H1 FY24.

                                                                                                                                                                               Independent
                        2. Executives may elect to salary sacrifice part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary and fees represents gross salary earned less
                           any salary sacrifice amounts. The two forms of salary sacrifice in FY24 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use


                                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report
                           of a car park. These amounts are reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary and fees may vary from one year to the
                           next, depending on the elections chosen.
                        3. All performance-related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted, are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component
                           of total remuneration. As required by the Accounting Standards, share-based payments relate to the fair value of the performance rights
                           (which may include performance rights granted in prior years), rather than their face value. Where share-based payments expense is a negative

                                                                                                                                                                               Shareholder
                           number, this reflects the reversal of prior year expensing on the forfeiture of performance rights.
                        4. The cash bonus reported includes FY24 performance related bonuses, and a retention payment of $50,000 for J W Cahill (to be paid in FY25),

                                                                                                                                                                               Information
                           as well as a $45,000 sign-on bonus (already paid to C Maley on commencement). For J R Paull and A Eglezos the cash bonus reported relates
                           to FY24 performance accrued during H1 FY24.
                        5. In addition to any salary sacrifice amounts for KMP executives, non-monetary benefits include one-off relocation and temporary
                           accommodation costs of $52,688 for C Maley, who relocated from Sydney for the role in FY24.


                                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual
                        6. After a CEO transition period between January and March 2024, J K Fairley remained available until June 2024 (end of notice period) in an
                           as-needed advisory capacity. Services during the as-needed advisory period were not deemed substantive, and therefore payments
                           to the end of the notice period have been disclosed as termination benefits in FY24.

                                                                                                                                                                               Property Report
                             Termination benefits in FY23 relate to N J Baade’s annual leave and long service leave entitlements upon resignation.
                        7. Long service leave relates to amounts accrued during the year.
                        8. C Maley was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024.
                        9. J K Fairley retired as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024.
                        10. J W Cahill commenced employment on 3 April 2023.                                                                                                   Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                               Directory
                        11. N J Baade resigned on 31 March 2023.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                               47                                                     Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        6. Details of Remuneration continued
                        Details of KMP executive remuneration mix
                        The relative proportions of KMP executive remuneration for FY24 that are linked to performance and those that are fixed are
                        as follows:

                                                                                  Fixed           At risk –         At risk –        At risk –           At risk –
                                                                           remuneration           STI cash        STI equity         STI total         LTI equity

                        CEO                             Target                       35%                                                 25%                40%

                        C Maley                         Actual                       72%                 13%             4%               17%                 11%

                        J K Fairley                     Actual                       64%              20%               16%              36%                  0%

                        Other KMP executives            Target                       50%                                                 20%                30%




For personal use only
                        J W Cahill                      Actual                       76%                 16%             2%               18%                 6%

                        J R Paull                       Actual                       68%                 8%              6%               14%                18%

                        T Egelzos                       Actual                       65%                 12%             6%               18%                17%


                        Details of remuneration: cash bonuses, shares, and performance rights
                        For each cash bonus and grant of equity included in the tables on pages 47 to 51, the percentage of the available bonus or grant
                        that was paid, or that vested, in the financial year, and the percentage that was forfeited because the person did not meet the
                        service and performance objectives, is set out below. Performance rights vest over the specified periods provided vesting
                        criteria are met. No rights will vest if the conditions are not satisfied, hence, the minimum value of the rights yet to vest is nil. The
                        maximum value of the rights yet to vest has been determined as the amount of the grant date fair value of the rights that is yet to
                        be expensed. KMP Executives were awarded a percentage of their maximum cash bonus entitlement as per the table on page 41.

                                                                                                                                   Performance rights

                                                    Grant date
                                                   fair value of                                                                                       Maximum
                                                rights granted                                                              Financial years            fair value
                                                 during 20241,2     Financial year              Vested         Forfeited    in which rights           yet to vest
                        Name                                   $         granted                    %                 %          may vest                       $

                        C Maley                        330,036               2024                  0%               20%                FY25               33,481

                                                                             2024                  0%                 0%               FY27              221,374

                        J K Fairley                      90,105              2024                  0%               36%                FY25                7,053

                                                                             2023                  0%                47%               FY24                     –

                                                                             2023                  0%                96%               FY25                 1,204

                                                                              2022                 0%                81%               FY25                9,074

                                                                              2021                36%               64%                FY24                     –

                        J W Cahill                       99,828              2024                  0%                19%               FY25               10,673




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        48                                                    Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                               Report
                                                                                                                                            Performance rights

                                                      Grant date
                                                     fair value of                                                                                             Maximum
                                                  rights granted                                                                    Financial years            fair value



                                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                                                   during 20241,2       Financial year               Vested           Forfeited     in which rights           yet to vest
                        Name                                     $           granted                     %                   %           may vest                       $

                                                                                  2024                  0%                   0%                 FY27              50,734


                                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                                                                                  2024                  0%                   0%                 FY25                3,848

                        J R Paull                         109,628                 2024                  0%                  32%                 FY25                3,514

                                                                                  2024                  0%                   0%                 FY27              50,734




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                                                                                  2024                  0%                   0%                 FY25                9,235

                                                                                  2023                  0%                  30%                 FY24                     –




                                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                                                                                  2023                  0%                   0%                 FY26                62,115

                                                                                  2022                  0%                  43%                 FY25                 7,147

                                                                                  2021                 66%                  34%                 FY24                     –

                        A Eglezos                         109,628                 2024                  0%                  43%                 FY25                1,460



                                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                                                                                  2024                  0%                   0%                 FY27              50,734

                                                                                  2024                  0%                   0%                 FY25                9,235




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                                                                  2023                  0%                  39%                 FY24                     –

                                                                                  2023                  0%                   0%                 FY26              56,866

                                                                                  2022                  0%                  47%                 FY25                6,130

                                                                                  2021                 63%                  37%                 FY24                     –

                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                        1. The value at grant date calculated in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payments of performance rights granted during the year as part
                           of remuneration.                                                                                                                                    Declaration
                        2. The maximum value of performance rights is determined at grant date and is amortised over the applicable vesting period. The amount which will
                           be included in a given KMP executive’s remuneration for a given year is consistent with this amortised amount. No performance rights will vest if
                           the conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value yet to vest is nil.


                        Details of related party transactions                                                                                                                  Independent


                                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report
                        Subsidiary, Starpharma Pty Ltd, paid $9,028 for consulting services in FY24 to Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence Pty Ltd,
                        which Starpharma non-executive director Dr Jeff Davies is also a director and shareholder. The consulting services were provided
                        by principals other than Dr Jeff Davies and were on normal commercial terms.

                        There are no other related party transactions with KMP that are not otherwise disclosed within this remuneration report.
                                                                                                                                                                               Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                               Information




                                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                               Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                             49                                                      Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        7. KMP Executive Employment Agreements
                        Major provisions of the agreements relating to remuneration are set out below for KMP executives who are employed at the date
                        of this report.

                                                                    C Maley                                     J W Cahill

                        Agreement term                              No fixed term                               No fixed term

                        Base salary per annum,                      $550,000                                    $315,877
                        inclusive of superannuation

                        STI cash bonus                              Up to $70,000 for FY24, on the              STI cash bonus payable subject to personal
                                                                    achievement of predetermined KPIs           and company achievement against Board
                                                                                                                approved performance objectives
                                                                    $45,000 sign-on bonus payable upon




For personal use only
                                                                    commencement on 8 January 2024

                        STI and LTI equity                          Participates in STI and LTI equity plan,    Participates in STI and LTI equity plan
                                                                    subject to receiving any required or
                                                                    appropriate shareholder approval


                        The termination provisions for C Maley and J W Cahill are as follows:

                                                                 Payment in
                                             Notice period       lieu of notice       Treatment of equity STI            Treatment of LTI

                        Resignation          CEO – 6 Months      Yes                  Unvested awards forfeited          Unvested awards forfeited
                                             CFO – 3 months

                        Termination          None                None                 Unvested awards forfeited          Unvested awards forfeited
                        for cause

                        Termination          CEO – 6 months      CEO – 6 months       Unvested awards lapse unless       Unvested awards lapse unless
                        without cause,                           payment in lieu      the Board determines otherwise     the Board determines otherwise
                                             CFO – 3 months
                        including                                of notice            after considering the portion of   after considering the portion of
                        redundancy                                                    the performance period that has    the performance period that has
                                                                 CFO – 3 months
                                                                                      elapsed and the extent to which    elapsed and the extent to which
                                                                 payment in lieu
                                                                                      performance conditions have        performance conditions have
                                                                 of notice
                                                                                      been met. Vesting of the rights    been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                      may be accelerated in this case.   may be accelerated in this case.

                        Termination in       N/A                 N/A                  Unvested awards lapse, unless      Unvested awards lapse, unless
                        cases of death,                                               the Board determines otherwise     the Board determines otherwise
                        disablement                                                   after considering the portion of   after considering the portion of
                        or other cause                                                the performance period that has    the performance period that has
                        approved by                                                   elapsed and the extent to which    elapsed and the extent to which
                        the Board                                                     performance conditions have        performance conditions have
                                                                                      been met. Vesting of the rights    been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                      may be accelerated in this case.   may be accelerated in this case.


                        There are no loans or other transactions to the KMP executives.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       50                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                            Report




                                                                                                                                                                            Remuneration
                        8. KMP Equity Holdings
                                                                                                                                                                            Report
                        Ordinary shares
                        The table below sets out the movements in shares held directly or indirectly by KMP during the year.




                                                                                                                                                                            Auditor’s Independence
                        2024                                                                                       On exercise of
                                                                                               Granted during       performance
                                                                         Balance at the            the year as      rights during Other changes         Balance at the
                        Name                                           start of the year       compensation              the year during the year1     end of the year


                                                                                                                                                                            Declaration
                        Non-executive directors

                        R B Thomas                                             950,000                       –                  –         950,000           1,900,000

                        D J McIntyre                                              16,240                     –                  –                  –             16,240




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                            Consolidated Financial
                        L Cheng                                                 60,000                       –                  –          110,555             170,555

                        J R Davies                                              50,000                       –                  –          879,687             929,687



                                                                                                                                                                            Statements
                        R Basser                                                        –                    –                  –            71,428              71,428

                        KMP executives

                        C Maley2                                                        –                    –                  –         125,000              125,000

                        J K Fairley   3
                                                                             4,055,434                       –                  –                  –        4,055,434



                                                                                                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated
                        J W Cahill   4
                                                                                        –                    –                  –                  –                    –

                        J R Paull5                                                41,106                     –                  –                  –             41,106



                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
                        A Eglezos5                                              267,542                      –                  –           18,285             285,827

                        1. Other changes relate to purchases of shares on-market.
                        2. C Maley was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024.
                        3. J K Fairley retired as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024.

                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’
                        4. J W Cahill commenced as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary on 3 April 2023.
                        5. For the reasons explained in Section 1 of the Remuneration Report, J R Paul and A Eglezos are no longer assessed as KMP from January 2024.
                                                                                                                                                                            Declaration
                        Performance rights
                        The table below sets out the movements in rights over ordinary shares held by KMP during the year.

                        2024                                          Granted                                    Other                    Vested and                        Independent
                                                       Balance at    during the                Exercised      changes        Balance at   exercisable
                                                                                                                                                                            Auditor’s Report
                                                      the start of      year as                during the    during the      the end of    at the end             Total
                        Name                             the year compensation                       year         year1        the year    of the year        unvested

                        KMP executives

                                                                                                                                                                            Shareholder
                        C Maley2                                 –        2,278,428                      –             –     2,278,428                 –     2,278,428

                                                                                                                                                                            Information
                        J K Fairley   3
                                                       6,280,125             667,441                     –       (514,918)   6,432,648      4,458,798        1,973,850

                        J W Cahill   4
                                                                 –           748,750                     –             –       748,750                 –       748,750

                        J R Paull5                    2,026,224              818,750                     –       (88,994)    2,755,980     1,530,030         1,225,950

                                                                                                                                                                            Intellectual
                        A Eglezos5                     1,787,290             818,750                     –       (93,740)    2,512,300      1,320,750         1,191,550


                                                                                                                                                                            Property Report
                        1. Other changes during the year relate to the forfeiture of rights.
                        2. C Maley was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024.
                        3. J K Fairley retired as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director on 8 January 2024.
                        4. J W Cahill commenced as Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary on 3 April 2023.
                        5. For the reasons explained in Section 1 of the Remuneration Report, J R Paul and A Eglezos are no longer assessed as KMP from January 2024.       Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                            Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                                 51                                                 Annual Report 2024
                        Remuneration Report continued


                        8. KMP Equity Holdings continued
                        The market value at vesting date of performance rights that vested during 2024 was $99,951 (2023: $338,461). The market value
                        is calculated using the opening share price on the respective vesting/exercise date or forfeit date.

                        No other shares were issued on the vesting of performance rights provided as remuneration to any of the groups’ directors
                        or KMP in the current year.

                        Dilutionary impact of performance rights on issue
                        As at 30 June 2024, there were 25,498,545 performance rights on issue, representing 6.2% of the 412,372,598 shares on issue.

                        As at 30 June 2024, there were 3,027,178 performance rights held by KMP, representing 0.7% of the 412,372,598 shares on issue.


                        9. Details of equity incentives affecting current and future remuneration




For personal use only
                        The terms and conditions of the grant of performance rights to the key management personnel of the group in the current year
                        or which impact future years are as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                              Number of        Performance           per right at
                        Grant date                      Vesting date                      rights granted           measure1          grant date            % vested

                        5 September 2023                30 June 2025                            290,000                  KPIs               $0.14                    0

                        27 October 2023                 30 June 2025                               419,250               KPIs               $0.14                    0

                        27 October 2023                 30 September 2026                      1,425,450                 KPIs               $0.14                    0

                        27 October 2023                 30 September 2026                          251,550                TSR              $0.08                     0

                        29 November 2023                30 June 2025                               667,441               KPIs               $0.14                   64%

                        10 January 2024                 30 June 2025                               398,725               KPIs               $0.16                    0

                        10 January 2024                 30 September 2026                       1,315,792                KPIs               $0.16                    0

                        10 January 2024                 30 September 2026                          563,911                TSR               $0.11                    0


                        1. Achievement of KPIs: The achievement of certain key business performance indicators linked to matters which the Board believes are key
                           drivers of shareholder value. Relative TSR (TSR): As set out on page 37 of the remuneration report.




                                                                                End of remuneration report




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                           52                                                    Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued                                                                                                            Directors’

                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration
                        Shares Under Rights
                                                                                                                                                               Report
                        Unissued ordinary shares
                        There were 25,498,545 unissued ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited under the Employee Performance Rights Plan
                        as at 30 June 2024 and the date of this report. Please refer to Note 27(b) for a summary. Performance rights and the resultant



                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                        shares are granted for nil consideration. Performance rights and the resultant shares are granted for nil consideration.

                        Shares Issued on the exercise of vested rights


                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                        There were 11,098,655 ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited issued during the year ended 30 June 2024. No further
                        shares have been issued since that date. Please refer to Note 27(b) for a summary. The shares are issued for nil consideration.


                        Insurance of Officers
                        During the financial year, Starpharma Holdings Limited paid a premium to insure the company’s directors, executive officers and




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                        related bodies corporate against certain liabilities and expenses.

                        In accordance with normal commercial practice, the disclosure of the amount of premium payable, and the nature of the liabilities
                        and expenses covered by the policy, is prohibited by a confidentiality clause in the relevant insurance contract.


                        Audit and Non-Audit Services                                                                                                           Statements

                        Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit services provided during the year
                        are set out below. There were no non-audit services provided by the auditor during the financial year.



                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                        During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers)
                        of the company, its related practices and non-related audit firms.




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                   2024              2023
                        Assurance services                                                                                            $                 $

                        Audit or review of financial reports of the entity or any entity in the group under
                        the Corporations Act 2001                                                                               158,100            169,218



                                                                                                                                                               Directors’
                        No other taxation or advisory services have been provided by the auditor in either the current or prior year.

                                                                                                                                                               Declaration




                                                                                                                                                               Independent


                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                               Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                               Information




                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                               Property Report




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        53                                             Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Report continued


                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                        A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out
                        on page 55.


                        Rounding of Amounts
                        The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued by
                        the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the “rounding off’’ of amounts in the directors’ report. Amounts in
                        the directors’ report have been rounded off in accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases,
                        the nearest dollar.


                        Auditor




For personal use only
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                        Robert B Thomas AO
                        Chairman

                        Melbourne, 22 August 2024




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      54                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                                                                                              Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                        Report




                                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                        Report




                                                                                                                                                                        Auditor’s Independence




                                                                                                                                                                        Declaration



                                             Auditor’s Independence Declaration




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                        Consolidated Financial
                                             As lead auditor for the audit of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June 2024, I
                                             declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:



                                                                                                                                                                        Statements
                                             (a)      no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                                      relation to the audit; and
                                             (b)      no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                                             This declaration is in respect of Starpharma Holdings Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                                             period.



                                                                                                                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated




                                             Brad Peake                                                                                     Melbourne                   Financial Statements
                                             Partner                                                                                    22 August 2024
                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers

                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                        Declaration




                                                                                                                                                                        Independent


                                                                                                                                                                        Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                                        Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                        Information




                                                                                                                                                                        Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                        Property Report

                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                             2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001

                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                                             T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au


                                                                                                                                                                        Directory
                                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                                  55                                            Annual Report 2024
                        Annual Financial Report
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024



                        Consolidated Income Statement                              57

                        Consolidated Balance Sheet                                 58

                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                59

                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                       60

                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements             61

                        Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement                   85

                        Directors’ Declaration                                     86

                        Independent Audit Report                                   87




For personal use only
                        These financial statements are the consolidated financial statements for the consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma
                        Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, “the group”). The financial statements are presented in dollars denominated
                        in Australian currency. Starpharma Holdings Limited is a public company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in the
                        state of Victoria, Australia.

                        Its registered office and principal place of business is:

                        Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        4-6 Southampton Crescent
                        Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067
                        Australia

                        A description of the nature of the group’s operations and its principal activities is included in pages 20 to 24, which are not part
                        of this financial report.

                        The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 22 August 2024. The directors have the power to amend
                        and reissue the financial report.

                        Through the use of the internet, Starpharma ensures that corporate reporting is timely and complete. All recent press
                        releases, financial reports and other information are available on the group’s website ), as well as ASX announcements and
                        releases available via the Australian Securities Exchange (www2.asx.com.au/markets/trade-our-cash-market/historical-
                        announcements).




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       56                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Consolidated Income Statement                                                                                                     Directors’

                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024                                                                                                   Report




                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                          Report
                                                                                                                  30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                        Notes           $’000                $’000

                        Continuing operations

                        Revenue                                                                          5               9,756                 4,208


                                                                                                                                                          Auditor’s Independence
                        Cost of goods sold                                                                                   (632)             (1,120)

                        Other income                                                                     5                      –                 135


                                                                                                                                                          Declaration
                        Research and product development expense

                        (net of R&D tax incentive)                                                       6             (10,053)               (11,239)

                        Commercial and regulatory operating expense                                      6              (3,664)               (3,854)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated Financial
                        Corporate, administration and finance expense                                    6              (3,572)                (3,768)

                        Loss before income tax                                                                           (8,165)             (15,638)



                                                                                                                                                          Statements
                        Income tax expense                                                                7                     –                   –

                        Loss from continuing operations attributable to equity holders of the company                    (8,165)             (15,638)

                        Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                       –                   –

                        Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                 (8,165)             (15,638)



                        Loss per share for loss from continuing operations attributable                                                                   Notes to the Consolidated
                        to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                                           $                   $


                                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
                        Basic loss per share                                                             26             ($0.02)               ($0.04)

                        Diluted loss per share                                                           26             ($0.02)               ($0.04)


                        The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                                                          Directors’

                                                                                                                                                          Declaration




                                                                                                                                                          Independent


                                                                                                                                                          Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                          Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                          Information




                                                                                                                                                          Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                          Property Report




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate

                                                                                                                                                          Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   57                                             Annual Report 2024
                        Consolidated Balance Sheet
                        AS AT 30 JUNE 2024




                                                                                                                   30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                     Notes               $’000                $’000

                        Current assets

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                      8                   23,360              35,180

                        Trade and other receivables                                                    9                      7,151              9,169

                        Inventories                                                                   10                    2,408               2,773

                        Total current assets                                                                                32,919             47,122


                        Non-current assets

                                                                                                                             1,314




For personal use only
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                  11                                        1,584

                        Right-of-use assets                                                            14                    2,581              3,380

                        Total non-current assets                                                                             3,895              4,964

                        Total assets                                                                                        36,814            52,086


                        Current liabilities

                        Trade and other payables                                                       12                    4,013               7,667

                        Borrowings                                                                     13                      775              4,778

                        Lease liabilities                                                              14                      796                744

                        Provision for employee benefits                                                15                    1,050               1,281

                        Deferred income                                                                5                        28                   3

                        Total current liabilities                                                                            6,662             14,473


                        Non-current liabilities

                        Lease liabilities                                                              14                    1,957              2,750

                        Provision for employee benefits                                                15                       79                 48

                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                       2,036               2,798

                        Total liabilities                                                                                    8,698              17,271

                        Net assets                                                                                          28,116             34,815


                        Equity

                        Contributed capital                                                            16                 240,750             240,715

                        Reserves                                                                       17                  29,730              28,299

                        Accumulated losses                                                             18                 (242,364)           (234,199)

                        Total equity                                                                                        28,116             34,815


                        The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                 58                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                       Directors’

                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024                                                                                                   Report




                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                          Report
                                                                                  Contributed                      Accumulated
                                                                                       capital        Reserves          losses           Total equity
                                                                         Notes         $’000            $’000           $’000                  $’000

                        Balance at 1 July 2022                                        240,669           26,285          (218,561)            48,393



                                                                                                                                                          Auditor’s Independence
                        Loss for the year                                                    –                –           (15,638)            (15,638)

                        Other comprehensive income (loss)                                    –                –                 –                   –



                                                                                                                                                          Declaration
                        Total comprehensive income (loss)
                        for the year                                                         –                –          (15,638)            (15,638)

                        Transactions with owners,
                        recorded directly in equity:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated Financial
                        Employee share plans                              16                46                –                 –                 46

                        Employee performance rights plan                  17                 –            2,014                 –              2,014




                                                                                                                                                          Statements
                        Total transactions with owners                                      46            2,014                 –             2,060


                        Balance at 30 June 2023                                       240,715           28,299          (234,199)             34,815

                        Loss for the year                                                    –                –            (8,165)             (8,165)

                        Other comprehensive income (loss)                                    –                –                 –                   –


                                                                                                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated
                        Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                       –                –            (8,165)             (8,165)

                        Transactions with owners,



                                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
                        recorded directly in equity:

                        Employee share plans                              16                35                –                 –                 35

                        Employee performance rights plan                  17                 –             1,431                –               1,431

                        Total transactions with owners                                      35             1,431                –              1,466

                        Balance at 30 June 2024                                       240,750           29,730          (242,364)              28,116     Directors’

                                                                                                                                                          Declaration
                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



                                                                                                                                                          Independent


                                                                                                                                                          Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                          Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                          Information




                                                                                                                                                          Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                          Property Report




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate

                                                                                                                                                          Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                 59                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




                                                                                                                                                        30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   30 June 2024            (restated)
                                                                                                                  Notes                  $’000                 $’000

                        Cash flows from operating activities

                        Receipts from trade and other debtors (inclusive of GST)                                                            8,412               3,085

                        Grant income and R&D tax incentives (inclusive of GST)                                                              7,244                  7,146

                        Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                                            (23,941)            (25,459)*

                        Interest received                                                                                                   1,532                  1,194

                        Interest paid                                                                                                        (224)                 (277)




For personal use only
                        Net cash outflows from operating activities                                                 25                     (6,977)             (14,311)


                        Cash flow from investing activities

                        Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                                            (89)                 (621)

                        Proceeds from sale of financial assets                                                                                   –                    11

                        Net cash outflows from investing activities                                                                           (89)                 (610)


                        Cash flow from financing activities

                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                              886               1,037*

                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                                           (4,888)                  (259)*

                        Lease repayments                                                                                                     (745)                 (695)

                        Net cash outflows from financing activities                                                                        (4,747)                   83


                        Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents held                                                          (11,813)           (14,838)

                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                            35,180               49,918

                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                           (7)                 100

                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                  23,360               35,180

                        * The prior year cashflows from financing activities have been restated to reflect $1,037,000 proceeds from borrowings from an insurance
                          premium loan (premiums paid directly by the lender to the insurer) and $259,000 subsequent repayments of those borrowings. There is
                          a corresponding $778,000 increase in payments to suppliers due to the misclassification.

                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                           60                                                      Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                            Directors’

                        30 JUNE 2024                                                                                                                              Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        1. Material Accounting Policies
                        The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.                Report
                        These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented unless otherwise stated. The financial statements
                        are for the consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the company” or “parent entity”) and its subsidiaries
                        (collectively, “the group” or “the consolidated entity”).


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                        (a) Basis of preparation
                        These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and


                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act 2001. Starpharma Holdings
                        Limited is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the financial statements.

                        (i) Compliance with IFRS
                        The consolidated financial statements of the group also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                        by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

                        (ii) New and amended standards adopted by the group



                                                                                                                                                                  Statements
                        The group has adopted all standards which became effective for the annual reporting period commencing 1 July 2023. The
                        adoption of these standards did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are not expected to
                        significantly affect the current or future periods. The group has not elected to apply any pronouncements before their operative
                        date in the annual reporting period beginning 1 July 2023.

                        (iii) Historical cost convention


                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention basis.

                        (iv) Critical accounting estimates



                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                        The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to
                        exercise its judgement in the process of applying the group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement
                        or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in note 3.

                        (v) Going concern
                        For the year ended 30 June 2024, the consolidated group has incurred losses from continuing operations of $8,165,000
                        (2023: $15,638,000) and experienced net cash outflows of $6,977,000 from operations (2023: $14,311,000), as disclosed in                  Directors’
                        the income statement and statement of cash flows, respectively. The consolidated group is in the development and early
                        commercialisation phase, and given the entity’s strategic plans, the directors are satisfied regarding the availability of working        Declaration
                        capital for the period up to at least 31 August 2025. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the financial report on a going
                        concern basis in the belief that the consolidated entity will realise its assets and settle its liabilities and commitments in the
                        normal course of business and for at least the amounts stated in the financial report.

                                                                                                                                                                  Independent
                        (b) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Report
                        (i) Subsidiaries
                        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the group has control. The group controls an entity when
                        the group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
                        returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder
                        control is transferred to the group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. The group has one subsidiary,
                        Starpharma Pty Limited.
                                                                                                                                                                  Information
                        Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised
                        losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of the impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting
                        policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the group.

                        (ii) Associates                                                                                                                           Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report
                        Associates are all entities over which the group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is generally the case
                        where the group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity
                        method of accounting after initially being recognised at cost. Details of associates are disclosed in note 24.

                        (c) Segment reporting
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision
                        maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the                   Directory
                        operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer.


                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        61                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        1. Material Accounting Policies continued
                        (d) Foreign currency translation
                        (i) Functional and presentation currency
                        Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
                        economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated financial statements are
                        presented in Australian dollars, which is the company’s functional and presentation currency.

                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                        Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
                        transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at
                        year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.




For personal use only
                        (e) Revenue recognition
                        The accounting policies for the group’s revenue from contracts with customers are explained in note 5.

                        (f) Leases
                        The group’s leasing policy is described in note 14.

                        (g) Cash and cash equivalents
                        For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand,
                        deposits held with financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known
                        amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. The amount of significant cash and cash
                        equivalents not available for use is disclosed in note 8.

                        (h) Trade receivables
                        Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                        method, less any allowance for expected credit loss. Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 to 60 days.
                        They are presented as current assets unless collection is not expected for more than 12 months after the reporting date.
                        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. The group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach
                        to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract
                        assets. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets are grouped based on shared credit risk
                        characteristics and the days past due. An expected credit loss is recognised when there is objective evidence that the group
                        will not be able to collect the relevant receivable.

                        (i) Inventories
                        Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes
                        expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their existing condition and location. Costs are assigned
                        to individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
                        deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                        estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                        ( j) Property, plant and equipment and leasehold improvements
                        Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
                        attributable to the acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a
                        separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
                        group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate
                        asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial period
                        in which they are incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts,
                        net of the residual values, over their estimated useful lives. The expected useful lives are two to 20 years. The assets’ residual
                        values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet date. An asset’s carrying amount is
                        written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable
                        amount. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These are included
                        in profit or loss.

                        The cost of improvements to or on leasehold properties is amortised over the remaining term of the premises lease (being 3.5 years
                        at the reporting date) or the estimated useful life of the improvement to the group, whichever is shorter.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      62                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        (k) Intangible assets
                        (i) Patents and licences                                                                                                                  Report

                        Costs associated with patents are expensed as incurred. Licences and acquired patents with a finite useful life are carried at cost
                        less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the
                        cost of licences and patents over the period of the expected benefit, which is up to 20 years. As at the reporting date no patents


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                        or licences are recognised as intangible assets.

                        (ii) Research and development


                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        Research and development expenditure is expensed as incurred, except that costs incurred on development projects, relating
                        to the design and testing of new or improved products, are recognised as intangible assets when it is probable that the project
                        will, after considering its commercial and technical feasibility, be completed and generate future economic benefits and its costs
                        can be measured reliably. To date, no research and development costs have been recognised as intangible assets.




For personal use only
                        (l) Trade and other payables

                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                        These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the group prior to the end of the financial year which
                        are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 to 45 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are



                                                                                                                                                                  Statements
                        presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months from the reporting date.

                        (m) Provisions
                        Provisions for legal claims, service claims, and make good obligations are recognised when the group has a present legal or
                        constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is more probable than not that an outflow of resources will be required
                        to settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.



                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by
                        considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to
                        any one item in the same class of obligations may be small. Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best



                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                        estimate for the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the balance date. The discount rate used to determine
                        the present value reflects current market assessment of the time, value of money, and the risks specific to the liability. The increase
                        of the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

                        (n) Employee benefits
                        (i) Short-term obligations
                        Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual and long service leave expected to be settled within          Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’
                        services up to the period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liability for
                        annual and long service leave is recognised in the provision for employee benefits. All other short-term employee benefit obligations
                        are presented as payables.


                                                                                                                                                                  Independent
                        (ii) Superannuation benefits


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Report
                        Group companies make the statutory superannuation guarantee contribution in respect of each employee to their nominated
                        complying superannuation fund. In certain circumstances, pursuant to an employee’s employment contract, the group companies
                        may also be required to make additional superannuation contributions and/or agree to make salary sacrifice superannuation or
                        pension contributions in addition to the statutory guarantee contribution. The relevant entities’ legal or constructive obligation
                        is limited to the above contributions. Contributions to the employees’ superannuation are recognised as an expense as they
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder
                        become payable.

                                                                                                                                                                  Information




                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                  Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       63                                                 Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        1. Material Accounting Policies continued
                        (n) Employee benefits continued
                        (iii) Share-based payments
                        Share-based compensation benefits are offered to employees via an Employee Performance Rights Plan and an Employee
                        Share Plan ($1,000 Plan). Information relating to these plans is set out in note 27 and in the remuneration report under the
                        directors’ report.

                        The fair value of performance rights granted is recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
                        The fair value of employee services received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting
                        period. Depending on the performance measure of the right vesting, the fair value at grant date represents either a volume weighted
                        average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to the grant date, or a value calculated using a hybrid Monte-Carlo-trinomial option
                        pricing model taking into account the absolute total shareholder return (TSR) target, the term of the right, the share price at grant
                        date, the risk-free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant index, and the




For personal use only
                        correlation between the share price and that index. The fair value excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions
                        (for example, profitability and sales growth targets). Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number
                        of performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. At each reporting date, the entity revises its estimate of the
                        number of performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised in each
                        period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in
                        the consolidated income statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                        Under the Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan), shares are issued to employees for no cash consideration and vest at the earlier
                        of three years or cessation of employment. On this date, the market value of the shares issued is recognised as an employee
                        benefits expense with a corresponding increase in equity.

                        (iv) Bonus payments
                        The group recognises a liability and an expense for employee bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration
                        performance criteria that have been set. The group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past
                        practice that has created a constructive obligation.

                        For non-cash incentives where equity is granted, refer to note 27 and the remuneration report under the directors’ report.

                        (o) Borrowings
                        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at
                        amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised
                        in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

                        Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or
                        expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another
                        party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss
                        as other income or finance costs.

                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for
                        at least 12 months after the reporting period.

                        (p) Contributed equity
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or performance
                        rights are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of
                        new shares or performance rights for the acquisition of a business are not included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the
                        purchase consideration.

                        (q) Dividends
                        Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion
                        of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting period.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        64                                                 Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                 Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration
                        (r) Earnings per share
                        (i) Basic earnings per share                                                                                                             Report

                        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of servicing
                        equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                        adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.


                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Independence
                        (ii) Diluted earnings per share
                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the


                                                                                                                                                                 Declaration
                        after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted
                        average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential
                        ordinary shares.

                        (s) Goods and services tax (GST)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Financial
                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST unless the GST incurred is not recoverable
                        from the taxation authority. In this case, it is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
                        Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable from, or payable to, the taxation authority and are



                                                                                                                                                                 Statements
                        included with other receivables or payables in the balance sheet. Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components
                        of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority are
                        presented as operating cash flows.

                        (t) Rounding of amounts
                        The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued



                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated
                        by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the financial statements.
                        Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars,
                        or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.



                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                        (u) Parent entity financial information
                        The financial information for the parent entity disclosed in note 28 has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated
                        financial statements, except as set out below.

                        (i) Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities
                        Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of the          Directors’
                        parent entity. Dividends received from associates are recognised in the parent entity’s profit or loss when its right to receive
                        the dividend is established.                                                                                                             Declaration


                        (ii) Share-based payments

                                                                                                                                                                 Independent
                        The grant by the parent entity of rights over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings in the group
                        is treated as a capital contribution to that subsidiary undertaking. The fair value of employee services received, measured
                        by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiary

                                                                                                                                                                 Auditor’s Report
                        undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity.




                                                                                                                                                                 Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                 Information




                                                                                                                                                                 Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                 Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                 Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      65                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        2. Financial Risk Management
                        The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks; including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The group’s overall
                        financial risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse
                        effects on the financial performance of the group. The Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary,
                        under the guidance of the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board, have responsibility for the financial risk management program.

                        (a) Market risk
                        (i) Foreign exchange risk
                        Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a
                        currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk
                        arising from currency exposures to major currencies including United States dollars (US$) and Great British pounds (£).

                        On the basis of the nature of these transactions, the group does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge such




For personal use only
                        exposures but maintains cash and deposits in Australian dollars, United States dollars and Great British pounds. The directors
                        regularly monitor the potential impact of movements in foreign exchange exposure.

                        The exposure to foreign currency risk at the reporting date calculated using the closing exchange rate as at 30 June 2024 for
                        US$ of $0.6651 and for £ of $0.5262 was as follows:

                                                                                         30 June 2024       30 June 2023        30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                                  US$                US$                   £                   £
                                                                                               $’000              $’000               £’000               £’000

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                    26                328                  21                510

                        Trade and other receivables                                                340                 382                    1                  –

                        Trade and other payables                                                     46                 171               778               2,363


                        Group sensitivity
                        The group is mainly exposed to US$ and £ on foreign currencies held, receivable and payable. The following table details the
                        group’s sensitivity to a 10% increase and decrease in the Australian dollar against the US$ or £. A positive number indicates
                        a favourable movement; that is an increase in profit or reduction in the loss.

                                                                                         30 June 2024       30 June 2023        30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                               $’000              $’000               £’000               £’000
                        Impact on profit/(loss) on a movement of                                  US$                US$                   £                   £

                        Australian dollar strengthens (increases)
                        against the foreign currency by 10%                                         (44)                (74)               131                 321

                        Australian dollar weakens (decreases)
                        against the foreign currency by 10%                                          54                 90                (160)              (393)


                        (ii) Cash flow interest rate risk
                        The group holds interest bearing assets and therefore the income and operating cash flows are exposed to market interest rates.

                        At the end of the reporting period, the group had the following value of term and at call deposits. Refer to note 8 for
                        additional information.

                                                                                                                                30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                      $’000               $’000

                        Term deposits and deposits at call                                                                             22,829              33,519


                        Group sensitivity
                        At 30 June 2024, if interest rates changed by 50 basis points (0.50%) either higher or lower from the year end rates with all other
                        variables held constant, group profit for the year would have been $114,000 higher or lower (2023 – change of 50 bps: $168,000
                        higher/lower) due to either higher or lower interest income from cash or cash equivalents.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                         66                                                    Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                  Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                        (b) Credit risk
                        Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents with banks and financial institutions,         Report
                        as well as credit exposures from sales and distribution, product supply, licensing and royalty agreements. Credit risk for cash and
                        deposits with banks and financial institutions is managed by maximising deposits held under major Australian banks. All cash and
                        deposits are held with the National Australia Bank and Commonwealth Bank of Australia. Other than government grants, tax incentives


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence
                        and taxes receivable, third party receivables largely consist of customer receivables from leading multinational organisations.

                        (c) Liquidity risk


                                                                                                                                                                  Declaration
                        Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash reserves and marketable securities. The directors regularly
                        monitor the cash position of the group, giving consideration to the level of expenditure and future capital commitments.

                        (d) Fair value estimation
                        The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities must be estimated for recognition and measurement for disclosure




For personal use only
                        purposes. The carrying value less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables are assumed to approximate their fair


                                                                                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial
                        values due to their short-term nature. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the
                        future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the group for similar financial instruments.



                                                                                                                                                                  Statements
                        3. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements
                        Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations
                        of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

                        The group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,


                                                                                                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated
                        seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing material
                        adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                        (i) Australian Government Research & Development Tax Incentive
                        The group’s eligible research and development activities qualify for the Australian Government R&D Tax Incentive. Management has
                        assessed these activities and expenditure to determine which are likely to be eligible under the incentive scheme. For the period
                        to 30 June 2024, the group has recorded a contra research and development expense of $5,527,000 (2023: $7,631,000). The total
                        R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded at 30 June 2024 is $5,527,000 (2023: $7,244,000).


                        4. Segment Information                                                                                                                    Directors’

                        The group has determined that on the basis of internal reporting and monitoring to the Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief          Declaration
                        operating decision maker, the group operates in one business segment, being the discovery, development and commercialisation
                        of dendrimers for pharmaceutical, life science and other applications.


                        5. Revenue and Other Income                                                                                                               Independent


                                                                                                                                                                  Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                  $’000              $’000

                        Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                       8,289               2,939


                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholder
                        Interest revenue                                                                                             1,467              1,269

                        Total revenue from continuing operations                                                                     9,756             4,208
                                                                                                                                                                  Information
                        Other income                                                                                                     –                135

                        Total revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                    9,756             4,343


                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual
                        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                                                                                                  Property Report
                        Total revenue from contracts with customers for the year was $8,289,000 (2023: $2,939,000) and included a nonrecurring
                        $6,553,000 from the commercial settlement and termination of the VivaGel® BV license and supply agreement with Mundipharma
                        in August 2023. Revenue from contracts with customers also includes product sales, royalty, and research revenue from
                        commercial partners.
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                  Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       67                                                 Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        5. Revenue and Other Income continued
                        Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers
                        The group has recognised the following current assets and current liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                                                                 30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                       $’000                $’000

                        Trade and other receivables                                                                                         588                 604

                        Contract liabilities                                                                                                 (28)                 (3)


                        Customer trade and other receivables as at 30 June 2024 are $588,000.




For personal use only
                        Performance obligations
                        Revenue is recognised when the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised good or
                        service to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange
                        for the goods or services. Information about the company’s performance obligations is summarised below:

                        (i) Licensing revenue and royalties
                        Typically, a licence granted by the company provides the customer with the right to use, but not own, the company’s intellectual
                        property as it exists at the point in time the licence is granted. The company may receive signature payments, milestone payments
                        for specific development (such as clinical or regulatory) or commercial-based outcomes and/or sales-based royalties as
                        consideration for the licence. The performance obligation(s) for a licence are usually satisfied upon, or soon after, the granting
                        of the licence to the partner. Signature payments are normally fixed, where-as development and commercial milestones are
                        variable consideration as they are dependent on the achievement of certain events in the future. The company’s estimate of
                        variable consideration will only be recognised to the extent it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur
                        in future periods.

                        Royalties based on sales of product are recognised when the customer’s sales of product occur. Where consideration includes
                        guaranteed minimum royalties, they are recognised when the licence is granted or when they are no longer subject to constraint.

                        Milestones payments are generally due within 30 to 60 days from timing of the milestone event. Royalties are generally due
                        30 to 60 days after the end of the defined royalty reporting period.

                        (ii) Product sales
                        The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods. Payment is on normal commercial terms, which may include
                        prepayment and/or payment within 30 to 60 days from delivery. Some contracts provide customers with a right of return for product
                        non-conformance, or discounts based on product shelf-life, which may give rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.

                        (iii) Research revenue
                        The performance obligation is satisfied over time upon completion of outlined deliverables and payment is generally due within
                        30 to 60 days of achievement of each deliverable.


                        6. Expenses
                                                                                                                                 30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                       $’000                $’000

                        Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense includes the following items:

                        R&D tax incentive (contra expense)1                                                                               (5,527)             (7,631)

                        Employee benefits expenses (including share-based payments)                                                       9,659              10,334

                        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                        316                392

                        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                 799                 802

                        1. Included within the research and product development expense line item in the consolidated income statement.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                          68                                                     Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration
                        7. Income Tax Expense
                                                                                                                                                            30 June 2023        Report
                                                                                                                                       30 June 2024           (restated*)
                                                                                                                                             $’000                 $’000




                                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Independence
                        (a) Income tax expense/(credit)
                        Current tax/deferred tax                                                                                                     –                    –
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                                     –                    –


                                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        Income tax attributable to continuing operations                                                                             –                    –

                        (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
                        Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                                               (8,165)            (15,638)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 25% (2023: 25%)                                                                      (2,041)              (3,909)
                        Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                            Eligible expenses claimed under R&D tax incentive                                                                    1,795               2,255


                                                                                                                                                                                Statements
                            Share-based payments                                                                                                  367                   515
                            Taxable capital gains                                                                                                3,141                    –
                            Sundry items                                                                                                           145                  (53)
                        Future income tax benefits not brought to account                                                                      (3,407)                1,192


                                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                           –                    –

                        (c) Tax losses


                                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                        Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised
                        (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                                               121,875             135,502
                        Potential tax benefit                                                                                                 30,469               33,875

                        (d) Unrecognised temporary differences
                        Temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised                                                                               Directors’
                                                                                                                                               17,950
                                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                                                                      5,068
                        Unrecognised deferred tax relating to the temporary differences                                                         4,487                1,267

                        (e) Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                                Independent
                        Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities relating to the above temporary differences:
                        Lease right-of-use assets                                                                                                 645                  845
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                             258                  297      Auditor’s Report

                        Sundry items                                                                                                                 3                    4
                        Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                                            906                 1,146
                        Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                                            (906)                (1,146)   Shareholder

                        Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 –                    –     Information


                        * The prior year has been restated to reflect a 25% (previously 30%) Australian tax rate. The 25% “base rate entity company tax rate” is applicable
                          as the group’s current aggregated turnover and passive income is below the prescribed level.

                        Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been set off as there is a legally recognised right to set off current tax assets                 Intellectual
                        and liabilities, and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the relevant tax authority. Deferred tax
                                                                                                                                                                                Property Report
                        assets are mainly attributable to unused tax losses. Potential future income tax benefits attributable to tax losses carried forward
                        have not been brought to account at 30 June 2024 because the directors do not presently believe that it is appropriate to regard
                        realisation of the future income tax benefit as probable. Similarly, future benefits attributable to net temporary differences have
                        not been brought to account as the directors do not regard the realisation of such benefits as probable.
                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                        Realisation of the benefit of tax losses would be subject to the group satisfying the conditions for deductibility imposed by tax
                        legislation and no subsequent changes in tax legislation adversely affecting the group. The group has made an assessment                                Directory
                        as to the satisfaction of deductibility conditions at 30 June 2024, which it believes will be satisfied.


                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                              69                                                       Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        8. Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                                          30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                $’000              $’000

                        Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                     531              1,661

                        Term deposits and deposits at call                                                                        22,829            33,519

                                                                                                                                  23,360            35,180


                        Cash at bank and on hand
                        The cash at bank and on hand is non-interest bearing, and includes foreign currencies held.




For personal use only
                        Term deposits and deposits at call
                        The term deposits have maturities of three months or less. Funds in deposits at call allow the group to withdraw funds
                        on demand.

                        Deposits not available
                        There is $1,256,000 (2023: $1,198,000) of term deposits not available for use due to funds being utilised as security for a bank
                        guarantee on the company’s property lease, and for a finance lease facility.

                        Interest rate risk
                        Current receivables are non-interest bearing.

                                                               Floating                                                   Non-
                                                               interest                                                interest
                                                                   rate           Fixed interest maturing              bearing

                                                                                1 year                  More than
                                                                               or less   1 to 5 years     5 years                      Total Contractual
                        30 June 2024              Notes          $’000         $’000          $’000        $’000        $’000         $’000 cash flows

                        Financial assets

                        Cash and deposits             8           2,220       20,609               –            –          531       23,360                –

                        Receivables                   9                 –           –              –            –         7,151         7,151         7,151

                                                                  2,220       20,609               –            –        7,682        30,511          7,151

                        Weighted average
                        interest rate                             4.5%          5.0%             –%          –%            –%


                        Financial liabilities

                        Payables                      12                –           –              –            –        4,012         4,012         4,012

                        Lease liabilities             14                –         796          1,957            –             –        2,753         2,753

                        Borrowings                    13                –         775              –            –             –            775         775

                                                                        –        1,571         1,957            –        4,012         7,540         7,540

                        Weighted average
                        interest rate                               –%          3.5%          4.3%           –%            –%




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      70                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                          Directors’

                                                                                                                                                          Report




                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                          Report
                                                              Floating                                              Non-
                                                              interest                                           interest
                                                                  rate         Fixed interest maturing           bearing

                                                                             1 year                  More than



                                                                                                                                                          Auditor’s Independence
                                                                            or less   1 to 5 years     5 years                  Total Contractual
                        30 June 2023                  Notes    $’000        $’000          $’000        $’000     $’000        $’000 cash flows

                        Financial assets


                                                                                                                                                          Declaration
                        Cash and deposits             8         3,022      30,498               –           –      1,660       35,180            N/A

                        Receivables                   9             –            –              –           –       9,169        9,169          9,169

                                                                3,022      30,498               –           –     10,829       44,349           9,169




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                          Consolidated Financial
                        Weighted average
                        interest rate                            4.3%        4.7%             –%           –%         –%




                                                                                                                                                          Statements
                        Financial liabilities

                        Payables                      12            –            –              –           –       7,667        7,667          7,667

                        Lease liabilities             14            –          744          2,750           –          –        3,494          3,494

                        Borrowings                    13       4,000           778              –           –          –         4,778         4,778



                                                                                                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated
                                                               4,000         1,522          2,750           –      7,667       15,939         15,939

                        Weighted average
                        interest rate                            4.3%        3.6%           4.2%           –%        –%


                                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
                        9. Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                                    30 June 2024       30 June 2023

                                                                                                                                                          Directors’
                                                                                                                          $’000              $’000

                                                                                                                                                          Declaration
                        Trade and grant receivables                                                                         6,095              7,857

                        Interest receivables                                                                                   64                 128

                        Prepayments                                                                                           811                934

                                                                                                                                                          Independent
                        Other receivables                                                                                     181                250


                                                                                                                                                          Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                             7,151              9,169


                        Trade and grant receivables
                        Trade and grant receivables primarily comprise of $5,527,000 (2023: $7,244,000) of eligible expenditure reimbursable under
                        the Australian Government’s R&D tax incentive scheme, with the balance related to customer receivables. Customer receivables      Shareholder
                        are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 60 days.
                                                                                                                                                          Information
                        Prepayments
                        Prepayments primarily relate to insurance premiums paid in advance.


                                                                                                                                                          Intellectual
                        Other receivables

                                                                                                                                                          Property Report
                        Other receivables comprise GST/VAT and other taxes refundable and sundry debtors, and are subject to normal terms
                        of settlement within 30 to 90 days.




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate

                                                                                                                                                          Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    71                                            Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        9. Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables continued
                        Credit risk
                        The group considers that there is no significant credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables. Grant receivables are with
                        government bodies and trade receivables are from large companies.

                        Impaired receivables
                        As at 30 June 2024, there were no material trade and grant receivables that were past due (2023: nil). The group applies the
                        accounting policy in note 1(h) to trade receivables. Under the expected credit loss model, no receivables are considered
                        impaired at 30 June 2024 (2023: nil).


                        10. Inventories




For personal use only
                                                                                                                          30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                        Current assets                                                                                          $’000              $’000

                        Raw materials                                                                                              2,317             2,578

                        Finished goods                                                                                                91                195

                                                                                                                                  2,408              2,773


                        Assigning costs to inventories
                        The costs of individual items of inventory are determined using the weighted average cost method. See note 1(i) for detail
                        on the group’s accounting policy for inventories.

                        Amounts recognised in profit or loss
                        Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 30 June 2024 amounted to $632,000 (2023: $1,120,000). These were
                        included in cost of goods sold.

                        Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value amounted to $21,000 (2023: $16,000). These were included in cost of
                        goods sold.

                        Raw materials
                        Raw materials consist of the key raw materials and components used in the manufacture of commercial products, including
                        VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel®.

                        Finished goods
                        Finished goods are products that are subject to a customer purchase order, have completed production, or are awaiting
                        delivery to the customer.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      72                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                             Directors’

                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration
                        11. Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                                                             Report
                                                                                                        Plant and          Leasehold
                                                                                                       equipment       improvements               Total
                                                                                                           $’000              $’000              $’000



                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Independence
                        At 30 June 2022

                        Cost                                                                                 4,623               691               5,314



                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                        Accumulated depreciation                                                            (3,326)             (652)             (3,978)

                        Net book amount                                                                      1,297                39              1,336


                        Year ended 30 June 2023




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial
                        Opening net book amount                                                               1,297               39               1,336

                        Additions                                                                              558                84                642



                                                                                                                                                             Statements
                        Disposals                                                                                (3)               –                  (3)

                        Depreciation                                                                          (349)              (42)               (391)

                        Closing net book amount                                                              1,503                81              1,584




                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated
                        At 30 June 2023

                        Cost                                                                                 3,936               776               4,712

                        Accumulated depreciation                                                            (2,433)             (695)             (3,128)


                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                        Net book amount                                                                      1,503                81              1,584


                        Year ended 30 June 2024

                        Opening net book amount                                                              1,503                81              1,584

                        Additions                                                                               46                 –                 46      Directors’

                        Disposals                                                                              (52)                –                (52)     Declaration

                        Depreciation                                                                          (247)              (18)              (264)

                        Closing net book amount                                                               1,251               63               1,314
                                                                                                                                                             Independent


                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Report
                        At 30 June 2024

                        Cost                                                                                3,930                776              4,706

                        Accumulated depreciation                                                            (2,679)             (713)            (3,392)

                                                                                                                                                             Shareholder
                        Net book amount                                                                       1,251               63               1,314


                                                                                                                                                             Information
                        12. Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                                                        30 June 2024      30 June 2023

                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual
                                                                                                                              $’000             $’000

                        Trade payables and accruals                                                                            2,725               6,615

                        Other payables                                                                                         1,288              1,052      Property Report

                                                                                                                               4,013              7,667

                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                        Trade payables and accruals
                                                                                                                                                             Directory
                        The majority of trade payables are related to expenditure associated with the group’s research and product development programs.



                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   73                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        13. Current Liabilities – Borrowings
                        Borrowings of $775,000 (2023: $4,778,000) relate to an insurance premium loan maturing January 2025, interest rate 2.9%.
                        Borrowings at 30 June 2023 included the $4,000,000 Invest Victoria R&D cash flow loan with Treasury Corporation of Victoria
                        (TCV) which was repaid in October 2023.


                        14. Current and Non-Current Assets/Liabilities – Leases
                        The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                      30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                                                                                                                            $’000             $’000

                        Right-of-use assets

                                                                                                                             2,298




For personal use only
                        Premises                                                                                                                2,950

                        Plant and equipment                                                                                    283                430

                                                                                                                              2,581             3,380


                        Lease liabilities

                        Current                                                                                                 796               744

                        Non-current                                                                                           1,957             2,750

                                                                                                                              2,753             3,494


                        The group leases premises (laboratory and offices space) until 19 December 2027. The group also leases scientific equipment
                        generally over a three to five year term.

                        The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                      30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                                                                                                                            $’000             $’000

                        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets

                        Premises                                                                                               657                655

                        Plant and equipment                                                                                     146                146

                        Total depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                       803                801

                        Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                   128                156

                        Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                                            6                   7

                        Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities                            70                   91

                        Total cash outflow for leases                                                                          873                851




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      74                                           Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                           Directors’

                                                                                                                                                           Report




                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration
                        15. Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits
                                                                                                                                                           Report
                                                                                                                      30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                        Leave obligations                                                                                   $’000             $’000

                        Current                                                                                              1,050               1,281


                                                                                                                                                           Auditor’s Independence
                        Non-current                                                                                              79                48

                                                                                                                              1,129             1,329


                                                                                                                                                           Declaration
                        The leave obligations represent the group’s liability for employee long service leave and annual leave. The current portion
                        of this liability includes all of the accrued annual leave, and the unconditional entitlements to long service leave where
                        employees have completed the required period of service. However, based on past experience, the group does not expect
                        all employees to take the full amount of current accrued leave or require payment of the entire amount within 12 months from




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           Consolidated Financial
                        the reporting date. Current leave obligations expected to be settled after the date which is 12 months from the reporting date
                        is $710,000 (2023: $919,000).

                        Refer to note 1(n) for further information.


                        16. Contributed Equity                                                                                                             Statements

                        (a) Share capital
                                                                                            2024            2023              2024              2023



                                                                                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated
                                                                                           Shares          Shares            $’000             $’000

                        Share capital




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
                        Ordinary shares – fully paid                                412,372,598       410,493,077         240,750             240,715


                        (b) Movements in ordinary share capital
                                                                                                         Number
                        Date               Details                                                      of shares       Issue price            $’000
                                                                                                                                                           Directors’
                        1 Jul 2023                                                                    410,493,077                             240,715
                                                                                                                                                           Declaration
                        6 Oct 2023         Employee performance rights plan share issue                   121,082               $–                   –

                        9 Nov 2023         Employee performance rights plan share issue                 1,089,805


                                                                                                                                                           Independent
                        18 Dec 2023        Employee performance rights plan share issue                    93,794

                        31 Jan 2024        Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                             242,862             $0.14                34

                        28 Jun 2024        Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                7,143            $0.14                  1     Auditor’s Report

                        28 Jun 2024        Employee performance rights plan share issue                   324,835               $–                   –

                                           Balance at 30 June 2024                                   412,372,598                             240,750
                                                                                                                                                           Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                           Information
                                                                                                         Number
                        Date               Details                                                      of shares       Issue price            $’000

                        1 Jul 2022                                                                   408,443,407                             240,669


                                                                                                                                                           Intellectual
                        27 Oct 2022        Employee performance rights plan share issue                  409,040                $–                   –

                        1 Feb 2023         Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                              67,620            $ 0.68                46

                        17 Mar 2023        Employee performance rights plan share issue                   339,710               $–                   –     Property Report

                        5 May 2023         Employee performance rights plan share issue                 1,233,300               $–                   –

                                           Balance at 30 June 2023                                   410,493,077                             240,715
                                                                                                                                                           Corporate

                                                                                                                                                           Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   75                                              Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        16. Contributed Equity continued
                        (c) Ordinary shares
                        As at 30 June 2024 there were 412,372,598 issued ordinary shares. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends
                        and the proceeds on winding up of the company in proportion to the number of, and amounts paid on, the shares held. On a
                        show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present at a duly convened shareholder meeting in person or by proxy is entitled
                        to one vote, and upon a poll each share is entitled to one vote. Ordinary shares have no par value and the company does not have
                        authorised capital. There is no current on-market share buy-back.

                        (d) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)
                        Information relating to the Employee Share Plan, including details of shares issued under the plan, is set out in note 27.

                        (e) Employee Performance Rights Plan




For personal use only
                        Information relating to the Employee Performance Rights Plan, including details of rights issued under the plan, is set out in note 27.

                        (f) Capital risk management
                        The group’s and the parent entity’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern,
                        so that they can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. In order to maintain or adjust
                        the capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue
                        new shares or sell assets.


                        17. Reserves
                        (a) Reserves
                                                                                                                             30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   $’000               $’000

                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                                29,730              28,299

                                                                                                                                    29,730              28,299


                        (b) Movement in reserves
                                                                                                                             30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                               $’000               $’000

                        Balance at 1 July                                                                                           28,299              26,285

                        Performance right expense                                                                                     1,431              2,014

                        Balance at 30 June                                                                                          29,730              28,299


                        (c) Nature and purpose of reserves
                        The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the fair value of options and performance rights granted.


                        18. Accumulated Losses
                                                                                                                             30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   $’000               $’000

                        Accumulated losses balance at 1 July                                                                      (234,199)            (218,561)

                        Net loss for the year                                                                                        (8,165)            (15,638)

                        Accumulated losses balance at 30 June                                                                    (242,364)            (234,199)




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        76                                                  Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                     Report




                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                        19. Related Party Transactions
                                                                                                                                                                     Report
                        (a) Subsidiaries and associates
                        Interests in subsidiaries and associates are set out in note 24.




                                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Independence
                        (b) Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                                                              30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                         $                   $


                                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                              1,993,469            2,141,908

                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                    120,327             143,928

                        Other long-term benefits                                                                                      17,894             32,105




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                     Consolidated Financial
                        Termination benefits                                                                                        155,607             109,353

                        Share-based payments                                                                                         137,652           622,600




                                                                                                                                                                     Statements
                                                                                                                                  2,424,949          3,049,894


                        Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the Section 6 of the remuneration report.

                        (c) Transactions with group entities



                                                                                                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated
                        There are related party transactions within the group between the parent and subsidiaries. Transactions include funds advanced
                        to/from entities and the associated interest charge, and management and services fees. All transactions were made on an arm’s
                        length basis.




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                        (d) Transactions with associates
                        There are related party transactions with the associate, Petalion Therapeutics Ltd (Petalion). Starpharma provides R&D services
                        to Petalion on a fee for service basis. Total service fees for FY24 were $514,412. All transactions were made on an arm’s length basis.

                        (e) Transactions with other related parties
                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’
                        The group paid $9,028 for consulting services to Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence Pty Ltd, which Starpharma non-executive
                        director Dr Jeff Davies is also a director and shareholder. The consulting services were provided by principals other than Dr Jeff Davies
                        and were on normal commercial terms.                                                                                                         Declaration



                        20. Remuneration of Auditors

                                                                                                                                                                     Independent
                        During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia (PwC) as auditor
                        of the parent entity, its related practices and non-related audit firms:

                                                                                                                              30 June 2024        30 June 2023       Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                                         $                   $

                        Auditors of the group – PwC

                        Audit and review of financial reports of the entity or any entity in the consolidated entity                158,100              169,218     Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                     Information
                        Other assurance services                                                                                            –                  –

                        Total services provided by PwC                                                                              158,100             169,218



                        21. Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date                                                                                            Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                     Property Report
                        No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2024 that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect:
                        (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years; or
                        (b) the results of those operations in future financial years; or
                        (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.
                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                     Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                         77                                                  Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        22. Commitments
                        (a) Capital commitments
                        There is no material capital expenditure contracted not recognised as liabilities at the reporting date (2023: nil).

                        (b) Termination commitments
                        The service contracts of key management personnel include benefits payable by the group on termination of the employee’s
                        contract. Refer to the remuneration report for details of these commitments.


                        23. Contingencies
                        Following the completion of the US FDA dispute resolution process in February 2024, Starpharma terminated its VivaGel® BV
                        product licence with ITF Pharma (now “EDW Pharma”) in May 2024. The previously reported contingent liability (2023:
                        US$1.35 million) to pay a proportion of license receipts to an investment bank, which advised on the competitive licence




For personal use only
                        process, is no longer applicable. Accordingly, the company has no contingent liabilities at 30 June 2024.

                        The company has no contingent assets at 30 June 2024 (2023: nil).


                        24. Interests in Other Entities
                        (a) Subsidiaries
                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance
                        with the accounting policy described in note 1(b).
                                                                                                                                 Ownership interest
                                                                                                                                 held by the group

                                                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                        Name of entity                        Place of business/country of incorporation                              %                    %

                        Starpharma Pty Limited                Australia                                                             100%                 100%


                        (b) Interests in associates
                        Set out below are the associates of the group.
                                                                                                                                 Ownership interest
                                                                                                                                 held by the group

                                                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                        Name of entity                        Place of business/country of incorporation                              %                    %

                        Petalion Therapeutics Limited         United Kingdom                                                       22.5%                   N/A


                        On 6 April 2024, Starpharma licensed intellectual property in exchange for a 22.5% shareholding in the newly formed UK entity,
                        Petalion Therapeutics Limited (Petalion). Petalion is now developing a new dendrimer-drug oncology candidate, and the controlling
                        shareholder, Medicxi, will fund the development program with an investment of up to £20 million based on the achievement of
                        project milestones. Starpharma will provide R&D services to Petalion on a fee for service basis. A Starpharma representative
                        holds 1 of the 4 Petalion Board seats.

                        The carrying amount of the investment in associate is $Nil, as no cash consideration was paid for the shareholding, and the
                        carrying value of the intellectual property licensed to the associate in exchange for shares was $Nil. The class of shareholding and
                        associated liquidation preferences do not currently provide Starpharma with rights to the assets of the associate. The share of the
                        profit or loss of the associate will not be recognised in the group’s income statement.

                        If the associates’ dendrimer-drug oncology candidate is successfully developed and advanced, the associate may be acquired
                        via a trade sale or possible IPO where Starpharma may realise a return from a share sale of its equity investment.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       78                                                   Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                         Report




                                                                                                                                                                         Remuneration
                        25. Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities
                                                                                                                                                                         Report
                                                                                                                                                      30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                 30 June 2024            (restated)
                                                                                                                                       $’000                 $’000



                                                                                                                                                                         Auditor’s Independence
                        Operating profit/(loss) after tax                                                                                 (8,165)           (15,638)

                        Adjustments for:



                                                                                                                                                                         Declaration
                            Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                   1,115              1,193

                            Foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                                       7               (100)

                            Non-cash employee benefits: share-based payments                                                               1,466              2,060

                                                                                                                                               –




For personal use only
                            Net gain/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                              (6)


                                                                                                                                                                         Consolidated Financial
                        Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions
                        and disposals of entities:



                                                                                                                                                                         Statements
                            Decrease/(increase) in receivables and other assets                                                           2,065               (1,257)

                            (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                              365                   51

                            Increase/(decrease) increase in trade creditors                                                               (3,655)                (84)

                            Increase/(decrease) in employee provisions                                                                     (200)                 (67)



                                                                                                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated
                            Increase/(decrease) in deferred income                                                                            25               (463)

                        Net cash outflows from operating activities*                                                                      (6,977)            (14,311)



                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
                        * The prior year cashflow statement was restated. See the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for information.


                        26. Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                 30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’
                        Basic earnings/(loss) per share/Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
                                                                                                                                                                         Declaration
                        Total earnings/(loss) per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company ($)                    (0.02)              (0.04)


                        Reconciliations of earnings/(loss) used in calculating earnings per share

                        Profit/(loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in calculating                                                     Independent
                        basic earnings/(loss) per share: ($’000)                                                                          (8,165)            (15,638)

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating                                                                Auditor’s Report
                        basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                                           411,433,050          409,035,257



                                                                                                                                                                         Shareholder
                        As at 30 June 2024 the company had on issue 25,498,545 (30 June 2023: 17,548,885) performance rights. The rights are not included
                        in the determination of basic earnings per share. The rights are also not included in the determination of diluted earnings per share.
                                                                                                                                                                         Information
                        They are not considered dilutive as their conversion would not increase loss per share from continuing operations.




                                                                                                                                                                         Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                         Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                         Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                          79                                                     Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        27. Share-Based Payments
                        Performance rights
                        (a) Employee Performance Rights Plan
                        The Employee Performance Rights Plan (Plan) was most recently approved by shareholders at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.
                        All executives and staff, including the Chief Executive Officer, are eligible to participate in the Plan. The Plan allows for the issue
                        of performance rights (being rights to receive fully paid ordinary shares subject to continued employment with the company
                        and the satisfaction of certain performance hurdles over a specified period). Performance rights are granted under the Plan
                        for no consideration. The objective of the Plan is to assist in the recruitment, reward, retention and motivation of employees
                        of the company.

                        (b) Fair value of performance rights granted
                        The weighted average assessed fair value at grant date of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2024




For personal use only
                        was $0.14 per right (2023: $0.57). There were 11,098,655 performance rights granted in the current year (2023: 5,189,084).

                        The estimated fair value at grant date of rights with a total shareholder return (TSR) performance measure has been valued using
                        a hybrid Monte-Carlo-trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute TSR target, the term of the right, the share
                        price at grant date, the risk-free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant
                        index, and the correlation between the share price and that index. All other rights incorporate Key Performance Indicator (KPI)
                        measures, and the fair value at grant date of these rights, represents a volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading
                        up to the grant date.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                       80                                                 Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                              Report




                                                                                                                                                                              Remuneration
                        Set out below is a summary of performance rights:
                                                                                                                                                                              Report
                        2024

                                                                      Balance at start      Granted during           Converted              Forfeited    Balance at end
                                                                           of the year            the year       during the year       during the year      of the year1


                                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Independence
                        Grant date            Vesting date                    Number              Number                Number                Number            Number
                        11 Nov 2015           30 Jun 2017                       127,625                     –                16,000                 –             111,625
                        11 Nov 2015           30 Sep 2018                      539,347                      –                64,000                 –           475,347


                                                                                                                                                                              Declaration
                        19 Nov 2015           30 Jun 2017                       181,001                     –                     –                 –            181,001
                        19 Nov 2015           30 Sep 2018                      836,260                      –                     –                 –           836,260
                        13 Oct 2016           30 Jun 2018                      148,438                      –                16,000                 –           132,438
                        13 Oct 2016           30 Sep 2019                       651,823                     –            152,000                    –           499,823




For personal use only
                                                                                172,842                     –                     –                 –            172,842

                                                                                                                                                                              Consolidated Financial
                        29 Nov 2016           30 Jun 2018
                        29 Nov 2016           30 Sep 2019                      846,281                      –                     –                 –           846,281
                        10 Aug 2017           30 Jun 2019                      246,396                      –                45,400                 –           200,996


                                                                                                                                                                              Statements
                        10 Aug 2017           30 Sep 2020                      966,339                      –            259,978                    –            706,361
                        29 Nov 2017           30 Jun 2019                       197,226                     –                     –                 –            197,226
                        29 Nov 2017           30 Sep 2020                      736,665                      –                     –                 –           736,665
                        16 Aug 2018           30 Jun 2020                        82,931                     –                     –                 –             82,931
                        16 Aug 2018           30 Sep 2021                       314,651                     –                     –                 –            314,651



                                                                                                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated
                        2 Nov 2018            30 Jun 2020                       87,200                      –                28,800                 –            58,400
                        2 Nov 2018            30 Sep 2021                      323,016                      –                89,416                 –           233,600
                        29 Nov 2018           30 Jun 2020                       112,708                     –                     –                 –            112,708



                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                        29 Nov 2018           30 Sep 2021                      350,253                      –                     –                 –           350,253
                        17 Oct 2019           30 Jun 2021                       168,514                     –                 13,915                –            154,599
                        17 Oct 2019           30 Sep 2022                      758,002                      –                194,677                –           563,325
                        21 Nov 2019           30 Jun 2021                       101,320                     –                     –                 –            101,320
                        21 Nov 2019           30 Sep 2022                      203,983                      –                     –                 –           203,983
                        30 Oct 2020           30 Jun 2021                      287,288                      –                16,405                 –           270,883       Directors’

                        30 Oct 2020           30 Jun 2022                       271,246                     –                 57,196                –           214,050       Declaration
                        30 Oct 2020           30 Sep 2023                   1,500,400                       –            469,245             194,409            836,746
                        20 Nov 2020           30 Jun 2021                       176,755                     –                     –                 –            176,755
                                                                               124,249                      –                     –                 –            124,249
                                                                                                                                                                              Independent
                        20 Nov 2020           30 Jun 2022
                        20 Nov 2020           30 Sep 2023                       637,173                     –                     –           407,791           229,382


                                                                                                                                                                              Auditor’s Report
                        25 Oct 2021           30 Jun 2023                       244,157                     –                85,040             3,220            155,897
                        25 Oct 2021           30 Sep 2024                    1,053,014                      –                20,896           65,242            966,876
                        30 Nov 2021           30 Jun 2023                       69,070                      –                     –                 –            69,070
                        30 Nov 2021           30 Sep 2024                      394,688                      –                     –                 –           394,688

                                                                                                                                                                              Shareholder
                        27 Oct 2022           30 Jun 2024                      699,675                      –                43,092          103,458             553,125
                        27 Oct 2022           30 Sep 2025                    2,798,698                      –                57,456          302,832          2,438,410
                        29 Nov 2022           30 Jun 2024                      227,930                      –                     –           107,127           120,803       Information

                        29 Nov 2022           30 Sep 2025                        911,721                    –                     –                 –             911,721
                        5 Sep 2023            30 Jun 2025                              –            315,000                       –                 –           315,000

                                                                                                                                                                              Intellectual
                        27 Oct 2023           30 Jun 2025                              –          1,533,557                       –           67,080           1,466,477
                        27 Oct 2023           30 Sep 2026                              –          6,134,229                       –          268,320          5,865,909

                                                                                                                                                                              Property Report
                        29 Nov 2023           30 Jun 2025                              –               667,441                    –                 –            667,441
                        10 Jan 2024           30 Jun 2025                              –            398,725                       –                 –           398,725
                        10 Jan 2024           30 Sep 2026                              –          1,879,703                       –                 –          1,879,703
                        4 Jun 2024            31 Jan 2025                              –            170,000                       –                 –           170,000
                        Total                                               17,548,885           11,098,655             1,629,516           1,519,479       25,498,545        Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                              Directory
                        1. Unvested rights at the end of the year are not available for employees to exercise into shares.



                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                               81                                                     Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        27. Share-Based Payments continued
                        Performance rights continued
                        (b) Fair value of performance rights granted continued
                        Information used in assessing the fair value of 11,098,655 performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2024
                        is as follows:

                        Right grant date                                                 5 September 2023        27 October 2023         27 October 2023

                        Number of rights granted                                                    315,000               1,533,557             5,837,013

                        Vesting date                                                           30 June 2025           30 June 2025 30 September 2026

                        Performance measure                                                             KPIs                     KPIs                KPIs




For personal use only
                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                               70%                      70%                 70%

                        Risk-free interest rate                                                        3.91%                    4.32%              4.32%

                        Expected dividend yield                                                            –                        –                    –

                        Share price at grant date                                                      $0.14                    $0.14               $0.14

                        Assessed fair value                                                            $0.14                    $0.14               $0.14


                        Right grant date                                                  27 October 2023       29 November 2023         10 January 2024

                        Number of rights granted                                                     297,216                667,441               398,725

                        Vesting date                                                   30 September 2026              30 June 2025          30 June 2025

                        Performance measure                                                              TSR                     KPIs                KPIs

                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                               70%                      70%                 70%

                        Risk-free interest rate                                                       4.32%                     4.21%              3.95%

                        Expected dividend yield                                                            –                        –                    –

                        Share price at grant date                                                      $0.14                    $0.14               $0.16

                        Assessed fair value                                                           $0.08                     $0.14               $0.16


                        Right grant date                                                     10 January 2024      10 January 2024            4 June 2024

                        Number of rights granted                                                    1,315,792               563,911              170,000

                        Vesting date                                                   30 September 2026 30 September 2026                31 January 2025

                        Performance measure                                                             KPIs                      TSR                KPIs

                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                               70%                      70%                 70%

                        Risk-free interest rate                                                       3.70%                     3.70%               4.19%

                        Expected dividend yield                                                            –                        –                    –

                        Share price at grant date                                                      $0.16                    $0.16               $0.10

                        Assessed fair value                                                            $0.16                     $0.11              $0.10


                        Share price volatility and the risk-free interest rate are obtained through an independent valuation.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     82                                                Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                Report




                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration
                        Information used in assessing the fair value of 5,189,084 performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                                                Report
                        is as follows:

                        Right grant date                                                  27 October 2022        27 October 2022         27 October 2022

                        Number of rights granted                                                    809,887              3,097,706                 141,840


                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Independence
                        Vesting date                                                           30 June 2024 30 September 2025 30 September 2025

                        Performance measure                                                             KPIs                     KPIs                  TSR



                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                              60%                       60%                  60%

                        Risk-free interest rate                                                       3.49%                     3.33%               3.33%

                        Expected dividend yield                                                            –                        –                     –




For personal use only
                        Share price at grant date                                                      $0.61                    $0.61                $0.61


                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Financial
                        Assessed fair value                                                            $0.61                    $0.61                $0.36




                                                                                                                                                                Statements
                        Right grant date                                                29 November 2022       29 November 2022         29 November 2022

                        Number of rights granted                                                    227,930                638,205                 273,516

                        Vesting date                                                           30 June 2024 30 September 2025 30 September 2025




                                                                                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated
                        Performance measure                                                             KPIs                     KPIs                  TSR

                        Expected price volatility of the company’s shares                              60%                       60%                  60%

                        Risk-free interest rate                                                       3.40%                     3.22%               3.22%



                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                        Expected dividend yield                                                            –                        –                     –

                        Share price at grant date                                                     $0.52                     $0.52                $0.52

                        Assessed fair value                                                           $0.52                     $0.52                $0.28


                                                                                                                                                                Directors’
                        Share price volatility and the risk-free interest rate are obtained through an independent valuation.
                                                                                                                                                                Declaration
                        Shares
                        (a) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)

                                                                                                                                                                Independent
                        All staff are eligible to participate in the Starpharma Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan). The objective of the $1,000 Plan is to
                        assist in the reward, retention and motivation of employees of the group. An annual allocation of up to $1,000 of shares may be
                        granted and taxed on a concessional basis. Shares are granted under the $1,000 Plan for no consideration and are escrowed
                                                                                                                                                                Auditor’s Report
                        for three years whilst participants are employed by the group.




                                                                                                                                                                Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                                Information




                                                                                                                                                                Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     83                                                 Annual Report 2024
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued
                        30 JUNE 2024



                        27. Share-Based Payments continued
                        (b) Fair value of shares granted
                        The weighted average fair value at grant date of shares granted under the $1,000 Plan during the year ended 30 June 2024
                        was $0.14 per share (2023: $0.68 per share). The fair value at grant date is determined by the share price on the date of grant.
                        These shares were granted for no consideration. There was no allocation of shares under the plan to key management personnel.

                                                                                                                  30 June 2024            30 June 2023

                        Share grant date                                                                         31 January 2024        1 February 2023

                        Number of shares granted                                                                       250,005                   67,620

                        Share price at grant date/Assessed fair value                                                      $0.14                  $0.68




For personal use only
                        Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
                        Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the period were as follows:

                                                                                                                       30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                             $’000              $’000

                        Employee shares issued                                                                                     35                 46

                        Employee performance rights                                                                            1,431                2,014

                                                                                                                               1,466             2,060



                        28. Parent Entity Financial Information
                        (a) Summary financial information
                        The individual financial statements for the parent entity (Starpharma Holdings Ltd) show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                                               Parent entity

                                                                                                                       30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                             $’000              $’000

                        Balance sheet

                        Current assets                                                                                       22,359              33,374

                        Total assets                                                                                         22,359              33,374

                        Current liabilities                                                                                    1,656                1,744

                        Total liabilities                                                                                      1,656                1,744


                        Shareholders’ equity

                        Contributed equity                                                                                  240,750             240,715

                        Reserves                                                                                              29,221             27,790

                        Accumulated losses                                                                                 (249,269)           (236,875)

                        Loss for the year                                                                                    (12,394)            (14,541)

                        Total comprehensive income                                                                           (12,394)           (14,541)


                        (b) Contingencies of the parent entity
                        The parent entity has no contingent assets or liabilities at 30 June 2024 (2023: nil).




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        84                                           Annual Report 2024
                        Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement                                                                                               Directors’

                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024                                                                                                        Report




                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                               Report
                                                                                                        Place of
                                                                                                        business/country          Australian resident
                        Name of entity                Type of entity           % of share capital       of incorporation          or foreign resident

                        Starpharma Holdings Ltd       Body Corporate           N/A                      Australia                 Australian



                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                        Starpharma Pty Ltd            Body Corporate           100                      Australia                 Australian




                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                        Basis of preparation
                        This consolidated entity disclosure statement (CEDS) has been prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and
                        includes information for each entity that was part of the consolidated entity as at the end of the financial year in accordance
                        with AASB 10 Consolidated Financial Statements.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial




                                                                                                                                                               Statements




                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                                               Directors’

                                                                                                                                                               Declaration




                                                                                                                                                               Independent


                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report




                                                                                                                                                               Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                               Information




                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                               Property Report




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     85                                                Annual Report 2024
                        Directors’ Declaration
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024



                        In the directors’ opinion:
                        (a) the financial statements and notes set out on pages 56 to 84 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                           (i) complying with accounting standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting
                               requirements, and
                           (ii) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of its performance for
                                the financial year ended on that date, and
                        (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due
                            and payable, and
                        (c) the consolidated entity disclosure statement on page 85 is true and correct.

                        Note 1(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
                        International Accounting Standards Board.




For personal use only
                        The directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by section 295A
                        of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                        Robert B Thomas AO
                        Chairman

                        Melbourne, 22 August 2024




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      86                                                 Annual Report 2024
                        Independent Audit Report                                                                                                                         Directors’

                        TO THE MEMBERS OF STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                                                                    Report




                                                                                                                                                                         Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                         Report




                                                                                                                                                                         Auditor’s Independence




                                                                                                                                                                         Declaration
                                             Independent auditor’s report
                                             To the members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

                                             Report on the audit of the financial report




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                         Consolidated Financial
                                             Our opinion
                                             In our opinion:


                                                                                                                                                                         Statements
                                             The accompanying financial report of Starpharma Holdings Limited (the Company) and its controlled
                                             entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                             (a)      giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of its
                                                      financial performance for the year then ended
                                             (b)      complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.



                                                                                                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated
                                             What we have audited
                                             The financial report comprises:




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
                                                     the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2024
                                                     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
                                                     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
                                                     the consolidated income statement for the year then ended
                                                     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
                                                      information and other explanatory information
                                                     the consolidated entity disclosure statement as at 30 June 2024                                                    Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                         Declaration
                                                     the directors’ declaration.

                                             Basis for opinion
                                             We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under

                                                                                                                                                                         Independent
                                             those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                                             report section of our report.

                                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis                        Auditor’s Report
                                             for our opinion.

                                             Independence
                                                                                                                                                                         Shareholder
                                             We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                                             Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical
                                             Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence                              Information
                                             Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
                                             fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



                                                                                                                                                                         Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                                         Property Report

                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                             2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                                             T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999
                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                                         Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                                   87                                            Annual Report 2024
                        Independent Audit Report continued
                        TO THE MEMBERS OF STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED




                                            Our audit approach
                                            An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
                                            material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                                            individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of




For personal use only
                                            users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                                            We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
                                            opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                                            structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.

                                                                Audit scope                                           Key audit matters

                                               Our audit focused on where the Group made              Amongst other relevant topics, we communicated
                                                subjective judgements; for example, significant         the Research and Development Tax Incentive key
                                                accounting estimates involving assumptions and          audit matter to the Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                inherently uncertain future events.
                                               Audit procedures are predominantly performed by        This is further described in the Key audit matters
                                                PwC Australia, consistent with the location of          section of our report.
                                                Group management and financial records.


                                            Key audit matters
                                            Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                                            our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matter was addressed in the
                                            context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
                                            not provide a separate opinion on this matter. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
                                            particular audit procedure is made in that context.

                                            Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                            Research and Development Tax Incentive                  We performed the following procedures, amongst
                                            Receivable                                              others, to assess the Group’s estimate of the R&D Tax
                                                                                                    Incentive receivable as at 30 June 2024:
                                            (Refer to note 3 critical accounting estimates and
                                            judgements, note 6 expenses and note 9 current
                                            assets - trade and other receivables)
                                                                                                           compared the estimate recorded in the
                                                                                                            consolidated financial statements as at 30
                                                                                                            June 2023 to the amount of cash received
                                            The Group undertakes research and development                   after lodgement of the R&D Tax Incentive
                                            (R&D) activities, some of which, could qualify for a            claim to assess historical accuracy of the
                                            refundable tax offset under the Australian Government           Group’s estimate.
                                            R&D Tax Incentive scheme. The Group has assessed
                                            these activities and related expenditure to determine
                                                                                                           compared the nature of the underlying R&D
                                            their eligibility under the incentive scheme.
                                                                                                            expenditure included in the current year
                                                                                                            estimate to the nature of expenditure included
                                            The R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded as at 30              in the prior year estimate.
                                            June 2024 was $5.52 million and $5.52 million was
                                            recognised as a contra R&D expense in the                      assessed the nature of a sample of expenses
                                            consolidated income statement for the year ended 30             against the eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax
                                            June 2024.                                                      Incentive programme.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                           88                                                       Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’

                                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                             Report




                                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Independence




                                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                                            Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                            This is a key audit matter due to:                               agreed a sample of eligible expenditure in the
                                                                                                              estimate to the general ledger, supporting
                                                                                                             documentation or other underlying accounting




For personal use only
                                                      the financial significance of the amount



                                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial
                                                      receivable as at 30 June 2024; and                      records.

                                                     the degree of judgement and interpretation of          obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                      the R&D tax legislation required by the Group           company’s external tax advisor and agreed



                                                                                                                                                                             Statements
                                                      to assess the eligibility of the R&D                    relevant advice to the Group’s R&D Tax
                                                      expenditure under the scheme.                           Incentive Receivable calculation for the
                                                                                                              current financial year.

                                                                                                             evaluated the reasonableness of the
                                                                                                              disclosures against the requirements of
                                                                                                              Australian Accounting Standards.




                                                                                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                                            Other information
                                            The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                                            information included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2024, but does not include the
                                            financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                                            Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’
                                            express any form of assurance conclusion thereon through our opinion on the financial report. We
                                            have issued a separate opinion on the remuneration report.
                                                                                                                                                                             Declaration
                                            In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                                            and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                                            report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


                                                                                                                                                                             Independent
                                            If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
                                            this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are

                                                                                                                                                                             Auditor’s Report
                                            required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                                            Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                                            The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report in accordance

                                                                                                                                                                             Shareholder
                                            with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true and fair
                                            view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
                                                                                                                                                                             Information
                                            the financial report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                            In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                                            continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                                            going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease

                                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual
                                            operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


                                                                                                                                                                             Property Report




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                             Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                              89                                                     Annual Report 2024
                        Independent Audit Report continued
                        TO THE MEMBERS OF STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED




                                            Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                                            Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                                            free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                                            includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that




For personal use only
                                            an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                                            misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                                            if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                                            decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                                            A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing
                                            and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                                            https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of our
                                            auditor's report.

                                            Report on the remuneration report

                                            Our opinion on the remuneration report
                                            We have audited the remuneration report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June
                                            2024.

                                            In our opinion, the remuneration report of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June
                                            2024 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                                            Responsibilities
                                            The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                                            remuneration report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility
                                            is to express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                                            Australian Auditing Standards.




                                            PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                            Brad Peake                                                                                       Melbourne
                                            Partner                                                                                      22 August 2024




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                           90                                                      Annual Report 2024
                        Shareholder Information                                                                                                      Directors’

                                                                                                                                                     Report




                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                        Supplementary information as required by ASX listing requirements.
                                                                                                                                                     Report
                        A. Distribution of Equity Shareholders
                        Equity security holders by size of holding, as at 14 August 2024:



                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Independence
                                                                                                                  Class of equity security

                                                                                                                                  Performance



                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                                                                                                                     Shares              rights

                        1 –1,000                                                                                      2,046                     –
                        1,001–5,000                                                                                    2,332                    –
                        5,001–10,000                                                                                   1,021                    –




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                     Consolidated Financial
                        10,001–100,000                                                                                 1,688                    3
                        100,001 and over                                                                                382                   38
                        Total                                                                                         7,469                    41


                        There were 4,471 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.                                                Statements



                        B. Equity Security Holders


                                                                                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated
                        The names of the 20 largest holders of quoted equity securities as at 14 August 2024:

                                                                                                                     Ordinary shares




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                Name                                                                            Number held       issued shares

                        1.      HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                         81,247,474               19.70
                        2.      JP Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                          31,174,308                 7.56
                        3.      Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                    15,203,959                  3.69
                                                                                                                                                     Directors’
                        4.      BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd                                                          14,494,331                 3.51
                                                                                                                                                     Declaration
                        5.      Bell Potter Nominees Ltd <BB Nominees A/C>                                       9,000,000                   2.18
                        6.      Ingot Capital Investments Pty Ltd                                                8,705,000                    2.11


                                                                                                                                                     Independent
                        7.      T & N Argyrides Investments P/L <T & N Argyrides Pension A/C>                    5,060,000                   1.23
                        8.      BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Clearstream>                                        4,866,370                   1.18

                                                                                                                                                     Auditor’s Report
                        9.      Mr Kingsley Bryan Bartholomew                                                      4,612,025                  1.12
                        10.     Lavya Pty Ltd <Lavya Family A/C>                                                  4,344,628                  1.05
                        11.     BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending A/C>                                 4,267,008                  1.03

                                                                                                                                                     Shareholder
                        12.     HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – A/C 2                                   4,141,107                1.00

                                                                                                                                                     Information
                        13.     Mr Peter Murray Jackson                                                            3,921,959               0.95
                        14.     E Equities Pty Ltd                                                               3,700,000                 0.90
                        15.     All-States Finance Pty Limited                                                   3,500,000                 0.85


                                                                                                                                                     Intellectual
                        16.     Applecross Secretarial Services Pty Ltd <L Gorr Family A/C>                        3,361,550               0.82
                        17.     Ms Jacinth Fairley                                                                3,252,386                0.79
                        18.     Charles & Cornelia Goode Foundation Pty Ltd <CCG Foundation A/C>                 3,200,000                 0.78      Property Report

                        19.     Mr Thomas Argyrou                                                                3,000,000                 0.73
                        20.     BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <IB AU Noms Retail Client>                            2,739,822               0.66
                                                                                                                 213,791,927              51.84      Corporate

                                                                                                                                                     Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                         91                                  Annual Report 2024
                        Shareholder Information continued


                        B. Equity Security Holders continued
                                                                                                                        Unquoted equity securities
                                                                                                                           over ordinary shares

                                                                                                                            Number            Number
                        Name                                                                                                on issue        of holders

                        Employee performance rights                                                                      25,498,545                  41



                        C. Substantial Holders
                        Substantial shareholders with a shareholding greater than 5% as shown in substantial shareholder notices received by the
                        company as at 16 August 2024:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             Ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                        Percentage of
                        Name                                                                                           Number held        issue shares

                        Allianz SE                                                                                      48,480,000                  11.8

                        ICM Investment Management Ltd                                                                    33,066,682                8.0

                        Allan Gray Australia Pty Ltd                                                                     27,938,497                 6.8



                        D. Voting Rights
                        The voting rights attached to each class of equity securities are set out below:

                        (a) Ordinary shares	On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote
                                             and on a poll each share shall have one vote.
                        (b) Performance rights         No voting rights.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      92                                            Annual Report 2024
                        Intellectual Property Report                                                                                                           Directors’

                                                                                                                                                               Report




                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration
                        The Starpharma patent portfolio currently has 19 active patent families with over 150 granted patents and more than 40 patent
                                                                                                                                                               Report
                        applications pending.

                        Key patents within the Starpharma portfolio as at 31 July 2024:

                                                               Priority date and


                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence
                        Title                                 publication number                Patents granted                Applications pending

                        VivaGel® patent portfolio



                                                                                                                                                               Declaration
                        Agents for the Prevention               30 March 2001                         USA
                        & Treatment of Sexually                 WO02/079299
                        Transmitted Diseases

                        Microbicidal Dendrimer                18 October 2005             Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia,
                        Composition Delivery System           WO2007/045009                South Korea, Taiwan, USA




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Financial
                        (Condom related)

                        Method of Treatment or                   16 May 2011         Australia, Canada, China, Europe,
                        Prophylaxis of Bacterial               WO2012/000891         Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, Mexico,


                                                                                                                                                               Statements
                        Vaginosis                                                        Russia, South Korea, USA

                        Method of Treatment or                13 September 2012             Canada, China, Europe,
                        Prophylaxis of Infection of the Eye    WO2014/043576              Hong Kong, India, Japan, USA

                        Drug Delivery patent portfolio (includes DEP® patents)



                                                                                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated
                        Macromolecules Compounds               25 October 2005        Australia, Canada, Europe, USA
                        having Controlled Stoichiometry        WO2007/048190

                        Modified Macromolecules                20 January 2006       Australia, Canada, China, Europe,


                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                                               WO2007/082331           Hong Kong, India, Japan, USA

                        Targeted Polylysine Dendrimer           11 August 2006             China, Europe, India, USA
                        Therapeutic Agent                      WO2008/017125

                        Macromolecules                          6 June 2011           Australia, Brazil, Canada, China,                 USA
                        (Drug linkers)                         WO2012/167309         Europe, Hong Kong, Japan, South
                                                                                                 Korea, USA                                                    Directors’

                        Dendrimer Drug Conjugates               6 June 2014                     Europe, India, USA                                             Declaration
                        (DEP-Insulin/GLP1)                     WO 2015/184510

                        Therapeutic Dendrimer                    19 July 2018                         USA                 Australia, Canada, China, Europe,

                                                                                                                                                               Independent
                        (DEP-Cabazitaxel)                      WO2020/014750                                                     Japan, South Korea

                        Dendrimer for Therapy and             29 November 2018                   Australia, Japan             Canada, China, Europe,

                                                                                                                                                               Auditor’s Report
                        Imaging (DEP-radiotheranostic)        WO2020/107078                                                     South Korea, USA

                        Therapeutic Dendrimer                 20 November 2018                        India               Australia, Canada, China, Europe,
                        (DEP-Irinotecan)                       WO2020/102852                                                  Japan, South Korea, USA


                                                                                                                                                               Shareholder
                        Therapeutic Dendrimer                 26 September 2019                                           Australia, Canada, China, Europe,
                        (DEP-GEM)                              WO2021/056077                                                  Japan, South Korea, USA

                        Targeted Dendrimer                     28 August 2019                                             Australia, Canada, China, Europe,    Information
                        Conjugates (DEP-targeted)              WO2021/035310                                                  Japan, South Korea, USA

                        Method of Prophylaxis                  15 April 2020              Australia, Singapore, Taiwan,   China, Europe, Hong Kong, Japan,

                                                                                                                                                               Intellectual
                        of Coronavirus Infection              WO/2021/207790                    United Kingdom                    Saudi Arabia, USA

                        Dendrimer-drug conjugates             31 August 2020                                                       Europe, USA

                                                                                                                                                               Property Report
                        (Remdesivir)                          WO2022/040761




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                               Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                        93                                             Annual Report 2024
                        Intellectual Property Report continued



                                                              Priority date and
                        Title                                publication number              Patents granted                 Applications pending

                        Drug Delivery patent portfolio (includes DEP® patents) continued

                        Targeted Dendrimer Therapy             24 April 2024                                                 International Patent
                        (Targeted DxD)                      PCT/AU2024/050397                                              Cooperation Treaty (PCT)

                        Targeted Dendrimer Conjugates          26 March 2024                                                 Australia (provisional)
                        (Targeted FAP/Multi-targeted)          AU2024900811

                        Targeting Agent-Dendrimer              26 March 2024                                                  Australia (provisional)
                        Conjugates (Combined                   AU2024900816
                        Targeting Agent/PK Modifier)




For personal use only
                        Starpharma actively protects its trademark rights with filings and registrations in key markets. The primary marks protected
                        are STARPHARMA, VIVAGEL and VIRALEZE.




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                     94                                               Annual Report 2024
                        Corporate Directory                                                                                                            Directors’

                                                                                                                                                       Report




                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration
                        Company Name                                                   Solicitors
                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    DLA Piper                                                       Report
                        ABN 20 078 532 180                                             80 Collins Street
                                                                                       Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia

                        Directors

                                                                                                                                                       Auditor’s Independence
                        R B Thomas AO – Chairman
                                                                                       Stock Exchange Listing
                                                                                       ASX Limited
                        C Maley – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director


                                                                                                                                                       Declaration
                                                                                       Level 4, North Tower, Rialto,
                        D J McIntyre                                                   525 Collins Street
                        L Cheng                                                        Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia

                        J R Davies                                                     ASX Code: SPL




For personal use only
                        R Basser


                                                                                                                                                       Consolidated Financial
                                                                                       Starpharma’s American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)
                                                                                       trade under the code SPHRY (CUSIP number 855563102).
                        Company Secretary                                              Each Starpharma ADR is equivalent to 10 ordinary shares
                                                                                       of Starpharma as traded on the ASX. The Bank of New York


                                                                                                                                                       Statements
                        Justin Cahill
                                                                                       Mellon is the depositary bank.

                        Registered Office and Postal Address                           Starpharma’s ADRs are listed on OTCQX International
                                                                                       (www.otcmarkets.com), a premium market tier in the US
                        4-6 Southampton Crescent
                                                                                       for international exchange-listed companies operated
                        Abbotsford VIC 3067 Australia



                                                                                                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated
                                                                                       by OTC Markets Group.
                        Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
                                                                                       Website
                        Share Register

                                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
                                                                                       www.starpharma.com
                        Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                        452 Johnston Street
                        Abbotsford VIC 3067

                        GPO Box 2975
                                                                                                                                                       Directors’
                        Melbourne VIC 3001

                        1300 850 505 (within Australia)                                                                                                Declaration
                        +613 9415 4000 (outside Australia)
                        www.computershare.com


                        Auditor                                                                                                                        Independent


                                                                                                                                                       Auditor’s Report
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
                        2 Riverside Quay
                        Southbank VIC 3006 Australia



                                                                                                                                                       Shareholder

                                                                                                                                                       Information




                                                                                                                                                       Intellectual


                                                                                                                                                       Property Report




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate

                                                                                                                                                       Directory




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                               95                                              Annual Report 2024
For personal use only




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited
                        ABN 20 078 532 180
                        4-6 Southampton Crescent
                        Abbotsford VIC 3067 Australia
                        Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
                        www.starpharma.com
