                                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                              ABN 20 078 532 180


                                                                              Appendix 4E: Preliminary Financial Report
                                                                                               Year ended 30 June 2020
                                                                                                      Lodged with the ASX under Listing Rule 4.3A
                                                                                     Previous corresponding period (pcp): Year ended 30 June 2019

                        Results for announcement to the market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                          $’000

                           Revenue from continuing operations
                                                                                                Up           142%        to             $6,556
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.1)

                           Loss from continuing operations after tax attributable to
                                                                                                 Up
                           members
                                                                                             (increase)         3%       to            $14,678
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.2)

                           Loss for the period attributable to members                           Up
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.3)                                            (increase)         3%       to            $14,678


                        Dividends (Appendix 4E items 2.4 and 2.5)
                        No dividends have been paid or declared by the entity since the beginning of the current reporting period. No dividends
                        were paid for the previous corresponding period. No record date for determining entitlements to dividends has been
                        declared.

                        Explanation of Revenue (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        Revenue of $6,556,000 (2019: $2,708,000) for the year includes $6,033,000 in commercial partner revenues from
                        licensing, product sales, royalties, and research activities. Interest income on cash invested of $523,000 (2019:
                        $1,057,000) is also included. The increase in revenue reflects the AstraZeneca $4,339,000 development milestone
                        achieved during the year for the first dose of AZD0466 administered in the phase 1 trial of its first DEP® product.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Explanation of Loss (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        The loss after tax is $14,678,000 (2019: $14,254,000 loss) reflecting expensing all research and development expenditure
                        and patenting costs associated with VivaGel® and DEP® programs. The slightly increased loss compared to the prior year
                        (↑3%), relates to expanded DEP® clinical programs, with ongoing expenditure on clinical trials for DEP® docetaxel, and
                        DEP® cabazitaxel, the commencement of the DEP® irinotecan clinical trial, as well as preparations for a potential VivaGel®
                        BV treatment clinical trial.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Financial Statements (Appendix 4E items 3, 4 and 5)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Retained Earnings / Accumulated Losses (Appendix 4E item 6)
                        Refer to note 17 in the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        NTA Backing (Appendix 4E item 9)
                        Net tangible asset backing per ordinary share at 30 June 2020 is $0.08 (2019: $0.11).

                        Other Significant Information (Appendix 4E item 12)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Commentary on Results (Appendix 4E item 14)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement, including the Operating and Financial Review in the
                        Directors’ Report.

                        Audit (Appendix 4E item 15 to 17)
                        The audit of the financial statements and notes has been completed and the Auditors’ Report to members is contained in
                        the Annual Report which follows this announcement. The above NTA backing calculation is considered a non-IFRS value
                        and has not been audited or reviewed in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

                        Appendix 4E items 7, 8, 10, 11, and 13 are not applicable.




                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LTD ABN 20 078 532 180
                                                4-6 Southampton Crescent, Abbotsford 3067, Victoria, Australia
                                                Tel: +61 3 8532 2700 Fax: +61 3 9510 5955 www.starpharma.com
For personal use only
                                 Starpharma annual report and full year financial results
                        Melbourne, Australia; 27 August 2020: Starpharma (ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY) today
                        released its annual report and financial results for the year ended 30 June 2020.
                        Financial Results
                        • Cash position at 30 June 2020 of $30.1M
                        • Net cash burn 1 of $11.2M (FY19: $10.1M)
                        • Total revenue and other income of $7.1M (FY19: $2.7M), an increase of 162% compared
                           to the prior year
                        • Reported loss of $14.7M (FY19: $14.3M)
                        • Receipt of $4.9M R&D tax incentive

                        Key activities
                        •     AstraZeneca commenced phase 1 trial for its first DEP® product, AZD0466, and triggered
                              a US$3 million milestone payment to Starpharma;
                        •     DEP® irinotecan phase 1 trial commenced and was completed successfully with
                              encouraging efficacy signals observed, and progressed to a phase 2 trial;
                        •     DEP® cabazitaxel phase 1 trial was completed successfully with encouraging efficacy
                              signals observed, and progressed to a phase 2 trial;
                        •     Starpharma’s internal clinical DEP® trials for DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and
                              DEP® irinotecan progressed well with all three assets now in phase 2 trials; encouraging
                              efficacy signals were observed in each trial and multiple new sites opened;
                        •     DEP® docetaxel + gemcitabine clinical combination study commenced following ethics
                              committee and regulatory approvals;
                        •     VivaGel® BV was launched in the UK and in Central and Eastern European countries, by
                              Mundipharma under the Betadine brand; First Asian regulatory approvals were granted
                              and VivaGel® BV was launched in South East Asia; VivaGel® BV achieved product sales
                              and royalties of $1.5 million;
                        •     VivaGel® BV achieved #1 ranking in topical BV treatment in Australia, and product roll-
                              out continued in Australia under the brand name Fleurstat BVgel, and Aspen launched
                              the product in New Zealand;
                        •     SPL7013 was tested and found to have significant activity against SARS-CoV-2, the
                              coronavirus that causes COVID-19. Significant progress was made with product
                              development for a nasal spray;
                        •     Development of a DEP® radiotherapy product, DEP® lutetium, opening up a new
                              opportunity for the application of the DEP® platform;
                        •     Signed a new DEP® partnership with leading Chinese Pharmaceutical company Tianjin
                              Chase Sun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, in a new therapeutic area (anti-infectives), with
                              potential for additional programs in other therapeutic areas;


                        1 Net cash burn is considered a non-IFRS value and has not been audited in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards. Net cash burn is

                        calculated by the movement in cash and cash equivalents from 30 June 2019 to 30 June 2020.
                        •   DEP® irinotecan in combination with immuno-oncology (IO) showed superior anti-tumour
                            activity and significant survival benefit compared to IO alone in two human colorectal




For personal use only
                            cancer models;
                        •   Impressive data were reported for DEP® irinotecan, alone and in combination with
                            Lynparza®, in a refractory human colon cancer model;
                        •   DEP® gemcitabine demonstrated significantly enhanced anti-tumour activity compared
                            with Gemzar® (gemcitabine) in a human pancreatic cancer model;
                        •   A novel DEP® HER-2 Targeted ADC (Antibody Drug Conjugate) conjugate demonstrated
                            significant tumour regression and 100% survival in a preclinical human ovarian cancer
                            model;
                        •   Continued to actively pursue US FDA approval of VivaGel® BV including progressing a
                            detailed administrative review process with the agency;
                        •   Expansion of Okamoto’s licence for the VivaGel® condom in 11 further Asian countries
                            (in addition to Japan);
                        •   Achieved EU approval for the VivaGel® condom, and Lifestyles commenced marketing
                            preparations for launch in Europe;
                        •   Advanced arrangements with potential partners of new Targeted (ADC) and non-ADC
                            DEP® programs;
                        •   Signed a new DEP® partnered program with an existing partner in a novel area of cancer
                            therapeutics, and progressed DEP® program discussions with two further major
                            pharmaceutical companies;
                        •   AACR (American Association for Cancer Research) Annual Meeting 2020 featured five
                            posters based on Starpharma’s DEP® products; and
                        •   TGA licence granted to Starpharma to manufacture DEP® active pharmaceutical
                            ingredient in-house for clinical trial purposes.
                        Starpharma concluded the year in a strong financial position with a cash balance of
                        $30.1 million. Revenues for the year totalled $6.6 million including a US$3 million
                        AstraZeneca milestone payment and $1.5 million for VivaGel® product sales and royalties.
                        The net loss after tax for the year was $14.7 million, 3% higher than the previous year due to
                        increased development expenses associated with the company’s expanding clinical product
                        portfolio, which now includes three phase 2 assets.
                        Starpharma CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley, commented: “The past year has been an extraordinary
                        period for all of us. While COVID-19 has impacted companies around the world, Starpharma
                        was able to achieve a number of important milestones during the year, including: significant
                        progress with our internal clinical-stage DEP® assets with three products now in phase 2;
                        advancing multiple new development programs, including in antivirals and radiotherapy; in
                        addition to several product launches of VivaGel® BV in the UK, Europe and Asia”.
                        Dr Fairley added: “As the pandemic emerged we also identified an opportunity for a
                        preventative SPL7013 COVID-19 nasal spray. We already knew SPL7013 has broad
                        spectrum antiviral activity, and undertook further testing which established it has significant
                        activity against SARS-CoV-2. In a short period of time we have been able to develop nasal
                        formulations, select a manufacturer and appropriate device components, and have
                        undertaken pilot manufacture. We have also held discussions with regulators and confirmed
                        a rapid development pathway. Feedback from key opinion leaders confirms that a SPL7013
                        antiviral nasal spray could be an important addition in preventing the transmission of COVID-
                        19 and complementing vaccine-based strategies”.
                                                                                                                      2
                        “One of several DEP® milestones for the year included the commencement of
                        AstraZeneca’s phase 1 trial for its first DEP® product, AZD0466. In our internal DEP®




For personal use only
                        portfolio, we continued to advance our three clinical-stage DEP® assets, including initiating a
                        new combination study for DEP® docetaxel; moving DEP® cabazitaxel to phase 2; and
                        successfully completing phase 1 for DEP® irinotecan, ahead of schedule. We also made
                        some important additions to our preclinical DEP® pipeline with our first radiopharmaceutical,
                        DEP® lutetium, DEP® gemcitabine and a novel HER-2 Targeted DEP® (ADC).”
                        “In the year ahead, we will continue to advance our clinical DEP® assets and expand our
                        portfolio by moving up our preclinical programs and explore value-adding combinations to
                        increase the market opportunities. Starpharma is well positioned for further growth as we
                        achieve further approvals and launches in our VivaGel® portfolio, as well as accelerating the
                        development of our COVID-19 nasal spray.”, concluded Dr Fairley.
                        Starpharma has published a standalone ESG (Environment, Social & Governance) Report
                        which is available at https://starpharma.com/responsibility.

                        About Starpharma
                        Starpharma Holdings Limited (ASX: SPL, OTCQX:SPHRY), located in Melbourne Australia, is an ASX 300 company and is a world leader in the
                        development of dendrimer products for pharmaceutical, life science and other applications.
                        Starpharma’s underlying technology is built around dendrimers – a type of synthetic nanoscale polymer that is highly regular in size and structure
                        and well suited to pharmaceutical and medical uses. Starpharma has two core development programs: VivaGel® portfolio and DEP® drug delivery
                        with the Company developing several products internally and others via commercial partnerships.
                        VivaGel®: Starpharma’s women’s health product - VivaGel® BV is based on SPL7013, astodrimer sodium, a proprietary dendrimer. VivaGel® BV
                        for bacterial vaginosis (BV), is available for sale under the brand names Betafem® BV Gel (UK), Betadine BV™ (Europe), Betadine™ BV Gel
                        (Asia) and Fleurstat BVgel (Australia and New Zealand) and a new drug application has been submitted to the US FDA. Starpharma has licensed
                        the sales and marketing of VivaGel® BV to ITF Pharma for the US; Mundipharma for Europe, Russia, CIS, Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin
                        America; and to Aspen Pharmacare for Australia and New Zealand. Starpharma also has licence agreements to market the VivaGel® condom (an
                        antiviral condom which includes VivaGel® in the lubricant) in several regions, including Australia, Europe, Canada, China, and Japan (Okamoto).
                        The VivaGel® condom has been launched in Japan under Okamoto’s 003 brand, and in Australia and Canada under the LifeStyles Dual Protect®
                        brand. The VivaGel® condom is approved in Europe.
                        DEP® - Dendrimer Enhanced Product®: Starpharma’s DEP® drug delivery platform has demonstrated reproducible preclinical benefits across
                        multiple internal and partnered DEP® programs, including improved efficacy, safety, and survival. Starpharma has three internal DEP® products –
                        DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan - in clinical development in patients with solid tumours. Starpharma’s partnered DEP®
                        programs include a multiproduct DEP® licence with AstraZeneca, which involves the development and commercialisation of two novel oncology
                        compounds, with potential to add more. In June 2019 Starpharma signed a Development and Option agreement with AstraZeneca for a DEP®
                        version of one of AstraZeneca’s major marketed oncology medicines.
                        Starpharma.com | Twitter | LinkedIn

                        Media:                                                    Starpharma Holdings Limited                                                Disclosure
                        WE Communications                                         Dr Jackie Fairley, Chief Executive Officer                                 This ASX Announcement was
                        Rebecca Wilson                                            Nigel Baade, CFO and Company Secretary                                     authorised for release by the
                        Mob: +61 417 382 391                                      +61 3 8532 2704                                                            Board of Directors.
                        rwilson@we-worldwide.com                                  investor.relations@starpharma.com
                        Arthur Chan                                               4-6 Southampton Crescent
                        +61 2 9237 2805                                           Abbotsford Vic 3067
                        arthurc@we-worldwide.com
                        Forward Looking Statements
                        This document contains certain forward-looking statements, relating to Starpharma’s business, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such
                        as “promising”, “plans”, “anticipated”, “will”, “project”, “believe”, “forecast”, “expected”, “estimated”, “targeting”, “aiming”, “set to”, “potential”, “seeking to”, “goal”, “could
                        provide”, “intends”, “is being developed”, “could be”, “on track”, or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential filings or marketing
                        approvals, or potential future sales of product candidates. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
                        may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. There can be no
                        assurance that any existing or future regulatory filings will satisfy the FDA’s and other authorities’ requirements regarding any one or more product candidates nor can
                        there be any assurance that such product candidates will be approved by any authorities for sale in any market or that they will reach any particular level of sales. In
                        particular, management’s expectations regarding the approval and commercialization of the product candidates could be affected by, among other things, unexpected
                        trial results, including additional analysis of existing data, and new data; unexpected regulatory actions or delays, or government regulation generally; our ability to
                        obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection; competition in general; government, industry, and general public pricing pressures; and
                        additional factors that involve significant risks and uncertainties about our products, product candidates, financial results and business prospects. Should one or more
                        of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein as
                        anticipated, believed, estimated, or expected. Starpharma is providing this information as of the date of this document and does not assume any obligation to update
                        any forward-looking statements contained in this document as a result of new information, future events, or developments or otherwise.


                                                                                                                                                                                                           3
For personal use only


                  Annual Report 2020
For personal use only
                        01   Highlights
                        02   Chairman’s Letter
                        03   CEO’s Report
                        12   Environment, Social & Governance
                        13   Directors’ Report
                        16       Operating & Financial Review
                        20       Remuneration Report
                        43   Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                        44   Corporate Governance Statement
                        50   Annual Financial Report
                        80   Independent Audit Report to the Members
                        85   Shareholder Information
                        87   Intellectual Property Report
                        88   Corporate Directory
                 2020 HIGHLIGHTS




For personal use only
               ►► AstraZeneca’s first      ►► Kinghorn Cancer Centre    ►► DEP® radiotherapeutic           ►► Okamoto added 11
                   DEP® product, AZD0466,      trial site opened for           candidate, DEP®                    more Asian countries
                  commenced phase 1,           DEP® irinotecan and             lutetium, showed                   to its VivaGel® condom
                  triggering US$3M             DEP® cabazitaxel                significant anti-cancer            licence
                  milestone                    clinical trials                 activity and 100%
                                                                               survival in a human
                                                                               prostate cancer model           ►► VivaGel® condom
               ►► Leading cancer site,     ►► VivaGel® BV launched in                                            received regulatory
                  MD Anderson Cancer            the UK following earlier                                           approval in Europe
                  Center, opened for            launches in Europe         ►► DEP® irinotecan +
                  AstraZeneca's                                               immuno-oncology agent
                  AZD0466 trial                                               resulted in superior             ►► Five DEP® posters
                                            ►► VivaGel® BV approved          anti-tumour activity                presented at AACR
                                                and launched in multiple      and significant survival            showcasing
                                                countries in Asia, with       benefit in two human                AstraZeneca’s first
                                                further roll-out              colorectal cancer models            DEP® product,
                                                underway                                                          AZD0466, as well as
               ►► DEP® irinotecan phase                                                                          DEP® docetaxel, DEP®
                   1/2 trial commenced                                                                            cabazitaxel and DEP®
                   and advanced into        ►► VivaGel® BV launched                                             irinotecan
                   phase 2 ahead of            in Central and Eastern
                   schedule on positive        Europe
                   results

                                                                           ►► DEP® irinotecan, alone
                                                                               and in combination with
                                                                               Lynparza®, showed
                                                                                                               ►► TGA licence granted
                                                                              significant anti-tumour
                                                                                                                  to Starpharma to
                                                                              efficacy and synergy in
                                            ►► Fleurstat BVgel ranked                                            manufacture DEP®
                                                                              an irinotecan-refractory
               ►► DEP® cabazitaxel trial      as #1 topical BV                                                   Active Pharmaceutical
                                                                              human colon cancer
                   advanced into phase 2       treatment in Australia                                             Ingredient for
                                                                              model
                   on positive results                                                                            clinical trials

                                            ►► Fleurstat BVgel
                                               launched
                                               in New Zealand


                                                                           ►► New DEP® candidate,
               ►► DEP® docetaxel +
                                                                                DEP® gemcitabine,
                   gemcitabine
                                                                                demonstrated
                   combination study
                                                                                significantly enhanced
                   commenced
                                                                                anti-tumour activity
                                            ►► SPL7013 shown to be
                                                                                in a human pancreatic
                                               active against SARS-
                                                                                cancer model
                                               CoV-2 (coronavirus)




                                                                           ►► New DEP® candidate,
                                                                              DEP® HER-2 ADC,
                                                                                demonstrated
                                                                                significant tumour
                                                                                regression and 100%
                                                                                survival in a preclinical
                                                                                human ovarian cancer
                                                                                model

                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   1
                   CHAIRMAN'S LETTER




               On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to               company continued to achieve critical            In parallel with advancing our clinical-stage
               present our 2020 Annual Report.                         milestones in both its VivaGel® and DEP®         assets, we also expanded our DEP®
                                                                       portfolios. In FY20, Starpharma expanded         pipeline with three new preclinical
               FY2020 was a year of growth for
                                                                       its global footprint for VivaGel® BV, securing   programs, including in the growing,
               Starpharma. We achieved launches of
                                                                       regulatory approvals including in Asia and       high-value area of radiotherapy. Each of
               VivaGel® BV in the UK, Europe and Asia.
                                                                       other regions, and successfully launched         these new DEP® assets demonstrated
               Our internal DEP® clinical-stage assets
                                                                       the product in the UK, in countries in           compelling and impressive preclinical




For personal use only
               were advanced with three products now in
                                                                       Central and Eastern Europe, Asia and New         data and addresses therapeutic areas that
               phase 2 while multiple new development
                                                                       Zealand. Further manufacturing campaigns         have significant unmet need for patients.
               programs, including antivirals and
                                                                       and regulatory submissions were
               radiotherapy, were advanced. Before I                                                                    The DEP® science is truly world class
                                                                       completed which will support additional
               detail those achievements and how we are                                                                 and momentum for the DEP® platform
                                                                       launches in FY21. The global expansion for
               delivering on our strategy, I want to first                                                              is building with new partners and new
                                                                       VivaGel® BV remains on track despite the
               reflect on the current environment and our                                                               therapeutic areas, including anti-infectives
                                                                       disruption of COVID-19 to partner sales
               response to the COVID-19 pandemic.                                                                       and antivirals.
                                                                       and marketing activities and some impact
               This has been an unprecedented period                   on consumer demand.                              Developing new pharmaceutical and
               that has called for clear planning and                                                                   medical products is both challenging and
                                                                       Our commercialisation journey with
               leadership. As the pandemic emerged,                                                                     rewarding. Our people care passionately
                                                                       VivaGel® BV has brought much value to
               our company employed a broad range                                                                       about improving patient health and the
                                                                       the company, and also some challenges in
               of measures to protect the health and                                                                    company’s culture is embedded with a
                                                                       relation to the US, given the request for
               safety of our staff and clinical trial patients.                                                         mix of patient-centric and commercially-
                                                                       confirmatory data despite the fact that other
               Starpharma’s leadership team is managing                                                                 focussed values. These values are
                                                                       regulators in Europe, Australia and Asia
               the changes to business activities very                                                                  featured in our inaugural Environment,
                                                                       have already approved the product. We
               effectively and to date, disruptions to our                                                              Social and Governance (ESG) Report.
                                                                       continue to diligently work with expert
               laboratory, office and supply chain have
                                                                       advisers through an administrative review        We sincerely thank our CEO, Dr Jackie
               been minimal although some clinical trials
                                                                       process with the FDA.                            Fairley, and the entire Starpharma team
               have obviously been impacted. While our
                                                                                                                        for their commitment and work during the
               team adapted quickly to addressing the                  As the commercialisation of our DEP®
                                                                                                                        year. I also thank my fellow board
               challenges during this pandemic, they                   platform progresses further, it has the
                                                                                                                        members, and collectively we congratulate
               never lost sight of our commercial strategy:            potential to deliver immense value to
                                                                                                                        retiring director, Richard Hazleton, for his
               to utilise our proprietary dendrimer                    the company. This year our partner
                                                                                                                        invaluable contribution over the past 13
               technology to build a stable of high-value              AstraZeneca advanced its first DEP®
                                                                                                                        years. We are committed to developing our
               products and partnerships that address                  product, AZD0466, into a multicentre
                                                                                                                        Board capability and we were delighted to
               significant unmet patient need for the                  phase 1 trial in the US. AZD0466 was
                                                                                                                        welcome David McIntyre as a director in
               betterment of the community and our                     also the subject of three scientific posters
                                                                                                                        March this year. David has extensive and
               shareholders.                                           presented at this year’s American
                                                                                                                        broad life sciences experience including in
                                                                       Association of Cancer Research annual
               All our development programs continued                                                                   finance, strategy and commercialisation
                                                                       meeting, and this partnered program
               to progress well. Importantly our scientists                                                             both in Australia and the USA.
                                                                       continues to demonstrate the significant
               also identified new opportunities to use
                                                                       commercial potential of our DEP® platform.       We are grateful for the continued support
               Starpharma’s technology and assets to
                                                                                                                        of Starpharma’s shareholders, customers
               develop therapies to combat COVID-19.                   I cannot overemphasise the potential
                                                                                                                        and business partners. The company has
                                                                       value of DEP®. The versatility and broad
               With the knowledge that our proprietary                                                                  an increasingly broad and high-value
                                                                       applicability of this platform is further
               dendrimer SPL7013 (the active component                                                                  product pipeline, with 150+ patents and a
                                                                       demonstrated with the signing of new
               in VivaGel®) had significant antiviral activity                                                          growing list of partners – and has potential
                                                                       research agreements this year, including
               against viruses such as HIV, HSV, HPV,                                                                   to deliver a substantial contribution to
                                                                       with Chase Sun and other commercial
               Adenovirus, HBV, and Zika – it made sense                                                                patient and customer health while creating
                                                                       partners, in anti-infectives, oncology and
               to test VivaGel® against the coronavirus                                                                 significant long-term value for our
                                                                       other therapeutic areas. It is one of the
               and we were pleased to see it demonstrate                                                                shareholders.
                                                                       most compelling commercial benefits of
               significant activity against SARS-CoV-2,
                                                                       the platform, that DEP® can be licensed          Yours Sincerely,
               the coronavirus that causes COVID-19.
                                                                       to multiple partners, and be applied to
               Starpharma’s SPL7013 preventative nasal                 multiple products in parallel, which
               spray for COVID-19 is being developed                   creates remarkable optionality.
               with great urgency given the immense                                                                                                        !
                                                                       From both a commercial and community
               need for such a product for the broader
                                                                       perspective, we were extremely pleased to        Rob Thomas AO
               population and especially for frontline
                                                                       see positive results for patients treated with   Starpharma Chairman
               workers in the health, aged care and the
                                                                       our DEP® products. We now have clinical
               travel industry. With VivaGel® already
                                                                       data for each of our three phase 2 DEP®
               approved in many major markets, we
                                                                       products including clear efficacy signals as
               expect the product to be ready for market
                                                                       well as reduced impacts of a range of side
               within 12 months. The product may also
                                                                       effects typically experienced with originator
               have application beyond COVID-19
                                                                       (non-DEP®) products. Starpharma is
               including for common respiratory viruses
                                                                       making every effort to accelerate these
               and potential use in future pandemics.
                                                                       trials, including opening new sites, to
               Notwithstanding the immense workload                    achieve the requisite phase 2 data to
               of this new antiviral program, and the                  support licensing of our internal DEP®
               challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, the                assets.




               2    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                 CEO'S REPORT




               We entered 2020 with a deep portfolio and a strong balance
               sheet, which provided an excellent foundation to handle the
               challenging environment presented by the COVID-19 pandemic.
               Our team responded rapidly to the evolving situation, implementing
               a business continuity plan to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19
               and a comprehensive program of measures to protect the health                                Dr Jackie Fairley,
               and safety of our staff and trial patients. Starpharma has




For personal use only
                                                                                                      Chief Executive Officer

               continued to operate with minimal disruption, including the
               Company’s laboratory and in-house GMP manufacturing facilities.
               We stayed the course by focussing on strategic priorities to          “With four DEP® products now
               advance and commercialise our products, while repurposing
               our approved VivaGel® active and leveraging the DEP® platform.         in the clinic, and a pipeline of other
               I am pleased to report on the milestones achieved in both of our
               portfolios – notably, additional regulatory approvals and market
                                                                                      high-potential candidates, the DEP®
               launches for VivaGel® BV – and progression of our lead DEP®                platform is generating a deep portfolio
               products through clinical trials and three exciting new candidates
               in our preclinical pipeline.                                               of valuable assets. During the year,
               During the year, VivaGel® BV continued to increase its geographic      we added three new DEP® products to our
               footprint with launches in the UK, Central and Eastern Europe –        preclinical program – which has continued
               and also in Asia, following first approvals in that region. We were
               pleased to expand our licence with Okamoto, our Japanese                   to generate consistent, impressive
               VivaGel® condom partner, adding 11 additional countries. While in
               the European market, we achieved EU approval for the                   results in a range of cancer types that have
               VivaGel® condom.                                                           otherwise limited options for patients.”
               We also advanced each of our lead DEP products, including
                                                        ®

               commencing a new combination study for DEP® docetaxel
               focused on pancreatic cancer; advancing DEP® cabazitaxel to           As companies and research organisations race to develop a
               phase 2; and commencing the first human trial for DEP®                vaccine and treatments for COVID-19, Starpharma is also playing
               irinotecan. The trial for DEP® irinotecan made excellent progress     a role. We already knew that SPL7013 has broad spectrum
               and, despite COVID-19, moved into phase 2 ahead of schedule           antiviral activity against a range of viruses, so following the
               on positive results. In parallel, our partner, AstraZeneca,           emergence of the pandemic, we independently tested SPL7013
               commenced a clinical trial for its first DEP® product, AZD0466,       for COVID-19 activity. Data from multiple studies has shown
               most recently opening the highly prestigious MD Anderson              SPL7013 has significant antiviral activity against SARS-CoV-2,
               Cancer Center, in the US, as a site. We also advanced three new       the coronavirus that causes COVID-19.
               DEP® candidates from discovery into our preclinical pipeline,         A key advantage in repurposing SPL7013 as a preventative
               including in the exciting area of radiopharmaceuticals.               COVID-19 nasal spray is that it has already been shown to be
                                                                                     safe and well tolerated in humans. SPL7013 has been approved
                                                                                     – as the active in VivaGel® products – and is already on market,
                                                                                     which means the development pathway can be much faster than
                                                                                     developing a product from scratch.




                                   Starpharma's portfolio of high-value assets including products on market

               EXTENSIVE & GROWING PIPELINE                              MULTIPLE CLINICAL                                                               APPROVED
               OF PROPRIETARY ASSETS                                      STAGE ASSETS                                                                   PRODUCTS




                                                                                                  LATE STAGE
                                       PRECLINICAL                                               DEVELOPMENT/
                        RESEARCH      DEVELOPMENT            PHASE 1            PHASE 2           REGULATORY                             PRODUCTS




                                                                                                     SUBMISSION




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   3
For personal use only
                                                                                   Global expansion of VivaGel® BV
                                                                                   continued in FY20 with launches in the UK,
               VivaGel® BV global launch
                                                                                   in Europe, Asia and New Zealand




               VivaGel® BV is a highly novel, non-antibiotic therapy for the       Mundipharma further expanded VivaGel® BV’s geographic
               treatment of bacterial vaginosis (BV) and prevention of recurrent   footprint by also launching in Asia in 2020, following receipt of the
               BV. BV is the most common vaginal infection worldwide and           first regulatory approvals during the period. BETADINE™ BV Gel
               twice as common as thrush. Approximately one in three women         was initially launched in multiple countries in South East Asia, and
               will experience BV and half of these women will have recurrent      is available over-the-counter without a prescription.
               BV. VivaGel® BV is an Australian innovation – invented, fully
                                                                                   Asia is the second major region in which Mundipharma has
               developed, registered and commercialised by Starpharma.
                                                                                   launched VivaGel® BV and is a significant market, with more
               BV is a troublesome and often recurrent condition that causes       than 1 billion women. Mundipharma have a leading position in
               unpleasant vaginal odour and discharge, symptoms that have          feminine care in Asia with their successful international brand
               significant social impact for women. BV is also associated with     BETADINE.
               a range of other serious reproductive health-related medical
                                                                                   Starpharma’s and Mundipharma’s marketing, supply and
               problems including infertility and still birth.
                                                                                   regulatory teams continue to work actively together on further
               VivaGel® BV is marketed in multiple countries under the brand       launches of VivaGel® BV in Mundipharma’s territories.
               names Betafem® BV Gel (UK), BETADINE BV™ Gel (Europe),              A significant number of additional regulatory submissions were
               BETADINE™ BV Gel (Asia) and Fleurstat BVgel (Australia and          made during the year and further submissions and approvals
               New Zealand).                                                       are expected in the coming months, which will
                                                                                   facilitate further launches.
               During the year, VivaGel® BV was
               launched in the UK, Central and                                     Starpharma’s Australia and New Zealand partner,
               Eastern Europe, Asia and New                                        Aspen, launched Fleurstat BVgel in New Zealand
               Zealand. VivaGel® BV, was also                                      earlier in the year, where the product is also being
               launched in the UK, under the                                       distributed in pharmacies throughout the country.
               brand Betafem® BV Gel. The UK
                                                                                   In the US, Starpharma continues to explore
               launch followed the first European
                                                                                   regulatory options with ongoing input from a team
               launches in Germany and other
                                                                                   of expert FDA consultants (regulatory, statistical,
               countries in 2019.
                                                                                   clinical, legal – including senior ex-FDA staffers). Starpharma
                                                                                   continues to progress the formal review of some of the FDA’s
                                                                                   initial conclusions via an administrative review process. This
                                                                                   review is ongoing and has been impacted by COVID-19. In
                                                                                   parallel, Starpharma had made preparations for a BV treatment
                                                                                   trial in the US to commence only if required by the FDA, however,
                                                                                   due to the significant disruption to the US healthcare system
                                                                                   caused by COVID-19, activities relating to a potential BV
                                                                                   treatment trial in the US remain on hold.


               VivaGel® BV was launched in the Central and Eastern
               European region in June 2020 and Mundipharma expects to
               roll-out the product in additional countries in Europe throughout
               the year ahead.




               4    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                        SPL7013 COVID-19 – antiviral mechanism of action
                 CEO'S REPORT
                                                                                        SPL7013 has been shown to bind to viral spike proteins, thereby
                                                                                        inhibiting the interactions leading to attachment of viruses to
                                                                                        human cells and thereby preventing infection. The antiviral activity
                                                                                        of SPL7013 against SARS-CoV-2 is thought to be mediated by a
                                                                                        similar mechanism.


                                                                                                 Based on the previously established antiviral mechanism of
                                                                                                 action of SPL7013, it is thought to bind to the SARS-CoV-2
                                                                                                 spike protein, blocking the ability of the virus to attach to and
                                                                                                 enter mucosal (human) cells.




For personal use only
                                                                                                Cell surface
                                                                                                proteins                                                     SPL7013
                                                                                                mediate
                                                                                                virus-receptor
                                                                                                interactions                                                Spike protein


               The broad spectrum antiviral                                                                                                  ACE2 Receptor

                activity of SPL7013 creates
                                                                                                                                                           Mucosal cell
                potential for COVID-19 and future                                                                                                          membrane

                pandemic preparedness products



               SPL7013                                                                  VivaGel® condom: Okamoto added 11 more Asian
               ► Broad-spectrum antiviral agent                                         countries to its licence
               ► Shown to be safe and well tolerated in multiple clinical trials        Following the Japanese launch of VivaGel® antiviral condom
               ►	Approved and marketed in products in the UK, Europe,                  under Okamoto’s highly successful Zero Zero Three (003) brand,
                  Japan, Asia, Canada, Australia and New Zealand                        Okamoto sought an expansion of its licensed territory to include
               ► Manufactured at an industrial scale                                    11 additional countries in Asia. In March 2020, Starpharma
               SPL7013 has broad spectrum antiviral activity including against          granted Okamoto marketing rights to further countries in Asia
               HIV, HSV, HPV, Adenovirus, HBV, and Zika. SPL7013 is the active          which include South Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand,
               ingredient included in marketed VivaGel® products and has been           Singapore, and the consumer (non-government) Chinese market.
               shown to be safe and well tolerated in multiple large clinical trials.   Under this licence, Starpharma is eligible to receive royalties
               Following the emergence of the coronavirus pandemic,                     on sales of the VivaGel® condom and will
               Starpharma instigated independent testing of SPL7013 by an               also receive revenue on supply of SPL7013
               expert laboratory and the results showed significant activity            active. Okamoto will be responsible for
               against SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19.                regulatory submissions, marketing, and
                                                                                        other related costs.
               Starpharma is repurposing SPL7013, initially as a nasal spray,
               to help prevent acquisition of SARS-CoV-2, and to potentially            Okamoto has an
               reduce severity of and treat infection. Prevention strategies            outstanding condom
               which complement vaccine use are expected to play an important           product portfolio and
               role in an effective response to managing COVID-19 in the future.        leading market positions
               Due to its broad spectrum activity, SPL7013 could also play a            within the Asian region
               role for future pandemic preparedness. Such a preventative               with a number 1 or 2
               product would provide an additional line of defence (in addition to      ranking in multiple
               conventional PPE and vaccines) including for those in the frontline      relevant Asian countries.
               of this crisis, such as doctors, nurses and other essential workers
               and in crowded and high-risk environments, such as public
               transport and aged care.                                                 European approval granted for the
                                                                                        VivaGel® condom
               Importantly, SPL7013 is already approved for use in other
               products (VivaGel® BV and VivaGel® condom) that are marketed             In November 2019, Starpharma was granted marketing
               globally, including in the UK, Europe, Asia, Canada, Australia           approval for the VivaGel® condom in Europe.
               and New Zealand. This situation enables Starpharma to leverage           Since this approval was granted, Starpharma has been working
               existing approvals to fast-track regulatory development, with the        closely with its marketing partner in Europe, LifeStyles, as they
               potential to have a product ready for market within 12 months,           undertake marketing preparations ahead of the launch of the
               and regulators have confirmed that minimal re-development is             VivaGel® condom under their brand name Absolute™
               required. The regulatory documentation is already well                   DUAL PROTECTION.
               progressed. Starpharma has developed a range of formulations,
               selected the product manufacturer and appropriate device
               components, and is about to manufacture pilot batches,
               in parallel with commercial discussions.




                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020       5
For personal use only
                                                                                    Starpharma has three clinical-stage
                                                                                    DEP® products in phase 2 trials across
                                                                                    10 sites – in the UK and in Australia




               Starpharma’s DEP® drug delivery technology is designed to            DEP® cabazitaxel: Phase 2
               improve the delivery of existing and novel drugs. The technology     ►	Successfully completed phase 1 with promising
               enables a drug’s properties to be enhanced with improved                efficacy signals in 67% evaluable patients
               targeting and pharmacokinetics so that more drug is directed to      ►	Commenced phase 2 and promising
               diseased or cancerous tissue in preference to healthy cells. The        efficacy signals observed
               technology has been shown to reduce side effects and improve
               overall performance. By focusing on existing drugs, Starpharma       During the year, the phase 1 trial for DEP® cabazitaxel was
               is able to accelerate development of improved DEP® therapies to      completed with encouraging efficacy signals observed in 67%
               market. For novel drugs, the DEP® technology provides potential      of evaluable patients. Efficacy signals have included prolonged
               benefits to overcome critical issues such as insolubility or         stable disease in multiple tumour types, including prostate cancer.
               toxicities that hinder their development, as well as creating        Efficacy signals were also observed in cancers not usually
               valuable additional intellectual property and patent life.           responsive to conventional cabazitaxel (Jevtana®), such as
                                                                                    ovarian cancer, and responses were seen at doses significantly
               Starpharma’s internal DEP® strategy is to develop enhanced           lower than standard for Jevtana®.
               DEP® versions of existing drugs to create value through clinical
               proof-of-concept data, followed by partnering and licensing.         Two new sites were initiated: Imperial College London and
               Three DEP® products are already in phase 2 trials and further        Velindre Cancer Centre in Cardiff, in addition to Guy’s Hospital
               DEP® assets are currently progressing through the development        and University College London Hospital. A further site, the
               pipeline toward clinical trials.                                     Kinghorn Cancer Centre in Sydney, was also recently opened
                                                                                    for DEP® cabazitaxel.
               DEP® docetaxel: Phase 2                                              Phase 2 is now progressing well, notwithstanding COVID-19
               ►	Promising efficacy signals observed in phase 2                    impacts on paused recruitment. Further encouraging efficacy
               ►	New combination study: DEP® docetaxel + gemcitabine               signals have been observed in multiple patients, including
                                                                                    significant target tumour shrinkage, prolonged stable disease
               During the year, further promising efficacy signals were
                                                                                    (>47 weeks), and substantial tumour marker reductions
               observed in the current DEP® docetaxel phase 2 trial.
                                                                                    (e.g. Prostate Specific Antigen), in cancers including prostate,
               Patients treated with DEP® docetaxel have experienced
                                                                                    gastro-oesophageal, breast, ovarian and cholangiocarcinoma.
               impressive results including substantial target
               tumour shrinkage and stable disease in cancers including             One patient case study from the DEP® cabazitaxel trial is
               pancreatic, lung, prostate, gastric and oesophageal.                 detailed below.
               Two new sites, the Christie (Manchester) and the Beatson              PATIENT PROFILE                     TREATMENT RESPONSE
               (Glasgow), were initiated during the year. During COVID-19,
               enrolled patients continued treatment, however recruitment of              Advanced (metastatic)         	 Patient has received
               new patients was paused during the height of the crisis. The                ovarian cancer                    6 cycles of DEP®
               majority of sites have recommenced recruitment although some          ►    Heavily pre-treated; her          cabazitaxel to date
               hospitals have reduced capacity which may impact timelines.                 cancer progressed on          ►    Response seen after
                                                                                           three other anti-cancer             3 cycles of DEP®
               A new combination study commenced with gemcitabine, based                   therapies including                cabazitaxel treatment;
               on strong interest from clinicians following release of compelling          paclitaxel (another taxane)        well tolerated
               preclinical data for DEP® docetaxel in combination with
                                                                                     ►    Previously had 14 cycles     ►    Response maintained after
               gemcitabine in pancreatic cancer models.                                   of other treatment                   6 cycles, 43% reduction in
                                                                                          therapies and multiple               some tumours, 40%
                                                                                          surgeries                            overall reduction across all
                                                                                                                               target tumour lesions




               6    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                         Phase 2 is now well underway and the trial is actively recruiting at
                 CEO'S REPORT
                                                                                         five sites, including The Kinghorn Cancer Centre (Sydney) and the
                                                                                         Beatson (Glasgow), which were recently opened. The objective of
                                                                                         the trial is to establish anti-tumour activity (efficacy) and safety of
                                                                                         DEP® irinotecan. The first stage will enrol approximately 20-30
                                                                                         patients with colorectal and other cancers.
               DEP® irinotecan: Phase 2
               ► Commenced first human clinical trial for                               Combinations with immuno-oncology
                  DEP® irinotecan, a highly novel SN-38 nanoparticle                     In addition to the monotherapy part of the trial program
               ► Successful completed phase 1 with promising efficacy                   Starpharma is exploring commercially relevant value-adding
                  signals in >50% evaluable patients                                     combinations for DEP® irinotecan, including with immuno-oncology
               ► Commenced phase 2 and efficacy signals already observed                 (IO) agents. A recent study with an anti-PD-1 antibody resulted
                                                                                         in enhanced anti-tumour activity and significant survival benefit




For personal use only
               Starpharma commenced its phase 1/2 clinical trial for DEP®                compared to the IO therapy alone in two preclinical colorectal
               irinotecan, a highly novel SN-38 nanoparticle. The escalation             cancer (CRC) models. This combination benefit was not observed
               part of the trial was conducted at leading UK cancer centres: The         when conventional irinotecan was used together with the same
               Christie, The Royal Marsden, and Newcastle Freeman Hospital.              IO therapy (anti-PD1 antibody).
               Phase 1 was successfully completed ahead of schedule in May
               2020, with promising efficacy signals in >50% evaluable patients          These results indicate that DEP® irinotecan in combination with
               and phase 2 commenced immediately after.                                  an anti-PD-1 antibody could boost the efficacy of the anti-PD-1
                                                                                         antibody alone.
               Phase 1 enrolled seven patients with colorectal cancer, pancreatic
               cancer, and breast cancer, who were each dosed with up to 10
               cycles of DEP® irinotecan. DEP® irinotecan was well-tolerated and
               patients generally experienced less severe side-effects, including
               no cases of severe diarrhoea, which is particularly problematic
               and is the basis of an FDA black box warning for the marketed
               forms of irinotecan. Encouraging efficacy signals were observed
               in >50% of evaluable patients, and in all three tumour types
               enrolled, despite the fact that enrolled patients were heavily
               pre-treated – the majority with more than 10 cycles and some
               with up to 100+ cycles of prior treatment.
               One patient case study from the DEP® irinotecan trial is
               detailed below.

                 PATIENT PROFILE                       TREATMENT RESPONSE
                                                                                         IO agents including anti-PD-1 antibodies have yielded excellent
                        Diagnosis: stage IV breast    	   Patient has received a      efficacy results in some patient groups and certain cancer types,
                        cancer patient with                 total of 16 cycles of DEP®   but not in CRC. Between 30-60% of patients do not respond to IO
                        extensive liver metastases          irinotecan to date
                                                                                         treatments alone and CRC is one of the least responsive to IO so
                 ►      Extensive metastases          ►    Response seen after just    there is significant commercial interest in combination approaches,
                         including in the liver              3 cycles of treatment       including with chemotherapeutics, to overcome these limitations.
                 ►      Heavily pre-treated – more   ►    Prolonged stable disease
                        than 100 cycles of                   >45 weeks                   IO agents are now important treatments in several major cancers
                        11 different treatment         ►    Well tolerated
                                                                                         and the market for these agents is expected to exceed
                        regimens                                                         US$55 billion by 2025, and include Merck’s Keytruda®, BMS’s
                                                                                         Yervoy® and AstraZeneca’s Imfinzi®.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       AZD0466, a nanomedicine of a potent dual Bcl-2/Bcl-xL inhibitor, exhibits

               DEP® posters presented at the 2020 AACR                                                                                                                                           AACR Poster # 1716 Anticancer activity of the taxane nanoparticles, DEP docetaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                 and DEP cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Srividya B. Balachander1, Areya Tabatabai1, Shenghua Wen1, Steven Criscione1, Francis D. Gibbons2, Giulia Fabbri3, David Jenkins1, Courtney Anderson1, Jeffery
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Tyner4, Steven Kurtz4, Guangnong ‘Sunny’ Zhang2, Justin Cidado1, Alwin Schuller1, Lorraine Graham5, Marianne Ashford6, and Barry Davies7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       anti-tumor activity in a range of haematological and solid tumor models
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1Bioscience, 2DMPK, 3Translational Medicine, Early Oncology, AstraZeneca, Boston, USA, 4Knight Cancer institute, OHSU, 5CMC Projects, 6Advanced Drug Delivery, Biopharmaceuticals R&D, AstraZeneca, Macclesfield, UK, 7Projects, Oncology R&D, Research
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                P - 56




               Annual Meeting
                                                                                                                                                                                       David J Owen1, Brian D. Kelly1, Victoria McLeod2, Rachael Walker2, Jeannette Schreuders2, Susan Jackson2, Michael Giannis1, Christine Dietinger1, Pauline Reitano1, &
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Rashmi
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             EarlyPathak1, Shirley Xia1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Development,        , Anne Cargill
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 AstraZeneca,        1,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Cambridge, UK
                                                                                                                                                                                       Aynaz Seta1, Richard Hufton1, Graham Heery1, Carleen Cullinane2 1. Starpharma Pty Ltd, Melbourne, Australia, 2. Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, Melbourne, Australia
                                                                                                                     Contact:
                                                                                                                     David.owen@starpharma.com or www.starpharma.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Tumour Growth Monotherapy                              Figure 4a                                                          Survival Monotherapy                        Figure 4b




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1400

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           DENDRIMER CONJUGATES AS THERAPEUTICS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1200                                   Abstract                                                                                          100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Results                                                                                                                                                                                  B: AML PDX xenograft
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               AZD0466 combinations drive deep and durable

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Percent survival
                                                                                                                       INTRODUCTION                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            response in preclinical DLBCL models
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1000                                                       Vehicle + Vehicle                                                                                                      Vehicle

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Improved efficacy:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               of apoptosis in tumor cells represents a GemcitabineAZD0466 active moiety potently reduces
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       %CD45+CD33+ leukemic cells
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The induction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Vehicle + Gemcitabine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ®                                                                                                                   DEP dendrimer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      800
                                                                                                                       Docetaxel (Taxotere®) and cabazitaxel (Jevtana®) are mitotic inhibitors that function as effective                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Abraxane + Vehicle                 50                  Abraxane viability of heme cancer cell lines, SCLC cell                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         80
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP improves anti-cancer efficacy through
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      600
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      promising   approach   + Vehicleto the treatment of cancer. In
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             A: OCI-LY10 ABC DLBCL xenograft
                                                                                                                       cytotoxic agents and are widely used in many chemotherapy regimens. However, treatment with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    400                                     DEP docetaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              lines and primary leukemic cells
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     DEP docetaxel                                                                     ®
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     60
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        better  drug      targeting &    improved                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     tumor cells,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              DEP the       B+ cell
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   cabazitaxel  Vehicle lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2) protein                                                                                     ®
                                                                                                                       taxanes is limited by serious adverse toxicities, notably bone marrow toxicity (neutropenia,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   200                                                                                            DEP cabazitaxel




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            in bone marrow
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        pharmacokinetics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          family    promotes cell survival 0 0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0                    through20   upregulation         of 80                                                                                                                                                               A: Sanger Panel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     40
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Vehicle
                                                                                                                       leukopenia and anemia) and hepatotoxicity. Taxanes are poorly water soluble and must be




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Tumor Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         dosing period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         80     100                0   20       40    60               40       60
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Day anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins, such as Bcl-2,                     Days Bcl-xL,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Acalabrutinib 12.5 mg/kg BID
                                                                                                                       formulated with surfactants such as polysorbate, which can cause systemic adverse events (e.g.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Benefits in combination:



               Five posters featuring products based on Starpharma’s DEP®
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0
                                                                                                                       anaphylaxis and fluid retention) equiring pre-dosing with corticosteroids. These combined drug                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Mcl-1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Tumour Growth        and Bfl-1.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Combination    TherapyClinical
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Figure 4c activity ofSurvival
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            the Bcl-2      inhibitor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Combination    Therapy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1000                                                                  AZD0466 103 mg/kg qw




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Figure 4d
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP drugs are ideal candidates for combination
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          icle   Ven      AR              eto
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             A-C

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Linker
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1400                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 eto
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 AZD0466 103 mg/kg +
                                                                                                                       and excipient toxicities limit their clinical use and make them ideal candidates for improvement                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            venetoclax has validated the100approach of targeting this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Veh                                    clax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       clax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  A-C       +AZ
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        therapy including with immuno-oncology (IO)                                                                                                                                                                                            1200                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Acalabrutinib 12.5 mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      +AZ      A




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Percent survival
                                                                                                                       using dendrimer technology.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          D04

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        agents and other chemo. DEP® drugs show
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1000                class of molecules, but additional value remains in Vehicle                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (A) AZD0466 induces dose dependent tumor regression
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Ven 66
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          AR                                                                                               500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Vehicle + Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        synergistic benefits over the original versions                                                                                                                                                          PEG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                800
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   jointly Abraxane
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             targeting         Bcl-2 with other
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      + Gemcitabine                      family members. DEP            Abraxane + Gemcitabine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           and cleaved caspase 3 induction. (B) AZD0466 in
                                                                                                                       Starpharma’s novel dendrimer nanoparticle DEP platform has broad applicability in drug delivery                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          600                                                                50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             docetaxel                                                                                        ®

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        and given they have been shown to duce                                                                                                                                                                                                                     AZD0466          is a +novel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            DEP docetaxel               drug-dendrimer conjugate, where
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Gemcitabine                                               + Gemcitabine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           combination with AraC decreases tumor burden in bone                                                                                                                                              0
                                                                                                                       through improved drug solubility, efficacy and pharmacokinetics, reductions in certain toxicities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Drug
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                400
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            DEP cabazitaxel + Gemcitabine                                               DEP cabazitaxel                                                                                       ®
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  20                            40                               60             80
                                                                                                                       (e.g. bone marrow toxicity) and generation of new intellectual property. The DEP platform has                                                                                                    bone marrow toxicity and do not require pre-                                                                                                                                                                                            200                the active moiety, AZD4320, is chemically conjugated                                 + Gemcitabine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           marrow of mice implanted with primary AML cells.                                                                                                                                                                           Days post implant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        treatment with cortisone, they are particularly                                                                                                                                                                                           0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Starpharma’s clinically validated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to 80 100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              DEP®      dendrimer




               platform were presented at the AACR (American Association
                                                                                                                       shown reproducible benefits across a wide range of drug classes including small molecules,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        well suited to combine with IO.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Optional Targeting group                                                                         0 20   40
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Day
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  60                                                  0      20     40
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Days
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             60      80

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             AZD0466 is more efficacious in SCLC PDX models                                                                                                                                                  B: SUDHL-4 GCB DLBCL xenograft
                                                                                                                       peptides and proteins. Currently there are four DEP candidates in the clinic; DEP docetaxel (DEP                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            platform, a 5-generation PEGylated poly-lysine
                                                                                                                       DTX), DEP cabazitaxel (DEP CTX), and DEP irinotecan. The fourth DEP candidate, AZD0466, is a                                                                                                     Reduced side-effects:                                                                                                                                                                                                       DEP CTX MONOTHERAPY (EXPERIMENTdendrimer4)via a hydrolytically labile linker. AZD4320 is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 compared to standard-of-care
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             1500                                                                     Vehicle
                                                                                                                       promising Bcl-2/Bcl-xL inhibitor, partnered with AstraZeneca, and is in Phase 1 clinical trials in the


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP reduces important side effects such as bone marrow toxicity / low white blood                                                                                                                                           Results from a human pancreatic  dual     Bcl-2/Bcl-xL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        cancer model                  inhibitor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (CAPAN-1)           that4ais– 4d)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (Figures       equipotent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 showed; to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             A: SCLC PDX screen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      AZD0466 172 mg/kg
                                                                                                                       US (See AACR Poster # P-56, P-1718 & Abs 3066).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Abraxane administered alone and        in combination
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   venetoclax          and 3-fold   withmoregemcitabine    inhibited tumour
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  potent than      navitoclax.     growth to a similar                                                                                                                                                 B: Beat AML Screen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        cells (neutropenia) and alopecia (hair loss). DEP® removes the need for toxic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        AZD0466 103 mpk                                                 Venetoclax 100mpk                                                                                                                                        Rituximab 10 mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        detergents in current formulations, which are highly soluble in aqueous formulations.                                                                                                                                       extent (Percent tumour growth     inhibition on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   AZD0466          hasDay      37 = 85%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             been             and 81 %,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       optimized          respectively).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       to maintain      efficacy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             AZD0466 355 mpk                                                 Etoposide/Platinum                                                              1000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      AZD0466 34 mg/kg + Rituximab
                                                                                                                       Starpharma’s DEP DTX and DEP CTX are both PEGylated G5 polylysine dendrimers with the drug                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   DEP CTX and DEP DTX treatment  whilst inhibited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            mitigating       tumour       growth more
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                anticipated       on-targeteffectively    than of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 toxicities       Abraxane (P= 0.004,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      AZD0466 103 mg/kg + Rituximab

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 AACR Poster #1715: Anti-cancer activity of a SN-38 nanoparticle, DEP® irinotecan, in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        GeoMean ± SEM
                                                                                                                       conjugated to the surface via a hydrolytically labile linker. Both products have demonstrated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Abraxane vs DEP DTX; P <0.0001, Abraxane           vs DEP CTX).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Mean Tumour Volume                    Figure 1a                                                                      Survival                   Figure 1b                                    AZD43201.




               for Cancer Research) Annual Meeting in June 2020.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              500                                                                     AZD0466 172 mg/kg + Rituximab




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1500
                                                                                                                       superior efficacy and survival compared to the standard drug formulations in a range of xenograft

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Tumor Volume
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    DEP CTX given alone and in combination with gemcitabine induced complete regression of CAPAN-1 tumours                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        50

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 human colon and pancreatic cancer xenograft models
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Docetaxel 15 mg/kg
                                                                                                                       cancer models in immunocompromised mice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     for the duration of the study. Introduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              DEP docetaxel




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Percent Survival
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Docetaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1000                                     28mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 15 mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 DEP docetaxel      DEP DTX given alone and in combination with gemcitabineABT-737 resulted in complete tumour regression to day 58,                                                                                                                                                             0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 28 mg/kg                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0    25    50    75 100 125 150
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    after which slow tumour regrowth occurred in the DEP DTX          cohort, but not the gemcitabine combination                                                                                      0



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Percent change fom baseline
                                                                                                                       METHODS AND RESULTS                                                                                                                                                                                                                            500                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ABT-263/navitoclax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 AZD4320/AZD0466
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    cohort, treated mice (P<0.0001, t-test, Day 107 tumour volume).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Days Post Dosing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            David J Owen1, Brian D. Kelly1, Victoria McLeod2, Rachael Walker2, Jeannette Schreuders2, Susan Jackson2, Michael Giannis1, Christine Dietinger1, Shirley Xia1, Anne Cargill1, Aynaz

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Regression
                                                                                                                       Mouse xenograft studies were carried as following:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Seta1, Richard Hufton1, Graham Heery1, Carleen Cullinane2 1. Starpharma Pty Ltd, Melbourne, Australia, 2. Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre,(A)Melbourne,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         CombinationAustralia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            of AZD0466 with BTK inhibitor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                    0                                                                                                                                                     Contact:                                                                                                                    -50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0      25       50         75       100      125                                     0                           50                 100       150                 DEP TOXICITY ASSESSMENT;                                             David.owen@starpharma.com or www.starpharma.com                                                                                                                                            Acalabrutinib drives durable regression in ABC
                                                                                                                               Balb/c nude mice were inoculated subcutaneously with MDA-MB-231 (breast) cancer cell
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Day                                                                                             Time (Days)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The relative toxicities of the DEP DTX formulation and docetaxel were compared in a study where                                                                                   DENDRIMER CONJUGATES AS THERAPEUTICS                                            DEP    IRINOTECAN + CETUXIMAB (EXPERIMENT 2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    DLBCL.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         the (B)     AZD0466 human  combined colon with  rituximabHT-29results
                                                                                                                               line (Exp 1 and 2, 10 mice/group).                                                         DEP DTX MONOTHERAPY (EXPERIMENT 1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        equivalent doses (based on docetaxel; 9mg/kg) were                    INTRODUCTION
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            administered to male
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ABT-199                   AZD5991and female rats by intravenous                                                                              -100                                                              In     irinotecan-refractory                 cancer model          xenograft, the combination of cetuximab
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       / venetoclax              AMG176
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Starpharma’s                                                                                           Improved efficacy:                                                                 in(Erbitux®)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       complete  and and   durable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     irinotecan        regressions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 displayed limited      in GCB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   tumour  inhibitionDLBCL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (Figures 6 and 7). In contrast, DEP irinotecan
                                                                                                                               SCID mice were inoculated subcutaneously with DU145 (prostate) cancer cell line (Exp 3, 10 Complete tumour regression was observed in both the DEP DTX (until day 75) and docetaxel (until                                                                                                                                                                                                                           injection on Day 0. Blood samples were taken at day    0 prior to dosing,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       S55746                     then atnovel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 S63845
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 polylysine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            days 7, 14      dendrimer-based
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        and 21. The  level DEP® platform has broad commercial                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               SC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SCLC         LC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -14
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            LC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          SC -12                         LC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -09
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      LC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SC -10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      in combination with cetuximab resulted in significantly enhanced anti-cancer efficacy and survival despite
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      LC

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 DEP® dendrimer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              LC-02    SC                                   LC                         SC           SC -05
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          applicability  in dose
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             drug group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   delivery by per (A)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               enhancingSubset of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   group) the        cancer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              therapeutic      cell
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          utility of lines  sensitive to single DEP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      drugs through                 ® improves anti-cancer efficacy through
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 agent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SC -04       LC                               SC -03                         LC           LC
                                                                                                                               mice/group).                                                                               day 45) treated animals bearing the breast cancer tumour cell line, MDA-MB-231 (Figure 1a). The                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of neutrophils, expressed as the mean absolute count across all animals         in the                (n=6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              LC           -08                              LC                             -06      LU -11
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Conclusions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            SC  -07    SC                                 SC  -13                      SC             -52
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                the DEP  irinotecan doses being approximately one third (low dose) and approximately two thirds (high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          23
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              improved solubility,                                                                       better  drug      targetingNo &
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      response improved TGI/Regression 103 mpk
                                                                                                                               NOD-scid interleukin-2 receptor gamma chain null were inoculated subcutaneously with tumour inhibition and urvival effects of DEP DTX were significantly improved compared with the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  at each time point, are shown in Figures 5a and 5b. Of particular significanceefficacy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    was theand absence
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               pharmacokinetics, reductions in certain toxicities (e.g.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   AZD4320 (active
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of                  moiety of AZD0466) in Sanger panel.
                                                                                                                                                          AACR Poster # 1716 Anticancer activity of the taxane nanoparticles, DEP docetaxel                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     dose) of the maximum tolerated dose for this combination.




               The AACR Annual Meeting brings together leading cancer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              bone marrow toxicity) and generation of new intellectual property. The novel DEP           pharmacokinetics.
                                                                                                                               CAPAN-1 (colon) cancer cell line (Exp 4, 9 mice/group).                                    docetaxel treated group (Figures 1a and 1b; P< 0.007 and 0.007 respectively).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             neutropenia for the DEP taxane candidates.                                                     (B) Broader activity of AZD4320 in primary AML patient                                B: SCLC molecular analysis
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         platform has shown reproducible advantages across a wide range of drug classes and can                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 • AZD0466 and its active moiety AZD4320
                                                                                                                                                          and DEP cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                       In each experiment mice were dosed with saline as control and;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Mean Tumour Volume Figure 2a                                                                                          Survival              Figure 2b                                                                                Neutrophil count overtime for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         be utilised with both small molecule drugs,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Neutrophil count overtime for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         DEP cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              candidates vs in the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      samples    compared
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         peptides and proteins. to venetoclax
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Currently
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    clinic; DEP docetaxel, DEP cabazitaxel, and DEP irinotecan. The
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (red box).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          there are four                                                                Benefits in combination:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP® drugs are ideal candidates for combination
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  demonstrate differentiated activity from the Bcl-2



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1400
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            DEP docetaxel vs docetaxel                                                                                   DEP                cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Saline
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       AZD0466       has potent       antitumorwith   activity in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 selective inhibitor venetoclax in preclinical models
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         fourth DEP candidate, AZD0466, is a promising          Bcl-2/Bcl-xL inhibitor, partnered                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Linker
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           100
                                                                                                                       •       Exp 1 – DEP DTX (28 mg/kg) and docetaxel (15 mg/kg) by IV injection on days 1, 8 and 15 at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        therapy including with immuno-oncology (IO)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Percent Survival


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Neutrophil Count x109 /L
                                                                                                                                           David J Owen1, Brian D. Kelly1, Victoria McLeod2, Rachael Walker2, Jeannette Schreuders2, Susan 1000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Jackson2, Michael Giannis   1,  Christine Dietinger1 Pauline Reitano1,Saline
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Rashmi Pathak1, Shirley Xia1, Anne Cargill1,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          AstraZeneca, and is in Phase 1 clinical trials in the  US (See AACR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       preclinical             Poster # P-56, P-1718
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       hematological          models  &                                                                 agents and other chemo. DEP® drugs show
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (MCL1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  of SCLC and AML.
                                                                                                                               0.1 ml/10g body   weight
                                                                                                                                                      1, (all drugHufton
                                                                                                                                                                    groups  were dosed
                                                                                                                                                                                   Heery1,at the pre-determined    maximumPty Ltd, Melbourne, 800                   (9mg/kg)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (BCL2A1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2
                                                                                                                                           Aynaz Seta    Richard        1, Graham          Carleen Cullinane2 1. Starpharma                   Australia, 2. Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, Melbourne, Australia                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       AZD0466                                                                            Abs 3066).           AZD4320                                                                                                                                   synergistic benefits over the original versions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (BCL2L2)

                                                                                         Contact:                 tolerated dose for each therapy).                                                                                                                                                                                                                    600                                        DEP cabazitaxel                             50                                                            Cabazitaxel (9mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       .                   A: RS4;11 ALL xenograft
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (BCL2L1)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          PEG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (BCL2L11)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (10mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Active moiety
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Vehicle only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       400                                                                                                                                                  DEP cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Survival MonotherapyNanomedicine                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                and   given they have been shown to reduce                                                                                                                                                 (BCL2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                • AZD0466 has potential as a combinatorial agent
                                                                                         David.owen@starpharma.com or www.starpharma.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Tumour  Growth Monotherapy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (10mg/kg)               Figure 4a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Conventional irinotecan (Campostar®) is a pro-drug,         Dosing Period which, Vehiclefollowing       intravenous               Figure 4b                                                              1                                               Cabazitaxel     2500                                100                                                                          10000




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Released tumor AZD4320 M
                                                                                                                       •  Exp 2 – DEP CTX (10 mg/kg), and cabazitaxel (9 mg/kg) by IV injection on days 1, 8 and 15 at



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              200                                                                1400
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              bone marrow toxicity and do not require pre-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           DENDRIMER CONJUGATES AS 0 0 10 20 30 40               THERAPEUTICS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    to increase the depth and duration of response to




               research and medicine from institutions all over the world and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Drug
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    100                                                                                                                                                          AZD0466 10 mg/kg qw                                                                                                                                                 DEP cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                administration, needs to be converted in the      2000liver to the active 3mg/kg anti-cancer          agent, known
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0            1200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              treatment with cortisone, they are particularly

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Percent survival
                                                                                                                          0.1 ml/10g body weight (all drug groups were dosed at the pre-determined maximum
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Tumor Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0         50             100                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       AZD4320
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               50 60 70 80 90 100 110                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            1000

                                                                                         INTRODUCTION
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Vehicle + Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             • AZD0466:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          novel and standard of care therapies, as                               Cleaved Caspase-3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1000                                                                                                                        Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       a dendrimer-conjugate        SN-38of    AZD4320,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 AZD0466 34 mg/kg qw
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0 as          (Figure15 1). In contrast, Starpharma’s     DEP irinotecan 10mg/kg(Starpharma’s           third
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Day                                                                                                                                                       0                                                                                                             10 internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Improved efficacy:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        well suited to combine with IO.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Day                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       AZD4320
                                                                                                                          tolerated dose for each therapy).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Optional     Targeting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      in a group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Vehicle + Gemcitabine                                                                                                    5      10            20

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  DEP®(EXPERIMENT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            dendrimer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  800                                                                                                                        Gemcitabine                                                                          1500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Figure 5a             DEP® andcandidate     to enter theFigure 5b incorporates the active
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    clinic)                                 irinotecan          derivative SN-38,                                                               (A) Monotherapy activity of                AZD0466                               demonstrated inFig. 6                                                                     Fig. 7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 AZD0466 103 mg/kg qw
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           models of DLBCL.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Days
                                                                                         Docetaxel (Taxotere®) and cabazitaxel (Jevtana®) are mitotic inhibitors that function as effective                                                                                                                                                                                                 Abraxane + Vehicle                       50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                small Abraxane
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           molecule            inhibitor of Bcl-2               Bcl-xL                                                                                                                                           100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         DEP CTX     MONOTHERAPY                                  2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 30mg/kg  AZD4320

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (fold over vehicle)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  600
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    DEP improves anti-cancer efficacy             through
                                                                                         cytotoxic agents and are •widelyExpused3 –inDEP
                                                                                                                                       many CTX (10   mg/kg), and
                                                                                                                                               chemotherapy            cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                               regimens.    However,(11     mg/kg) by
                                                                                                                                                                                         treatment    withIV injection on days 1, 8 and 15 at                                                                                                     400                                       DEP docetaxel + Vehicle                                                          DEP docetaxel                      avoiding the need for hepatic conversion          1000and avoiding the variability in SN-38 for                                                   ®
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Reduced side-effects:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                population-based PDX screen. (B) AZD0466                                                      GeoMean ± SEM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              DEP IRINOTECAN + OLAPARIB (EXPERIMENT 3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              AND •             Enhanced               solubility compared to             AZD4320
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1

                                                                                         taxanes is limited by serious 0.1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    better     drug       targeting      Complete
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          &            tumour regression was observed in both the DEP CTX 200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                improved                                                                           and cabazitaxel treated DEP               animals            CONCLUSION
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  cabazitaxel + Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         CLINICAL           PROGRESS                            therapeutic     effect. DEP irinotecan is expected        to accumulate preferentially in tumour
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ®              10
                                                                                                                                ml/10g
                                                                                                                           adverse          body notably
                                                                                                                                       toxicities,  weight (all
                                                                                                                                                             bonedrug      groups
                                                                                                                                                                      marrow          were dosed
                                                                                                                                                                                toxicity   (neutropenia,at the pre-determined
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    pharmacokinetics.maximum bearing the breast cancer tumour cell line, MDA-MB-231 (Figures 2a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             DEP cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              DEP® reduces important side effects such as bone marrow toxicity / low white blood           References
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              DEP   irinotecan showed a significant and dose-related inhibition of growth in the irinotecan-refractory
                                                                                         leukopenia and anemia) and tolerated
                                                                                                                           hepatotoxicity.     Taxanes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0 and 2b). Tumour regrowth in                                                     0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             • 60Once80 weekly dosing schedule                       with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                tissue   to PK     properties
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              exert its
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          superior anti-tumour effect, as is seen with DEP docetaxel, DEP                                                                                       response is predominantly associated with SCLC-A
                                                                                                                                        dose for    eachare   poorly water soluble and must be
                                                                                                                                                          therapy).                                                                                                                                                                                   0     20       40      60      80     100                                         0       20       40                                                                                                                                                                                                                   cells   (neutropenia) and alopecia (hair loss). DEP® removes the need for toxic detergents                      optimization
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         and cancer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Designcolon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1. human                         of axenograft
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (HT-29)    dendrimer-conjugated       dual28,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (Figure 8). At day   Bcl-2/Bcl-xL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     standard irinotecan showed modest tumour
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         the cabazitaxel group was evident by day 43 with 9 of 10 tumours reachingDayan ethical tumour In summary, both DEP Days                                                                    taxanes are well         toleratedto and       show significantly     better    efficacy,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            DEPsurvival  benefits 0 and                                                                                                                         and SCLC-P        subtypes         inincell lines and   PDX models
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0.1                                                     1
                                                                                         formulated with surfactants such as polysorbate, which can cause systemic adverse events (e.g.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         optimized                 maximize              cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       therapeutic             and other
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            index               conjugates.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Benefits
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         mg/kg), in      combination:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in current formulations,    which re highly    soluble    aqueous formulations.                  inhibitor,  AZD0466,    with versus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            improved   therapeutic    index,(P<0.05).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Ashford M et     al,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             3     8 24 48 72             3    8 24 48 72
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       40   50      60     70     80        90                                                                                                                                                                growth    inhibition of 33%           the vehicle    control             Treatment       with DEP irinotecan provided a
                                                                                         anaphylaxis and fluid •retention)Exp 4    – Abraxane       (40with
                                                                                                                                                         mg/kg),     gemcitabineThese(80    mg/kg),drug DEP DTX (20                  DEP DTX (20                                                                                                                                                                lower4ctoxicity Survivalcompared to         current
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Therapystandard         of care therapies Taxotere® and Jevtana®. Both DEP taxanes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Time (h) post dose
                                                                                                                              equiring   pre-dosing         corticosteroids.             combined                                                        volume endpoint by day 98. DEP CTX treatment significantly prolongedTumour                              mouse  Growth survival
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Combination beyond
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Therapy Figure                                   Combination                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                AACR     (2020)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Figure 4d                                                                                Days post implant                               34 mg/kg AZD0466             103 mg/kg AZD0466
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              significantly  greater level of inhibition – 62% for low dose and 97% for high dose (P<0.0001).
                                                                                                                          mg/kg)
                                                                                         and excipient toxicities limit their  clinical+ use and
                                                                                                                                          gemcitabine      (80 ideal
                                                                                                                                                    make them    mg/kg),      DEP CTX
                                                                                                                                                                         candidates    for (7.5    mg/kg) and DEP
                                                                                                                                                                                           improvement                     CTX are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   DEP drugs     (7.5 ideal          + for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            candidates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         mg/kg)              combination
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         that of cabazitaxel (P <0.001).                            Linker
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1400
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                work well in100combination with other agents, which further improves their anticancer effectiveness.




               is an important forum for both raising product awareness
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    therapy including with immuno-oncology (IO)                                                                                  1200




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Percent survival
                                                                                         using dendrimer technology. gemcitabine (80 mg/kg). Abraxane, DEP DTX and DEP CTX were given                                      via IV injection and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Vehicle- Control
                                                                                                                          gemcitabine by IP injection on days 1, 8 and 15 at 0.1 ml/10g body weight.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    agents and other chemo. DEP® drugs show                         Mean Tumour Volume Figure 3a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Survival                    Figure 3b Vehicle + Vehicle       Both DEP taxanes are water-solubleVehicle                 and do not require surfactants such as polysorbate 80 for dissolution                                                                                                          DEP IRINOTECAN MONOTHERAPY (EXPERIMENT 1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    synergistic benefits over the original versions                                              PEG
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  800
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                which negates           the need for pretreatment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Abraxane + Gemcitabine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 with corticosteroids in the clinical setting. Of particular significance       DEP® irinotecan                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Mean TV                                   Olaparib (50 mg/kg)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                         Starpharma’s novel dendrimer nanoparticle DEP platform has broad applicability in drug delivery                                                                                    1500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  600
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Abraxane + Gemcitabine                   50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP docetaxel                                                                                                                                                                    Complete tumour regression and 100% survival was observed in DEP irinotecan treated animals
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ®

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    and   given  they    have   been   shown    to  reduce                                                                                                              DEP docetaxel + Gemcitabine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                is the lack of neutropenia in preclinical                    studies, the major dose-limiting toxicity of current
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        + Gemcitabine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   taxane therapies.                                                                                     bearing the colon cancer tumour cell line, SW620 (Figures 2 and 3). The tumour inhibition and survival




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                         through improved drug solubility, efficacy and pharmacokinetics, reductions in certain toxicities                                                                                                                                                        400
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1400                                                                Irinotecan (80 mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Drug
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   100
                                                                                                                   Throughout experiments all dosing groups were generally well toleratedbone                         withmarrow
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             mean toxicity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       weightand lossdo not require pre-                                                                                                                DEP cabazitaxel +  Gemcitabine                                                                                                                         Presented at the AACR Virtual Annual Meeting II:E-Poster Submission BCL-2 Family and Mitochondrial Apoptosis Session P-56, 22-23 June 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ®
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP cabazitaxel




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Percent Survival
                                                                                         (e.g. bone marrow toxicity) and generation of new intellectual property. The DEP platform has                                                                                                                      Saline                                200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Saline                                       This lack of 0bone marrow toxicities +may                        allow for more effective combination treatments when used with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Gemcitabine                                                                                                                                                                    effects of DEP irinotecan were markedly improved compared with the irinotecan treated group and the                                                             5 mg/kg
                                                                                                                   not across
                                                                                                                         xceeding      10% and     tumour    size not exceeding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            1000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SN-38                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Irinotecan (80 mg/kg) + Olaparib
                                                                                                                                                                          including thesmallethical   end point of 1200      mm3    . Both   criteria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    treatment    with   cortisone,   they are particularly                                                                          0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         differences were highly statistically significant (P<0.0001 and P<0.0045, respectively)                                    1200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Optional Targeting(11mg/kg)       group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Cabazitaxel
                                                                                         shown reproducible benefits               a wide       ange of  drug   classes                       molecules,                                                                                                                            50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0     20      40      60      80
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Cabazitaxel (11mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                other anticancer    0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           agents,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       including
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      40     60
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    immunotherapies.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     80
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Supported    by                                                                            Irintotecan                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            8 mg/kg

                                                                                         peptides and proteins. were      determined
                                                                                                                  Currently there           as DEP
                                                                                                                                     are four  ethical  endpoints
                                                                                                                                                     candidates    in for
                                                                                                                                                                      the all animals.
                                                                                                                                                                           clinic; DEP docetaxel (DEP               well suited to combine with IO.                                                                                                                    Day                                                                          Days
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1000                                 ***                            DEP irinotecan (5mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            DEP cabazitaxel                                                                                                                                        REMOVE      IF  NOT   PERMITTED                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 *          ***
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   DEP cabazitaxel (9mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                In clinical studies both candidates have experienced significantly fewer side effects such as nausea and boneFig. 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 *
                                                                                         DTX), DEP cabazitaxel (DEPTumour     growth
                                                                                                                       CTX), and     DEP data     (meanThe
                                                                                                                                           irinotecan.     ± fourth
                                                                                                                                                             standard DEPerror     of the
                                                                                                                                                                            candidate,       mean is a
                                                                                                                                                                                          AZD0466,    (SEM)) were   Reduced           side-effects:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       analysed in GraphPad                                                                 (9mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     DEP CTX MONOTHERAPY (EXPERIMENT 4)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Mean TV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      800                                         ***                   DEP irinotecan (5mg/kg) + Olaparib
                                                                                                                   Prism. partnered
                                                                                                                            Statistics with
                                                                                                                                          were     carried out    using    two-way       ANOVA      followed by DEP Dunnett’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          reducespost-hoc
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     importanttest.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                marrow        toxicity      (neutropenia,         anaemia, thrombocytopenia) than are          METHODS       typically seen with conventional




               and commercial interactions.
                                                                                         promising Bcl-2/Bcl-xL inhibitor,                      AstraZeneca,  and is   in Phase   1 clinical trials in the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  side effects such as bone 0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                marrow
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    20   toxicity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        40  60   80 / 100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       low120 140
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             white blood             Results 50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0     from a 100human 150  pancreatic cancer model (CAPAN-1)                        (Figures   4a – 4d)     showed;                                                                                                                                                                                                       1600
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Vehicle            100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP irinotecan (8mg/kg)
                                                                                         US (See AACR Poster # P-56, P-1718
                                                                                                                   Kaplan-Meier & Absurvival
                                                                                                                                        3066). curves were analysed using the Log-rank (Mantel-Cox)                 cellstest. For    Exp 4 –andtwo-                                                                                 Abraxane administered alone and in combination with                        taxanes, and        no inhibited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          gemcitabine     anaphylaxis       has been
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          tumour          observed.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   growth to         a similar                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        600


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Design and optimisation of a dendrimer-conjugated dual Bcl-2/Bcl-xL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (neutropenia)            alopecia (hair loss). DEP® removesDay        the need for toxic


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Irinotecan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Balb/c nude mice were inoculated subcutaneously with a cancer cell line

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Percent survival
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     extent (Percent tumour growth inhibition on Day 37 = 85% and 81 %, respectively).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP irinotecan (8mg/kg) + Olaparib
                                                                                                                   way ANOVA with repeated measures followed by i) Dunnett’s multiple                                     comparison
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    detergents    in currenttest to     DEP CTX
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              formulations,         MONOTHERAPY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              which are highly            (EXPERIMENT 3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  soluble in aqueous      formulations.                                                                                         DEP CTX and DEP DTX are two of four clinical stage products                                    • from Exp 1 – HT-29
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Starpharma’sor SW620;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               DEP10 and    6 mice/group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     platform.    Both respectively
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  DEP iriniotecan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      400
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ***
                                                                                         Starpharma’s DEP DTX and     DEP CTX are both        PEGylatedto G5vehicle
                                                                                                                                                              polylysine   dendrimers      with the   drug multiple comparisons test for                                                                                             DEP CTX    and DEP        DTX out to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       treatment         inhibited
                                                                                                                   compare       monotherapies                          control    and ii)     Tukey's                                                  Complete tumour regression and 100% survival with no                             tumour     regrowth                      day 126,          wastumour           growth more effectively than Abraxane (P= 0.004,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                compounds are currently under investigation in Phase 2 clinical •                             trials Exp   2 –HT-29;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       against          8 range
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    broad mice/groupof tumour types
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  800                                                                 50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    The combination of DEP® irinotecan
                                                                                         conjugated to the surface via a hydrolytically labile linker. Both products have demonstrated                                                                                                                                               Abraxane vs DEP DTX; P <0.0001, Abraxane vs DEP CTX).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         and olaparib was synergistic, leading


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 inhibitor, AZD0466, with improved therapeutic index
                                                                                                                   comparisons between treatment groups.                                                                      1500 Mean Tumour Volumeobserved         in DEP CTX treated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Figure 1a                        animals bearing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Survival                Figure 1bthe prostate    cancer tumour cell line, DU145 (Figures at a number of leading UK cancer hospitals including; Guy’s •                                                                and St  Exp 3 –HT-29; 10 mice/group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Thomas’, University College London



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                         superior efficacy and survival compared to the standard drug formulations in a range of xenograft                                                                                                         Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     DEP CTX given alone and in combination with                       gemcitabine induced complete regression of CAPAN-1 tumours                                                                                                                                                                                                 400
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0                                                                 to tumour regression
                                                                                         cancer models in immunocompromised mice.                                                                                                                       3a and 3b). The    100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                tumour inhibition and        Vehicle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Docetaxel 15 mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   DEP docetaxel     survival effectsfor of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         the DEP    CTXof the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             duration      were        markedly improved Hospital, Imperial College London, Velindre Cancer Centre, The Christie, The Beatson, The Leeds Teaching
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   study.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0     10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80                                          At Day 28 comparision to vehicle



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Percent Survival
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Mice were dosed with saline as control and;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Docetaxel
                                                                                                                   (Note: If error bars do not display on the graphs, they are not visible because they1000                    are shorter than compared with the cabazitaxel treated15                         group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  docetaxel where tumour    regrowth       was      evident in          all with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            animals                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                0                                                                                                                            P<0.05
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    28mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             DEP                     DEP DTX given      alone   and in    combination                           Hospital and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       gemcitabine          resultedThe    Newcastle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        in complete         upon Tyne.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         tumour   regression to day 58,                                                                                                                                                                                 0     20    40  60   80 100 120 140                              0       50       100      150                                            Day                                           *** P<0.0001
                                                                                                                   the height of the symbol).                                                                                                           by day 60. The 50  differences were highly statistically significant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             28 mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (P<0.0001).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     after which   slow tumour regrowth occurred in the DEP DTX cohort, but not the gemcitabine combination                                                                    •      Exp 1 – DEP irinotecan (15mg/kg) and irinotecan (90mg/kg) IV once per week on days 1,                                                                                Day                                                      Days
                                                                                          METHODS AND RESULTS                                                                                                                  500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Marianne B Ashford1, Srividya                                     B.15 (all drug
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      8 and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 cohort, treated mice (P<0.0001, t-test, Day 107 tumour volume). Balachander groups were ,     Lorraine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2dosed at               Graham1,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       the pre-determined             maximum    Francis
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       tolerated D      doseGibbons , Iain Grant , Kathryn J. Hill , Alexander R. Harmer , Sonya Gales ,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2                          3                              3                                   4                              4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Fig. 2                                                                                                                      Fig. 3                                                                    i.v. DEP ® irinotecan or irinotecan (dosed on days 1, 8, 15)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Fig. 8
                                                                                          Mouse xenograft studies were carried as following:                                                                                                                           0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0     25    50         75      100        125
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0              50         100           150                                            DEP TOXICITY ASSESSMENT;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Sean Redmond5, Brian Kelly7for, each
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 William
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      therapy).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                McCoull6, Shenghua Wen2, Martin Wild6, Eric Gangl2, David J. Owen7, Barry R. Davies6                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              p.o. olaparib daily, 5 days a week
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  P-1718
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Day                                                                                          Time (Days)                                                                                                                                                                                       •
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1 Pharmaceutical Sciences, R&D, AstraZeneca,Exp 2 – DEP irinotecan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Macclesfield,   UK. 2 (low  and high
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Oncology  R&D,dose), and  irinotecan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         AstraZeneca,        (35 US.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Boston,   mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      3  IV once per week
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pharmaceutical  Technology and Development, AstraZeneca, Macclesfield, UK. 4Clinical Pharmacology & Safety Sciences,                 R&D, dosed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    AstraZeneca,
                                                                                                Balb/c nude mice were inoculated subcutaneously with MDA-MB-231 (breast) cancer cell                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             The relative toxicities of the DEP DTX formulation and docetaxel were compared                in a study where                                                                                                              DEP irinotecan was also shown to be very effective in the HT-29 colon cancer model, which typically         Olaparib,           either as a monotherapy, or dosed in combination with irinotecan, provided little effect
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                andSciences,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Cambridge, UK. 5Clinical Pharmacology & Safety   cetuximabR&D, (Erbitux® 25 mg/kg) IP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        AstraZeneca,        twice
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Boston, US. per   week. R&D,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    6Oncology  Irinotecan and   cetuximab
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       AstraZeneca,  Cambridge, UK. 7Starpharma, Melbourne, VIC, Australia.
                                                                                                line (Exp 1 and 2, 10 mice/group).                                                         DEP DTX MONOTHERAPY (EXPERIMENT 1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    equivalent doses (based on docetaxel; 9mg/kg) were administered to male and female rats by intravenous                                                                                                                      responds poorly to irinotecan.                                                                              on tumour growth. However, when olaparib was used in combination with DEP irinotecan, the enhanced




               Three posters covered AstraZeneca’s first DEP® oncology product
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (Erbitux®) were dosed at the pre-determined maximum tolerated dose for the
                                                                                                SCID mice were inoculated subcutaneously with DU145 (prostate) cancer cell line (Exp 3, 10 Complete tumour regression was observed in both the DEP DTX (until day 75) and docetaxel (until                                                                                                                                                                       injection on Day 0. Blood samples were taken at day 0 prior to dosing, then at days 7, 14 and 21. The level                                                                                                                                                                                                                             anti-tumour activity observed was greater than the effect of each individual treatment alone. This
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                combination; however, DEP irinotecan doses were low dose (5 mg/kg) and high dose (10
                                                                                                mice/group).                                                                               day 45) treated animals bearing the breast cancer tumour cell line, MDA-MB-231 (Figure 1a). The                                                                                                                                                                       of neutrophils, expressed as the mean absolute count across all animals in the dose group (n=6 per group)                                                                                                                   In this study, irinotecan did not achieve appreciable anti-cancer activity compared to saline, whereas      statistically significant synergistic effect was observed in both the low-dose and high-dose DEP irinotecan +
                                                                                                NOD-scid interleukin-2 receptor gamma chain null were inoculated subcutaneously with tumour inhibition and survival effects of DEP DTX were significantly improved compared with the                                                                                                                                                                             at each time point, are shown in Figures 5a and 5b. Of particular significance      Introduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            was the absence of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                mg/kg) of the maximum tolerated dose for this combination.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Figure 1 Structure of AZD4320-dendrimer conjugates                DEP In        theexhibited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  irinotecan      rat a tolerability     study effect
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          significant anti-cancer  only(Figure 4).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          SPL-8931,         the wasAZD0466
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   DEP irinotecan      significantly was shown      to be efficacious
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         olaparib treated                    in the RS4; 11
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             groups (P<0.0001).
                                                                                                CAPAN-1 (colon) cancer cell line (Exp 4, 9 mice/group).                                    docetaxel treated group (Figures 1a and 1b; < 0.007 and 0.007 respectively).                                                                                                                                                                                          neutropenia for the DEP taxane candidates.                                                                                •    Exp 3 – DEP irinotecan (low and high dose), and irinotecan (80 mg/kg) IV once per week.      more effective
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      conjugatethan with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   irinotecan (P<0.0001)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            the    lowest  for both enhanced
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               release        fficacyand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         half-life    and no          xenograft
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           survival and was well model (Figure         5). the statistical significance of the efficacy of DEP irinotecan alone, the addition of olaparib
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Notwithstanding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Dual Bcl-2/Bcl-xL inhibitors are expected           to (50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Olaparib    deliver
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                mg/kg, Lynparza®) dosed PO (per oral) five times per week (5 days on/2       tolerated in this model (see Figures 4 and 5).
                                                                                          In each experiment mice were dosed with saline as control and;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Mean Tumour Volume Figure 2a                                                                                   Survival                Figure 2b                                                       Neutrophil count overtime for                                therapeutic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Neutrophil count overtime  for     benefit in many hematological     and solid
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                days off).   Irinotecan and olaparib were dosed at the pre-determined maximum                         efficacy, showed no effect on QRS amplitude (Figure                             Figure 5 Efficacy toof DEP  irinotecan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             AZD0466           provided an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          in RS4;11        even greater
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      tumour    xenograft level of tumour efficacy, with regression of tumours seen with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          both doses, as illustrated in figure 8 (P<0.0001). This was despite being dosed at significantly lower levels



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  DEP cabazitaxel vs cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1400
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      DEP docetaxel vs docetaxel                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      model at various doses
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   tumors, but their clinical application has       been dose
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                tolerated   limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  for the combination; however, DEP irinotecan doses were deliberately
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Saline
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1200                                                                        100
                                                                                          •     Exp 1 – DEP DTX (28 mg/kg) and docetaxel (15 mg/kg) by IV injection on days 1, 8 and 15 at                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               than the maximum tolerated dose (most efficacious dose). No other groups exhibited tumour regression

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Percent Survival


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Neutrophil Count x109 /L
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1000                               Cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Saline
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   by tolerability issues, including            reduced   in this experiment to allow for demonstration of synergy and were low dose (5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            thrombocytopenia.                                                                                         Figure 3 Cardiovascular Effects of AZD4320 and initial drug
                                                                                                0.1 ml/10g body weight (all drug groups were dosed at the pre-determined maximum                                                                                    800
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (9mg/kg)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        in the refractory colon cancer model.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                mg/kg) and high dose (8 mg/kg) of the maximum tolerated dose of single agent when




               in the clinic, AZD0466, and two posters showcased Starpharma’s
                                                                                                tolerated dose for each therapy).                                                                                                                                   600                                DEP cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (10mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     50                                                      Cabazitaxel (9mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   AZD4320, a potent dual Bcl-2/Bcl-xL                   inhibitor,                             Vehicle only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      dendrimer conjugates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                used in this combination.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                CLINICAL PROGRESS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    400                                                                                                                                      DEP cabazitaxel

                                                                                          •     Exp 2 – DEP CTX (10 mg/kg), and cabazitaxel (9 mg/kg) by IV injection on days 1, 8 and 15 at                      200
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   showed good efficacy but encountered dose limiting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (10mg/kg)                                                                                                          1                                                                                                               Cabazitaxel

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                DEP cabazitaxel

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   cardiovascular toxicity in preclinical              species,     and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      datahad
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0
                                                                                                0.1 ml/10g body weight (all drug groups were dosed at the pre-determined maximum                                      0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 110          0     50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Day
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                 Tumour   growth        (mean ± standard error of the mean (SEM)) were analysed in GraphPad                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  DEP irinotecan is Starpharma’s third internal DEP clinical candidate and recently completed the phase 1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Day
                                                                                                tolerated dose for each therapy).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Figure 5a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0   5     10
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Days  challenging
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   15     20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Figure 5bphysicochemical         properties which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Prism                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       portion of its development having met its objective of evaluating safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and
                                                                                                                                                                                                DEP CTX MONOTHERAPY (EXPERIMENT 2)
                                                                                          •     Exp 3 – DEP CTX (10 mg/kg), and cabazitaxel (11 mg/kg) by IV injection on days 1, 8 and 15 at                                                                                                                                                                                                      prevented its clinical development.•                   Exp 1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Nanocarriersand Exp 2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          can– two-way ANOVA followed by Dunnett’s post-hoc test. Kaplan-Meier                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  preliminary efficacy data, and identifying a recommended phase 2 dose.
                                                                                                                                                                                                Complete tumour regression was observed in both the DEP CTX and cabazitaxel treated animals CONCLUSION AND CLINICAL PROGRESS                                                                                                                              survival curves were analysed using the Log-rank (Mantel-Cox) test.
                                                                                                0.1 ml/10g body weight (all drug groups were dosed at the pre-determined maximum                                                                                                                                                                                                                   provide prolonged circulation time,•controlled                   release,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Results from the phase 1 study demonstrated that DEP irinotecan was well-tolerated and patients generally
                                                                                                                                                                                                bearing the breast cancer tumour cell line, MDA-MB-231 (Figures 2a and 2b). Tumour regrowth in                                                                                                                                                            Exp 3 – two-way ANOVA with repeated measures followed by i) Dunnett’s multiple
                                                                                                tolerated dose for each therapy).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               experienced less severe side effects, including no cases of severe diarrhea, which is particularly
                                                                                                                                                                                                the cabazitaxel group was evident by day 43 with 9 of 10 tumours reaching an ethical tumour In summary, both DEP taxanes are well tolerated and show significantly better tumor                                 accumulation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    efficacy, survival    benefits andand retention. comparison
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Consequently,test to compare monotherapies to vehicle control and ii) Tukey's multiple                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Fig. 4                                                                                                        Fig. 5
                                                                                                Exp 4 – Abraxane (40 mg/kg), gemcitabine (80 mg/kg), DEP DTX (20 mg/kg), DEP DTX (20 volume endpoint by day 98. DEP CTX treatment significantly prolonged mouse survival beyond lower toxicity compared to current standard of care therapies Taxotere® andthey                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 problematic (FDA black box warning) with the marketed form of irinotecan (Camptosar®)
                                                                                          •                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  have
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Jevtana®.   Bothbeen      explored to improve the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          DEP taxanes                           therapeutic




               DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          comparisons    test for comparisons between treatment groups.
                                                                                                mg/kg) + gemcitabine (80 mg/kg), DEP CTX (7.5 mg/kg) and DEP CTX (7.5 mg/kg) + that of cabazitaxel (P <0.001).                                                                                                   work well in combination with other agents, which further improves their anticancer        effectiveness.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        AZD0466 had no       effect on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Encouraging         QRS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                efficacy  signalsamplitude
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   observed in in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               50%aof rat
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        evaluable patients to date – not only in patients with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   index of      small molecules in oncology.
                                                                                                gemcitabine (80 mg/kg). Abraxane, DEP DTX and DEP CTX were given via IV injection and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Both DEP taxanes are water-soluble and do not require surfactants such as This                                                     (Note: If error bars do of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             not display on the graphs, they are not visible because they are shorter                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             telemetry study colorectal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (Figure 6).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             cancer,Inforthe   dog
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           which     telemetry
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  conventional     study is approved, but also in patients with breast and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                irinotecan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Mean Tumour Volume Figure 3a                       Survival                Figure 3b                                                                                      polysorbatework80 for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      describes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            dissolutionthe design and   development
                                                                                                gemcitabine by IP injection on days 1, 8 and 15 at 0.1 ml/10g body weight.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        60 mg/kg AZD0466      (equivalent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  pancreatic  cancer. DEP to 18    mg/kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             irinotecan    AZD4320)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        phase 2  clinical trial is currently underway at leading UK hospitals.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 which negates the need for pretreatment with corticosteroids in the clinical setting. Of     particular             drug-dendrimerthan the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           significance                       height of the symbol).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Results


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Mean Tumour Volume (mm3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   AZD0466,           a novel                         conjugate,       where
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  was not associated with any adverse clinical signs and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                1500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 is the lack of neutropenia in preclinical studies, the major dose-limiting toxicity of current taxane therapies.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   AZD4320 is chemically conjugated to Starpharma’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 100
                                                                                          Throughout experiments all dosing groups were generally well tolerated with mean weight loss

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Percent Survival
                                                                                                                                                                                                                1000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Saline
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Saline                   This lack of bone marrow toxicities may allow for more effective combination treatments when used with                                                              Efficacy & Tolerability of Initial Conjugates                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                gave significantly less decrease in QRS amplitude
                                                                                          not exceeding 10% and tumour size not exceeding the ethical end point of 1200 mm3. Both criteria                                                       Cabazitaxel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 other anticancer agents, including immunotherapies.                               DEP®         dendrimer         platform,  a 5-generation      PEGylated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Mathematical Modelling Guided Optimization
                                                                                          were determined as ethical endpoints for all animals.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (11mg/kg)       50                    Cabazitaxel (11mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Three drug-dendrimer conjugates had measured                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 than 1 mg/kg AZD4320 (Figure 7).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 500
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 DEP cabazitaxel                                                                                                                                   poly-lysine dendrimer via a hydrolytically labile linker
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 In clinical studies both candidates have experienced significantly fewer side effects such as nausea and bone                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       A mathematical model was developed to describe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     release half-lives of 1.7 h (SPL-8933), 5.4 h (SPL-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        DEP cabazitaxel (9mg/kg)
                                                                                          Tumour growth data (mean ± standard error of the mean (SEM)) were analysed in GraphPad                                                                 (9mg/kg)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Figure 6 Effects of AZD0466 on QRS amplitude in rat
                                                                                          Prism. Statistics were carried out using two-way ANOVA followed by Dunnett’s post-hoc test.                                                                                                                            marrow toxicity (neutropenia, anaemia, thrombocytopenia) than are typically       (Figureseen 1).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 withRelease
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         conventional of AZD4320 is through hydrolytic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               aspects of the in-vivo disposition of AZD4320 dosed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     8932), 217 h (SPL-8931). The results of the efficacy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0                                                0 50       100      150

                                                                                          Kaplan-Meier survival curves were analysed using the Log-rank (Mantel-Cox) test. For Exp 4 – two-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0  20   40  60  80 100 120 140
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Day                                                                         taxanes, and no anaphylaxis has been observed.                                    cleavage         of   the    linker   , which is characterized        by   a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      as drug dendrimer conjugates.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   “releaseDEP    half-life”,      defined as the time to release 50%                study are shown in Figure 2. SPL-8933 and SPL-8932
                                                                                          way ANOVA with repeated measures followed by i) Dunnett’s multiple comparison test to DEP CTX MONOTHERAPY (EXPERIMENT 3)                                                                                               DEP CTX and DEP DTX are two of four clinical stage products from Starpharma’s                        platform. Both                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Output from the modelling allows the prediction of the
                                                                                          compare monotherapies to vehicle control and ii) Tukey's multiple comparisons test for Complete tumour regression and 100% survival with no tumour regrowth out to day 126, was compounds are currently under investigation in Phase 2 clinical trials against of                                              therange
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                active      moiety.                                                  with the faster release half-life initially produced tumor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    broad            of tumour     types This release half-life can be                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               maximum released concentration of AZD4320 in both
                                                                                          comparisons between treatment groups.                                                                 observed in DEP CTX treated animals bearing the prostate cancer tumour cell line, DU145 (Figures at a number of leading UK cancer hospitals including; Guy’s and St Thomas’,                       modified
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Universitythrough         linker design. This work describes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     College London                                                  regression with similar kinetics to AZD4320 however




               These posters highlight the reproduceable improvements in
                                                                                                                                                                                                3a and 3b). The tumour inhibition and survival effects of DEP CTX were markedly improved Hospital, Imperial College London, Velindre Cancer Centre, The Christie, The Beatson, The Leeds Teaching                                                                                    the conjugate with the slowest release rate, SPL-8931,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          tumor and plasma as a function of the release
                                                                                          (Note: If error bars do not display on the graphs, they are not visible because they are shorter than compared with the cabazitaxel treated group where tumour regrowth was evident in all animals Hospital and The Newcastle upon Tyne.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the optimisation of the elease half life                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          rate. The highest tumor Cmax is predicted for a drug
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     showed no efficacy.
                                                                                          the height of the symbol).                                                                            by day 60. The differences were highly statistically significant (P<0.0001).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         dendrimer conjugate with a 5 h release half-life but this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Methods                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         is at the expense of high systemic levels. A release
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               • Initially three drug-dendrimer conjugates with a                                                                                                                                                                                                                    half-life in the range 20 – 30 h results in the best
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Figure 2 Efficacy of AZD4320 and initial drug dendrimer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 range of AZD4320 release half-lives were                                                                                                conjugates                                                                                                                  compromise between tumor and systemic Cmax ;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 synthesised and their release half-lives measured                                                                                                                                                                                                                   maximising potential       fficacy whilst minimising                                                                                                                         Figure 7 Effects of AZD0466 on QRS amplitude in dog versus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     cardiovascular risk (Figure 4).                                                                                                                                              AZD4320




               efficacy and therapeutic index enabled by the DEP® technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               • Efficacy was investigated in C.B-17 SCID mice
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 bearing RS4;11 tumors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               AZD0466 with a release half-life of 25.5 h falls within
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               • Cardiovascular parameters and tolerance were                                                                                                                                                                                                                        the optimum range identified from the mathematical
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 assessed in a telemetered rat model                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 modelling.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               • A mathematical model was developed and used to                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Figure 4 (a and b) Simulated dependence of




                                                                                         The AACR Annual Meeting is one
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 optimize the desired release rate of the active                                                                                                                                                                                                                     released AZD4320 tumour and plasma Cmax on release half-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 moiety, AZD4320, from the dendrimer conjugate for                                                                                                                                                                                                                   life (per unit dose)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (c) Optimisation Index (Therapeutic Index per unit dose) as a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 maximal therapeutic index in terms of preclinical




               that are key benefits of the platform seen in Starpharma’s internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     function of release half-life.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 anti-tumor efficacy and cardiovascular profile.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               • AZD0466, with a modelled optimum release half-life
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Conclusions


                                                                                         of the most widely attended cancer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 of 25.5 h, was synthesised
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               • Efficacy studies were carried out in RS4;11                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The AZD4320-dendrimer conjugate, AZD0466,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 xenograft model and cardiovascular studies carried                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           identified in this study has delivered an improved
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 out in rat and dog telemetered models                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        therapeutic index enabling this promising Bcl-2/Bcl-xL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              inhibitor to progress into clinical development.




               products and partner programs.                                            research meetings each year. AACR                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Supported by                                                                                                                                                                    Presented at the AACR Virtual Annual Meeting II:E-Poster Submission, Targeted Delivery of Small Molecules and Biologics 1, 22-24 June 2020




                                                                                         2020 was held as a virtual event due
                                                                                         to COVID-19 restrictions. In 2020 the
                                                                                         two-day virtual meeting attracted
                                                                                         more than 61,000 registrants from 140
                                                                                         countries, including cancer scientists,
                                                                                         industry personnel and clinicians.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             7
                    Starpharma's internal DEP® pipeline & other development programs

                    Lung, prostate & other cancer types                                                                                                     PHASE 2
                    DEP® DOCETAXEL

                    Prostate, ovarian & other cancer types                                                                                                  PHASE 2
                    DEP® CABAZITAXEL

                    Colorectal, pancreatic & other cancer types                                                                                             PHASE 2
                    DEP® IRINOTECAN




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           Starpharma’s
                    Pancreatic, lung & other cancer types                                  PRECLINICAL                                                     DEP® products
                                                                                                                                                           address
                    DEP® GEMCITABINE                                                                                              LUNG                     significant
                                                                                                           BREAST
                                                                                                                                 CANCER
                                                                                                                                 (NSCLC)                   needs and
                                                                                                                                              PANCREATIC
                                                                                                                                                           opportunities
                    Antibody Drug Conjugates                                               PRECLINICAL                                                     in oncology.
                    DEP® HER-2 ADC

                    Radiotherapeutic                                                       PRECLINICAL                 OVARIAN
                    DEP® LUTETIUM
                                                                                                                                              COLORECTAL


                    Antiviral                                                              PRECLINICAL                            PROSTATE
                    DEP® ANTIVIRAL




               DEP® Pipeline                                                                   DEP® gemcitabine
               DEP radiotherapeutics
                         ®                                                                     Starpharma advanced the development of a further new exciting
               The versatility of Starpharma’s DEP platform means it can be®                   internal DEP® candidate, DEP® gemcitabine, during the year.
               used with a wide range of therapies and types of molecules (e.g.                DEP® gemcitabine is a DEP® version of Lilly’s Gemzar®
               small molecule drugs, peptides, antibodies, radioisotopes). This                (gemcitabine) – a well-established anti-cancer drug, which
               flexibility has allowed Starpharma to develop a range of DEP®                   had peak sales of US$1.7 billion. Gemzar® (gemcitabine) is
               radiotherapeutics as well as its other DEP® programs. In keeping                one of the leading chemotherapeutic drugs used to treat
               with other DEP® products, DEP® radiotherapeutic products have                   pancreatic cancer – and there are otherwise limited options
               the potential to target cancer tissue, reduce off-target toxicity and           for these patients. Gemzar® is administered as a monotherapy
               enhance efficacy. They can also be used alone or in combination                 or in combination with other therapies such as Abraxane®.
               with other therapeutic approaches and provide additional                        Pancreatic cancer is a leading cause of cancer death, with a
               commercial opportunities for co-development of therapeutic                      1-year survival rate of 20%, and a 5-year survival rate of only 7%
               and diagnostic products.                                                        and therefore represents a significant unmet need.
               During the year, Starpharma’s first DEP®                                        DEP® gemcitabine demonstrated significantly enhanced anti-
               radiotherapy candidate, DEP® lutetium was tested                                tumour activity compared with Gemzar® (conventional
               in a human prostate cancer model (DU-145)                                       gemcitabine), both alone and in combination with Nab-paclitaxel
               and showed highly statistically significant                                     (Abraxane®) in a preclinical human pancreatic cancer model.
               anti-cancer activity, with tumour                                               Pancreatic cancer represents a significant unmet need with
               regression and 100% survival. DEP®                                              very low response rates to treatment.
               lutetium is a Starpharma patented
               nanoparticle that incorporates the                                              DEP® HER-2 ADC
               radioisotope, Lutetium-177, on a                                                Building on Starpharma’s previously announced internal
               DEP® dendrimer scaffold.                                                        Targeted DEP® programs, the company developed a novel
               Radiopharmaceuticals are a rapidly                                              DEP® HER-2 Targeted ADC (antibody drug conjugate).
               developing area of cancer treatment and diagnosis, and this area                This DEP® HER-2 Targeted ADC demonstrated significant
               has recently generated several high-value transactions. Sales in                tumour regression and 100% survival in a preclinical
               the category are estimated to grow rapidly with forecast sales of               human ovarian cancer model and significantly outperformed
               $12–15 billion by 20301. DEP® lutetium is one of several promising              leading HER-2 products, Kadcyla®, a HER-2 targeted ADC,
               DEP® radiotherapeutic candidates in development by Starpharma.                  and Herceptin® itself.
                                                                                               Starpharma’s novel DEP® HER-2 Targeted ADC binds to the
                                                                                               same target (HER-2) as the leading monoclonal antibody cancer
                                                                                               therapy, Herceptin®, which had 2018 sales in excess of US$7
                                                                                               billion. The use of ADCs is an innovative and cutting-edge area
                                                                                               in cancer therapy that continues to grow and the company also
                                                                                               has a number of partner programs in the area.
                                                                                               Starpharma is developing multiple other DEP® candidates to
                                                                                               add to its high-value preclinical pipeline.




               1
                   Nuclear medicine world market report & directory, MEDraysintell, 2016




               8       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                       The AACR posters also highlighted the potent and broad
                 CEO'S REPORT
                                                                                       ranging anti-cancer activity of AZD0466 which results from
                                                                                       the dual Bcl2 and Bcl/xL activity. AZD0466 has demonstrated
                                                                                       superior anti-cancer activity in a wide range of preclinical
                                                                                       tumour models including Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML),
                                                                                       Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL), Non-Hodgkin’s
               Partnered DEP® programs                                                 Lymphoma and Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC).
               Starpharma’s business model provides pharmaceutical partners
               with access to its novel DEP® drug delivery platform under              During the AACR meeting, AstraZeneca also presented
               commercial licences – creating significant leverage and optionality     an overview of AZD0466 as part of its oncology portfolio,
               in returns for Starpharma.                                              including the extract below.

               Starpharma assists its partners by creating DEP® versions of




For personal use only
               their molecules, initially under a research collaboration, with the
                                                                                          Extract from AstraZeneca’s AACR presentation:
               potential to licence rights to Starpharma for development and
               commercialisation. DEP® provides partners with a number of                 “AZD0466 is a nanomedicine of a potent inhibitor
               benefits: it can assist partners as a lifecycle management tool            of BCL-2 and BCL-XL. AZD0466 conjugated with
               by improving their existing drugs – to increase sales and margins          Starpharma DEP® biodegradable poly-L-lysine
               through differentiated product benefits and new intellectual               dendrimers is specifically designed to disrupt both
               property. For partners developing novel drugs that have issues             BCL-2 and BCL-XL interactions with pro-death
               (e.g. toxicity, insolubility, suboptimal pharmacokinetics etc), the        proteins. AZD0466 administered on a weekly
               DEP® platform can address such suboptimal drug characteristics
                                                                                          intravenous schedule releases the active
               that would otherwise limit future use and patient acceptability.
                                                                                          moiety over a period of time to potentially
                                                                                          maximize therapeutic index. AZD0466 is
                                                                                          currently being investigated as a potential
                                                                                          therapy in both hematologic
                                                                                          malignancies and solid cancers”.



                                                                                       Other partnered DEP® programs
                                                                                       During the year, Starpharma progressed its other DEP® partnered
                                                                                       programs, including Targeted DEP® partnerships with world
                                                                                       leading antibody-drug conjugate companies.

               Starpharma’s research team provide highly specialised                   Starpharma also signed up a new DEP® program with an existing
               expertise in dendrimers to partner programs. Having a                   partner in a novel area of cancer. The company also progressed
               TGA licence and in-house capabilities also allows                       discussions with two new pharmaceutical partners, for several
               Starpharma to accelerate the development of DEP®                        partnered DEP® drug delivery programs in oncology and non-
               products, scale up products and facilitate partnered                    oncology areas.
               programs whilst generating additional revenues.                         Starpharma recently signed a new research partnership with
                                                                                       leading Chinese Pharmaceutical company Tianjin Chase Sun
               AstraZeneca commenced its first DEP trial      ®
                                                                                       Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Chase Sun) to develop several DEP®
               In December 2019, AstraZeneca commenced its first-in-human              nanoparticle formulations for an anti-infective drug.
               phase 1 clinical trial for AZD0466 in a range of cancers, at multiple   The agreement also provides for the potential to
               sites in the US. Most recently, MD Anderson Cancer Center,              conduct additional DEP® programs, which can be
               the internationally renowned cancer center in Houston (Texas),          across therapeutic areas beyond anti-infectives.
               opened as a trial site. The commencement of this trial followed         Chase Sun is a leading listed Chinese
               the achievement of US FDA approval of an investigational new            pharmaceutical company focussed on R&D and
               drug (IND) application for AZD0466.                                     commercialisation of healthcare products. Chase
                                                                                       Sun is a rapidly growing and innovative company
               The development of AZD0466 is being progressed under a                  with a market capitalisation exceeding A$3 billion
               multi-product licence whereby Starpharma is eligible to receive         and its 2019 sales were in excess of A$1 billion.
               development, launch and sales milestones. The commencement
               of the AZD0466 phase 1 trial triggered a milestone payment to
               Starpharma of US$3 million.
               AZD0466 is a highly optimised nanomedicine formulation of a
               novel dual Bcl2/xL inhibitor which utilises Starpharma’s DEP®
               technology. AstraZeneca describes AZD0466 as having the
               potential to be a ‘best-in-class’ agent in this field due to its
               ability to target both Bcl2 and Bcl/xL with a broad opportunity in
               solid and haematological tumours (blood cancers). AZD0466 is
               Starpharma’s first partnered DEP® product to enter the clinic and
               illustrates the significant benefits that can be created for novel
               agents using the DEP® platform.
               In June 2020, AZD0466 was presented in three scientific posters
               at the 2020 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
               Annual Meeting. These posters highlight the marked improvement
               in therapeutic index achieved with AZD0466 through the
               application of the DEP® technology, enabling its progression
               into the clinic and attracting significant interest from clinicians.




                                                                                                              STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   9
               3 Year Financial Summary




For personal use only
                                                                                     2020     2019     2018
                                                                                      $M       $M       $M

              Revenue & other income                                                  6.6      1.7      3.9

              Interest revenue                                                        0.5      1.0      1.1

              Total revenue and other income                                          7.1      2.7      5.0

              Expenditure                                                            (21.8)   (17.0)   (15.3)

              Loss for the period                                                    (14.7)   (14.3)   (10.3)

              Net operating cash outflows                                            (10.8)   (10.3)   (10.2)

              Net investing and financing cash outflows                              (0.7)    (0.3)    (0.4)

              Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                               30.1     41.3     51.3



               Overview of Financial Results
               Total revenue and other income for the year was $7.1 million,
               which included a $4.3 million development milestone from
               AstraZeneca for the first dose of AZD0466 administered in the
               phase 1 trial of its first DEP® product, and $1.5 million from
               product sales and royalties related to VivaGel® BV and the
               VivaGel® condom.
               Starpharma reported a net loss of $14.7 million, compared to
               $14.3 million last year. The increase in expenditure from the prior
               year reflected the expanded clinical programs, with ongoing
               clinical expenditure on clinical trials for DEP® docetaxel, and
               DEP® cabazitaxel, the commencement of the DEP® irinotecan
               clinical trial, and preparations for a potential VivaGel® BV
               treatment clinical trial.
               The net operating cash outflows for the year were $10.8 million,
               compared to $10.3 million last year. Starpharma ended the
               financial year with a strong cash balance of $30.1 million.




               10       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                      Starpharma’s team, which is developing a range of internal and
                 CEO'S REPORT
                                                                                      partnered DEP® products, have shown remarkable dedication,
                                                                                      flexibility and tenacity during the year – progressing further
                                                                                      DEP® products into the clinic and advancing multiple new DEP®
                                                                                      candidates through the preclinical pipeline, including our first
                                                                                      radiotherapeutic candidate. The progression of our DEP® assets
               Review and Future Outlook                                              are made possible by the clear and compelling benefits that are
               The past year has been an extraordinary period for all of us.          consistently demonstrated in preclinical and clinical studies.
               Despite the challenges posed by a global pandemic, I am very
               proud of our small and talented team of 45 people, who have            Our people appreciate that the very nature of Starpharma's
               navigated through the COVID-19 environment with unwavering             products affords the opportunity of changing lives for the better.
               commitment, dedication and agility. Our performance-driven             This year, Starpharma has prepared its first, standalone
                                                                                      Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) report. Our




For personal use only
               culture has never been more apparent and is reflected in the
               multitude of important milestones achieved throughout the year         ESG Report showcases how we, as a company, contribute to and
               despite the challenging external environment. I thank all our staff    care for, the broader community – while driving to achieve our
               for their hard work and resilience throughout this period.             goal to bring important medicines to patients in need – and our
                                                                                      pursuit of responsible business practices to achieve this goal.
               Thus far, we have had no material disruptions to our R&D output,       We encourage you visit our website and read the report.
               operations, or supply chain although we have experienced pauses
               in recruitment of varying duration in most DEP® trial sites as they    Looking to the year ahead, we remain focussed on progressing
               deal with COVID-19 in their areas. Our executive team worked           our clinical DEP® assets and continuing to expand this portfolio,
               rapidly to implement a broad range of measures for the safety of       moving up our preclinical programs and exploring value-adding
               our employees, patients, and consumers. The risks associated           combinations to broaden the market opportunity. In parallel, we
               with this virus remain and we will continue to proactively manage      will work assiduously on further approvals in our VivaGel®
               all aspects of our business operations.                                portfolio, including in the US, to enable additional launches as
                                                                                      well as the development of our SPL7013 COVID-19 product.
               As the pandemic emerged, we moved quickly to test our
               proprietary antiviral dendrimer, SPL7013, against the virus. The       Starpharma’s strong balance sheet and anticipated building
               high potency of SPL7013 means that a final formulated product          revenues place the company in an excellent position for growth.
               will have a concentration of SPL7013 that is several thousand-fold     Starpharma is well placed to leverage its expertise, resources
               higher than required to inactivate SARS-CoV-2. It is with the          and, most importantly, its human capital and IP portfolio to
               highest sense of urgency that our team works to develop and            drive success and increase shareholder value.
               progress this product to provide people like our front-line            As we move forward, I thank our staff, partners and our
               healthcare workers with a much-needed preventative product.            shareholders and remain committed to our purpose of creating
               We now plan to leverage our existing regulatory approvals,             innovative therapies which have the potential to profoundly improve
               production and commercialisation expertise and relationships           patient health worldwide, and generate shareholder value.
               to progress this product as rapidly as possible.
               We are also very pleased to have achieved key milestones
               within both of our portfolios, with VivaGel® BV launched in multiple
               countries, and expanded licensing and EU approval for the
               VivaGel® condom. It will take some time for revenues to build for      Jackie Fairley
               these products and we will continue to support our partners to         Chief Executive Officer
               establish a long-lasting and valuable brand presence for these
               important products.


                 Diverse, High-Value VivaGel® and DEP® Portfolios
               Starpharma’s VivaGel® products are based on its proprietary            Starpharma’s DEP® platform enhances the commercial and
               dendrimer, SPL7013 and are currently on market in the UK,              therapeutic value of a wide range of drugs, making it a highly
               Europe, Asia & AUS/NZ                                                  valuable partnering technology


                                                                                         INTERNAL DEP®                                       PARTNERED DEP®




                                          VivaGel®                                                               DEP®
                                          Products                                                              Platform




                                             SPL7013




                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   11
                                                                                                                                                  At Starpharma, occupational health and safety is key and is
                 ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE
                                                                                                                                                  considered every employee’s responsibility. Starpharma’s
                                                                                                                                                  occupational, health and safety program is designed to prevent
                                                                                                                                                  work related injuries and accidents and the company has an
                                                                                                                                                  excellent track record in this regard. The company’s zero harm
                                                                                                                                                  objective is promoted through a culture of safety and hazard
               As an ASX300 biopharmaceutical company, Starpharma produces
                                                                                                                                                  reporting and overseen by an active OH&S
               positive societal outcomes for its stakeholders, including patients,
                                                                                                                                                  committee. OH&S is monitored by both lead
               consumers, shareholders, employees, the broader community
                                                                                                                                                  and lag indicators. Incidents and near
               and the environment. The very nature of Starpharma's products
                                                                                                                                                  misses are reported and investigated in
               affords the opportunity of changing lives for the better. Through
                                                                                                                                                  order to understand root causes and prevent
                                       innovative research and development,
                                                                                                                                                  recurrence. During FY20 and at least the
                                          Starpharma and its partners are




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                  previous 10 years, Starpharma has had no
                                            creating therapies which have the
                                                                                                                                                  WorkSafe notifiable incidents.
                                                potential to profoundly improve
                                                   patient health worldwide.
                                                                                                                                                  Our Partners
                                                      This year, Starpharma                                                                       Starpharma has established important business and scientific
                                                     published its first standalone                                                               partnerships with leading global companies, international
                                                  ESG Report to further                                                                           medical research organisations and key governmental and
                                               communicate the company’s                                                                          non-governmental departments and institutions. These
                                             established practices and its focus                                                                  relationships offer critical inputs from world experts and provide a
                                          on continuous improvement in this area.                                                                 pathway for products to enter the market and change daily lives.
               The report details how Starpharma contributes to and cares for
               the broader community, and the company’s commitment to
                                                                                                                                                  Product & Patient Safety
               responsible business practices to ensure its products are
               being developed safely and                                                                                                         All Starpharma’s products, are developed in compliance with
               ethically, in strict compliance                                                  sal
                                                                                          Dispo ical
                                                                                                        Inno
                                                                                                             va
                                                                                                       colla tion &
                                                                                                                                                  the relevant regulatory requirements, including for the areas of
                                                                                               ed
                                                                                                                                                  research, clinical trials, commercialisation and manufacturing.
                                                                                          of m              bora
                                                                                                ucts             tion
               with the relevant regulatory                                C
                                                                         ch lim
                                                                                           prod
                                                                                                                             se &
                                                                                                                           ea on
               requirements, including
                                                                           an ate                                        is ti nt

                                                                                                                                                  Starpharma takes product quality very seriously and has a
                                                                             ge                                         D en e
                                                                                                                          ev atm
                                                                                                                        pr tre

               for the areas of research,                         t
                                                                                           M
                                                                                             EN
                                                                                               T
                                                                                                               U
                                                                                                                  TS
                                                                                                                 C T
                                                                                                              D EN
                                                                                                                     &

                                                                                                                                                  comprehensive quality management system with well-developed
                                                              Was                                            O TI LTH
               commercialisation and supply.
                                                                                         N
                                                                                                                                             y&
                                                                  te                                       PR PA EA
                                                                                         O
                                                                                                                                       Safet
                                                           man
                                                                                                                                                  quality systems processes, including (but not limited to): change
                                                                                       R
                                                                                     VI
                                                                                                                 H
                                                               agem                                                                     ethics
                                                                                    EN
                                                                    en


               Our ESG Framework                                                                                                                  control, internal auditing, complaint handling, post market
               comprises Products & Patient                        ribery
                                                                                                                                    Cultu
                                                                                                                                 inclus re
                                                                                                                                                  surveillance and supplier management. Starpharma also ensures
                                                             Anti-b ion                                                                io
                                                                                                                                                  that its manufacturing suppliers have all the necessary controls in
                                                                                    G                               E
                                                                   pt                                                             dive n &
                                                                                    O                            PL
                                                              coru
               Health, Our People,
                                                                                     VE
                                                                                         R                    PE
                                                                                                                O                     rsity
                                                                                          N
                                                                                           A

                                                                                                                                                  place for quality performance.
                                                                                             N              R
                                                                                                           U

               Governance, and the
                                                                                              CE          O
                                                                            In
                                                                                   t                                     he
                                                                                en                                      & alth plo
                                                                             nd                                          w , ye
               Environment, and is
                                                                           pe ard ht                                    Em el sa e
                                                                         de Bo sig                                           lb fe
                                                                                er                                             ei ty
                                                                             ov                                                  ng
                                                                                                             oyee
                                                                                                                                                  Suppliers
                                                                                            Cod

               embedded with specific                                                                   Empl
                                                                                                e
                                                                                           cond of          lopm
                                                                                                                 ent
                                                                                                uct    deve


               activities and initiatives to                                                                                                      The company’s supplier code includes a wide range of business
               achieve high standards in                                                                                                          practices to provide suppliers with clear expectations regarding
               each of these areas.                                                                                                               their conduct. Starpharma is conscious of responsible and ethical
                                                                                                                                                  sourcing and is actively reviewing its procedures in this area.
               Our People, Our Values                                                                                                             The company is continually reviewing the applicable guidance on
               Developing new pharmaceutical and medical products is both                                                                         responsible sourcing and sustainable procurement with the aim
               challenging and rewarding. Doing so requires a culture where our                                                                   of creating greater social and sustainability benefits through its
               people have the right balance of both patient-centric and                                                                          purchasing activities.
               commercially-focussed values. Working with a sense of urgency,
               innovative thinking, resilience and collaboration are central to our                                                               Environment
               company values: Teamwork, Superior Performance, Innovation,                                                                        Starpharma is committed to conducting its operations in an
               Integrity and Accountability. Our people have a strong sense of                                                                    environmentally responsible manner, as healthy people rely on a
               how their work benefits the broader community.                                                                                     healthy environment. Reducing our environmental footprint is not
               Starpharma is committed to continued development of its                                                                            only important for human and environmental health – it also leads
               organisational capabilities, including a focus on initiatives that                                                                 to the long-term health of economies and our business. The
               promote diversity and inclusiveness in the workplace. We                                                                           company ensures it has appropriate systems in place to comply
               believe having a diverse workforce drives better outcomes for                                                                      with relevant Federal, State and Local regulations, and has
               our business and provides the company with greater breadth                                                                         adopted documented procedures and processes to ensure
               of experience and ideas.                                                                                                           all waste products are disposed of strictly in accordance with
                                                                                                                                                  relevant environmental regulations.
               As at 30 June 2020, almost half of our employees were born
               outside of Australia and approximately half of our employees are                                                                   The full ESG Report is available at www.starpharma.com.
               female. Half of the leadership roles at Starpharma are held by
               women, and at Board level, 33% per cent of directors are female.
               Since 2011 Starpharma has maintained female representation on
               its board of between 33–40% .
               We have a highly skilled and specialised workforce. The
               employees of Starpharma are critical to the company achieving
               business success. To ensure a positive culture and that
               Starpharma remains a safe, healthy, and attractive workplace
               for our employees, Starpharma has well developed workplace
               policies and practices. Starpharma’s code of conduct reflects the
               core values of the company and sets out standards of behaviour
               in matters including equal employment opportunity and best
               practice in recruitment.




               12       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
              Directors’ Report

              Your directors have pleasure in presenting this report on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter as the “group”, “company”, or
              “Starpharma”) consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (the “Parent Entity”) and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year
              ended 30 June 2020.

              Directors
              The following persons were directors of Starpharma Holdings Limited at the date of this report and during the whole of the financial year:

              R B Thomas (Chairman)                                Z Peach                                              J K Fairley (Chief Executive Officer)




For personal use only
              R A Hazleton                                         P R Turvey

              D J McIntyre was a director from 1 March 2020 to the date of this report.

              Information on Directors
              Robert B Thomas AO, BEc, MSAA, SF Fin, FAICD, FRSN                             Jacinth (Jackie) K Fairley BSc, BVSc (Hons), MBA, GAICD,
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 4 December 2013)                 FTSE
              and Chairman from 13 June 2014                                                 Chief Executive Officer and Director (appointed 1 July 2006)

              Experience                                                                     Experience
              Mr Thomas has a strong background in financial services and                    Dr Jackie Fairley has more than 30 years of operational
              capital markets and is a non-executive director of several                     experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
              Australian listed companies. Formerly he was a Partner of Potter               working in senior management roles with companies including
              Partners (now UBS) where he was also Head of Research.                         CSL Limited (‘CSL”) and Faulding (now Pfizer). In those roles she
                                                                                             had responsibilities which included clinical, regulatory, business
              He is the former Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of County                     development, product development management and general
              NatWest Securities and then became CEO and then Chairman of                    management. At Faulding she was responsible for Global Product
              Citibank Corporate and Investment Bank in Australia. Mr Thomas                 Development, Regulatory Affairs and Business Development for
              has also held the position of Chairman at Australian Wealth                    Faulding’s Hospital Business which operated in more than 60
              Management Ltd (ultimately IOOF Ltd), TAL (Australia’s largest life            countries.
              insurance company) and HeartWare® International Inc, the second
              largest global manufacturer of left ventricular assist heart pumps.            Jackie holds first class honours degrees in Science (pharmacology
              Mr Thomas is Chair of AusBio Ltd and Grahger Retail Securities,                and pathology) and Veterinary Science from Melbourne University
              and a director of Biotron Limited and O’Connell Street Associates.             and was a practicing veterinary surgeon prior to joining CSL.
                                                                                             Whilst at CSL she obtained an MBA from the Melbourne Business
              For many years Mr Thomas was regarded as one of Australia’s                    School where she was the recipient of the prestigious Clemenger
              leading financial analysts and regularly lectured with Financial               Medal. Jackie is also a Graduate of the Australian Institute of
              Services Institute of Australia (“FINSIA”). He has considerable                Company Directors.
              expertise in Mergers & Acquisition (“M&A”) and capital markets
              including advising on the floats of Commonwealth Bank of                       Jackie currently sits on the board of the Melbourne Business
              Australia and Qantas, and vast experience in Audit and Risk                    School, is a non-executive director of listed investment company
              Management. Mr Thomas is also approved under the NSW                           Mirrabooka Investments Limited and Chairman of the Invest
              prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk Committee Independent               Victoria Advisory Board. She is a past member of the Federal
              Chairs and Members for government/public sector agencies and                   Government’s Commonwealth Science Council and
              has previously served as the Chairman of the Audit and Risk                    Pharmaceutical Industry Working Group and the Federal
              Committee of Virgin Australia Limited (for 11 years), HeartWare®               Ministerial Biotechnology Advisory Council.
              International Inc, REVA Medical Ltd and the State Library of NSW.
                                                                                             Committees
              Mr Thomas holds a Bachelor of Economics from Monash                            Attends Board Committee meetings by invitation.
              University, a Diploma of Business (Accounting) from Swinburne
              and is a fellow of FINSIA. He is also a Master Stockbroker, a                  Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Mirrabooka
              Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a                  Investments Limited.
              Fellow of the Royal Society of New South Wales.
                                                                                             Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              Committee membership                                                           years: None.
              Member of Remuneration & Nomination Committee;
              Member of Audit & Risk Committee.                                              Specific skills and experience areas
                                                                                             With more than 30 years’ experience in executive roles up to and
              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Biotron                    including as CEO and executive director of ASX listed and unlisted
              Limited.                                                                       pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, Dr Fairley’s
                                                                                             experience covers all key areas described in the Board skills
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within last three                   matrix. In particular, Dr Fairley has significant leadership skills in
              years: Virgin Australia Limited and REVA Medical Inc.                          healthcare and scientific research; pharmaceutical development;
                                                                                             international experience; licensing and commercialisation of
              Specific skills and experience areas                                           innovation; business development; strategy and risk management;
              In addition to Mr Thomas’ significant finance and M&A/capital                  and M&A/capital markets.
              markets experience, Mr Thomas’ non-executive roles with various
              ASX listed companies have deepened his skills and experience in                Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              relation to accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk;                      3,905,434 ordinary shares
              governance; licensing and commercialisation of innovation;                     4,453,114 employee performance rights
              strategy and risk management; occupational health & safety
              (“OH&S”); and remuneration. He has also had significant
              experience with US based companies as they progress from
              research to commercialisation.

              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              825,000 ordinary shares


                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   13

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                          13
              Directors’ Report

              Richard A Hazleton BSChE, MSChE, MBA, HonDrEng,                        Zita Peach BSc, GAICD, FAMI
              HonDrCommSc                                                            Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 October 2011)
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 December 2006)
              – resides in the United States                                         Experience
                                                                                     Ms Peach has more than 25 years of executive commercial
              Experience                                                             experience in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical devices
              Mr Hazleton is a former Chairman and CEO of US-based global            and health services industries. She worked for major industry
              corporation Dow Corning. He joined Dow Corning in 1965 and held        players such as CSL Limited and Merck Sharp & Dohme, the
              numerous positions in engineering, manufacturing and finance,          Australian subsidiary of Merck Inc. Ms Peach’s most recent




For personal use only
              both in the US and Europe. He was appointed as CEO of the              executive position was as the Managing Director for Australia and
              company in 1993, and Chairman of the Board of Directors and            New Zealand and Executive Vice President, South Asia Pacific for
              CEO in 1994. During his career with Dow Corning, Mr Hazleton           Fresenius Kabi, a leading provider of pharmaceutical products and
              performed the roles of European Area Vice President and Director       medical devices to hospitals. Previously, Ms Peach was Vice
              of Finance, and after returning to the US, Corporate Controller and    President, Business Development, for CSL Limited, a position she
              Chief Accounting Officer. In this latter global role he was            held for ten years.
              responsible for the preparation of all public financial reports, and
              relationships with financial regulatory agencies and independent       Ms Peach has substantial international and local expertise in the
              auditors. Mr Hazleton retired from Dow Corning in 2001.                areas of pharmaceutical/medical device product development,
                                                                                     commercialisation of products and technologies, marketing and
              Mr Hazleton is based in the US and brings to the table an              sales, licensing, M&A and international expansions. She has
              international lens on product development, manufacturing, science      overseen manufacturing, logistics, regulatory affairs, quality
              and technology. He has significant experience in the areas of          assurance, clinical services, human resources, finance,
              strategy, accounting/corporate finance and audit and risk.             information technology, public policy, business development,
                                                                                     marketing and sales at Managing Director and CEO level.
              Mr Hazleton has served on the boards of the American Chemistry
              Council and the Chemical Bank and Trust Company (Midland, MI,          Ms Peach is Chairman of Pacific Smiles Group Limited, and a
              USA) as well as several non-profit social service agencies in          Non-Executive Director of the ASX-listed Monash IVF Group
              Michigan and Belgium.                                                  Limited, and Visioneering Technologies, Inc. Ms Peach is also a
                                                                                     member of the Hudson Institute of Medical Research Board.
              Committee membership
              Member of Audit & Risk Committee;                                      Ms Peach is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company
              Member of Remuneration & Nomination Committee.                         Directors and a Fellow of the Australian Marketing Institute.

              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.              Committee membership
                                                                                     Chair of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee.
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              years: None.                                                           Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Monash IVF
                                                                                     Group Limited, Visioneering Technologies, Inc. and Pacific Smiles
              Specific skills and experience areas                                   Group Limited.
              Having held various executive roles up to and including as
              Chairman and CEO of Dow Corning over a 36 year period as well          Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              as non-executive directorships, Mr Hazleton brings the following       years: AirXpanders, Inc.
              significant skills and experience to the Board – international
              experience; regulation/public policy, licensing and                    Specific skills and experience areas
              commercialisation of innovation, science and technology;               With over 25 years’ experience in various senior executive roles
              governance; strategy and risk management; accounting/corporate         within ASX listed and international pharmaceutical and
              finance, audit and risk; OH&S; and remuneration. Mr Hazleton has       biotechnology companies, as well as numerous non-executive
              been assessed as an independent non-executive director                 directorships in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical sector, Ms
              notwithstanding his 13-year tenure. The corporate memory he            Peach’s experience covers all key areas described in the Board
              provides is advantageous to the company and such tenure is             skills matrix. In particular, Ms Peach has substantial expertise as a
              commonplace in the pharmaceutical/biotech sector, due to the           leader in healthcare and scientific research;
              longer development timelines involved.                                 pharmaceutical/product development; licensing and
                                                                                     commercialisation of innovation; science and technology; sales,
              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                               marketing and business development; strategy and risk
              208,466 ordinary shares                                                management; remuneration; and M&A/capital markets.

                                                                                     Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                     48,975 ordinary shares




               14       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                             14
              Directors’ Report

              Peter R Turvey BA/LLB, MAICD                                             David McIntyre CPA, LL.B., MBA and B. Econs (Acc)
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 19 March 2012)             Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 March 2020) –
              and Deputy Chairman from 26 November 2019                                resides in the United States
              Experience                                                               Experience
              Mr Turvey has had more than 30 years of experience in the                Mr McIntyre has more than 20 years of executive experience
              biotech/pharmaceutical industry having been former Executive             including 18 years in the life science sector, having held various
              Vice President Licensing, Group General Counsel and Company              executive roles including Chief Financial Officer and Chief
              Secretary of global biopharmaceutical company CSL, retiring in           Operating Officer at HeartWare® International, Inc, and Chief




For personal use only
              2011.                                                                    Financial Officer & Head of Technical Operations at Braeburn, Inc.
                                                                                       Mr McIntyre is currently the Chief Financial Officer of AVITA
              Mr Turvey played a key role in the transformation of CSL from a          Therapeutics, Inc.
              government owned enterprise, through ASX listing in 1994, to a
              global plasma and biopharmaceutical company. He also had                 Mr McIntyre’s experience includes seven years as a Partner at
              responsibility for the protection and licensing of CSL's intellectual    Apple Tree Partners, a multi-billion-dollar life science venture
              property and for risk management within CSL, which included              capital and growth equity fund, giving him a deep knowledge of,
              management of the internal audit function, reporting to the Audit &      and extensive contacts, in the US pharma, medical device and
              Risk Management Committee of the Board as well as being the              biotech markets. During this time, Mr McIntyre served as a non-
              Chairman of the Corporate Risk Management Committee. In his              executive director of several US life science companies.
              senior executive role at CSL, Mr Turvey was actively involved in
              CSL’s extensive M&A and equity capital raising activities over a 15      Prior to entering life sciences, Mr McIntyre practiced as a senior
              year period, including during the time of the float of CSL as a          attorney at Baker & McKenzie and KPMG specialising in M&A,
              publicly listed company. This experience has been further                initial public offerings, and corporate law and also held various
              enhanced by Mr Turvey’s non-executive directorships of various           senior finance roles in both multi-national companies and small
              ASX listed biotechnology companies.                                      growth companies.
              In addition to his expertise in corporate finance, audit and risk        Mr McIntyre is based in the US and brings to the table an
              management, Mr Turvey has extensive experience in                        international lens on licensing and commercialisation, marketing
              commercialisation and pharmaceutical product development.                and business and development, and M&A/capital markets. He has
                                                                                       significant experience in the areas of accounting/corporate finance,
              Mr Turvey is currently Chairman of ImmVirX Pty Ltd, a Non-               audit and risk, strategy and risk management.
              Executive Director of Cell Therapies Pty Ltd (a subsidiary of the
              Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre), and a director of Victorian              Mr McIntyre holds a Bachelor of Economics (Accounting) from the
              Government owned entity Agriculture Victoria Services Pty Ltd and        University of Sydney, Australia, a Bachelor of Laws from the
              Phytogene Pty Ltd.                                                       University of Technology, Sydney and an MBA from Duke
                                                                                       University Fuqua School of Business (Fuqua Scholar) from
              Committee membership                                                     Durham, North Carolina, in the United States of America. Mr
              Chair of Audit & Risk Committee.                                         McIntyre is a CPA and is also admitted as a legal practitioner of
                                                                                       the Supreme Court of New South Wales and of the High Court of
              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.                Australia.
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three         Committee membership
              years: Viralytics Limited.                                               Member of Audit & Risk Committee.
              Specific skills and experience areas                                     Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Redflex
              With over 30 years of executive experience in the biotechnology          Holdings Ltd.
              industry of which 20 years were at CSL, followed by non-executive
              directorships at a number of ASX listed pharmaceutical and               Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              biotechnology companies, Mr Turvey has significant leadership            years: None.
              skills and experience in healthcare and/or scientific research;
              pharmaceutical/product development; international experience and         Specific skills and experience areas
              skills in regulation/public policy; licensing and commercialisation of   With more than 20 years of executive experience including 18
              innovation; business development; governance; strategy; risk             years in the life science sector, Mr McIntyre’s experience covers all
              management; audit and risk; and M&A/capital markets.                     key areas described in the Board skills matrix. In particular, Mr
              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                                 McIntyre has substantial expertise in accounting/corporate finance,
              179,821 ordinary shares                                                  audit and risk; M&A/capital markets; governance; licensing and
                                                                                       commercialisation of innovation; strategy and risk management,
                                                                                       having held executive roles including Chief Financial Officer and
                                                                                       Chief Operating Officer. He has also had significant experience
                                                                                       with US based companies in the medical device, biotechnology
                                                                                       and pharmaceutical sector.
              Company Secretary
                                                                                       Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              The Company Secretary is Mr Nigel Baade, holding the position
                                                                                       16,240 ordinary shares
              since 2013. Mr Baade also holds the position of Chief Financial
              Officer, which he has held since January 2009. Mr Baade is a
              Certified Practising Accountant (“CPA”) with extensive experience
              in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Prior to joining
              Starpharma as Financial Controller in 2006, he has held positions
              at Hagemeyer, Cerylid Biosciences, Faulding (now Pfizer) and
              UMT (Fonterra). He holds qualifications from University of
              Tasmania and Monash University.

              Mr Baade is a director of BioMelbourne Network Inc, serving as its
              Treasurer and Chairman of the Finance, Audit and Risk Committee.
              Mr Baade is a member of the Australian Institute of Company
              Directors.




                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   15

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                   15
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Principal activities                                                      •    DEP® cabazitaxel phase 1 met its objective of identifying a
                                                                                             Recommended Phase 2 Dose (RP2D) and transitioned to
              The principal activities of the group consist of research,                     phase 2;
              development and commercialisation of dendrimer products for               •    DEP® irinotecan phase 1 / 2 trial commenced and met its
              pharmaceutical, life-science and other applications. Activities                phase 1 objective of identifying a RP2D and transitioned to
              within the group are directed towards the development of precisely             phase 2;
              defined nanoparticles called dendrimers, including on the
              development of VivaGel® for the management and prevention of              •    DEP® irinotecan in combination with an immuno-oncology
              bacterial vaginosis, and as a condom coating. Starpharma is also               agent (anti PD-1 antibody) showed superior anti-tumour
                                                                                             activity and significant survival benefit compared to the anti




For personal use only
              applying its proprietary dendrimers to drug delivery to create
              improved pharmaceuticals and has developed the valuable DEP®                   PD-1 antibody alone in two human colorectal cancer models;
              delivery platform.                                                        •    Impressive data were reported for DEP® irinotecan, alone and
                                                                                             in combination with Lynparza®, in a refractory human colon
              Result                                                                         cancer model;
                                                                                        •    DEP® gemcitabine demonstrated significantly enhanced anti-
              The financial report for the financial year ended 30 June 2020, and
                                                                                             tumour activity compared with Gemzar® (gemcitabine) in a
              the results herein, have been prepared in accordance with
                                                                                             human pancreatic cancer model;
              Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                                        •    A novel HER-2 Targeted DEP® (ADC) conjugate
              The consolidated loss after income tax attributable to ordinary                demonstrated significant tumour regression and 100%
              shareholders for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 was                     survival in a preclinical human ovarian cancer model;
              $14,678,000 (2019: $14,254,000). The net operating cash outflows          •    Starpharma’s first DEP® radiotherapy product, DEP® lutetium,
              for the year were $10,776,000 (2019: $10,344,000). The cash                    showed statistically significant and durable anti-cancer
              balance at 30 June 2020 was $30,054,000 (June 2019:                            activity in a human prostate cancer model;
              $41,251,000).
                                                                                        •    Signed a new DEP® program with an existing partner in a
              Dividends and distributions                                                    novel area of cancer therapeutics, and progressed DEP®
                                                                                             program discussions with two further major pharmaceutical
              No dividends were paid or declared during the period and no                    companies; and
              dividends are recommended in respect to the financial year ended          •    TGA licence granted to Starpharma to manufacture DEP®
              30 June 2020 (2019: Nil).                                                      active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) in-house for clinical
                                                                                             trial purposes.
              Review of operations
                                                                                        SPL7013 Portfolio
              Key activities until the date of this report include:                     Following the emergence of the coronavirus pandemic, SPL7013
                                                                                        was tested and found to have significant activity against
              VivaGel® and SPL7013 Portfolio                                            SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19. Starpharma
              •         SPL7013 was tested and found to have significant activity       moved quickly and is now developing a nasal spray with SPL7013
                        against SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19.       aimed at preventing infection and/or reducing severity of disease.
                        Significant progress was made with product development for      The company has already held discussions with regulators, who
                        a nasal spray;                                                  have confirmed that minimal re-development is required for a
                                                                                        SPL7013 COVID-19 nasal spray. The expedited program is now
              •         VivaGel® BV was launched in the United Kingdom (“UK”) by
                                                                                        well underway with Starpharma aiming to have the product ready
                        Mundipharma under the brand Betafem® BV Gel, and in
                                                                                        for market within 12 months.
                        Central and Eastern European countries under the brand
                        Betadine BV™;                                                   VivaGel® Portfolio
              •         First Asian regulatory approvals were granted for VivaGel®      During the year, VivaGel® BV achieved multiple further
                        BV and the product was subsequently launched in South East      registrations and market launches. VivaGel® BV was launched by
                        Asia by Mundipharma under the brand Betadine™ BV;               Mundipharma under the brand names, Betafem® BV Gel in the UK,
              •         Australian roll-out of VivaGel® BV under the brand Fleurstat    and Betadine BVTM in several countries in Central and Eastern
                        BVgel by Aspen, and product launched in New Zealand;            Europe. VivaGel® BV was approved in multiple Asian countries
                                                                                        and was subsequently launched in the region, initially in South
              •         Strategy undertaken to progress US Food and Drug                East Asia, and work continues on further registrations and
                        Administration (“FDA”) approval of VivaGel® BV including        launches. Aspen continued to roll-out Fleurstat BVgel in Australia
                        commencing an administrative review process;                    and also launched the product in New Zealand. Starpharma
              •         Okamoto expanded its licence for the VivaGel® condom in 11      earned revenue from the supply of product to its partners and
                        further Asian countries (in addition to Japan); and             received payments triggered by multiple registration milestones.
              •         VivaGel® condom was granted EU approval and Lifestyles
                        commenced marketing preparations for launch in Europe.          Starpharma continued to progress its strategy regarding FDA
                                                                                        approval of VivaGel® BV with ongoing support from a team of
                                                                                        expert FDA consultants (regulatory, statistical, clinical, legal;
              DEP® Drug Delivery Platform                                               several ex-FDA). The company progressed the formal review of
              •         AstraZeneca commenced phase 1 for its first DEP® product,       some of the FDA’s initial conclusions via an ongoing administrative
                        AZD0466. The successful dosing of the first patient in          review process. Due to the significant disruption to the US
                        December 2019 triggered a US$3 million milestone payment        healthcare system caused by COVID-19, activities relating to a
                        to Starpharma;                                                  potential BV treatment trial in the US were put on hold.
              •         Signed a new DEP® partnership with leading Chinese
                        Pharmaceutical company Tianjin Chase Sun Pharmaceutical         Okamoto expanded its licence for the VivaGel® condom to a
                        Co., Ltd, in a new therapeutic area (anti-infectives), with     further 11 countries in Asia, in addition to its initial agreement for
                                                                                        Japan. Starpharma is eligible to receive royalties on sales of the
                        potential for additional programs in other therapeutic areas;
                                                                                        VivaGel® condom under this licence and will also receive revenue
              •         Starpharma’s three internal clinical DEP® trials progressed     on supply of SPL7013 active. The VivaGel® condom also achieved
                        well with encouraging efficacy signals observed in each trial   EU approval and LifeStyles commenced marketing preparations
                        and multiple new sites opened, including leading cancer         for its European launch under the brand name Absolute™ DUAL
                        centres, The Marsden in the UK and the Kinghorn Cancer          PROTECTION.
                        Centre in Sydney;
              •         DEP® docetaxel + gemcitabine clinical combination study
                        commenced following ethics committee and regulatory
                        approvals;
               16       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                               16
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              DEP® Drug Delivery Platform                                             clinical trials, there was disruption to new patient recruitment
              During the year, Starpharma continued to actively progress              associated with the impact of COVID-19 on UK hospitals.
              development of its internal DEP® portfolio, including advancing a       Recruitment has now resumed at the majority of sites for the DEP®
              third internal DEP® product into the clinic – increasing its clinical   clinical trials and as previously advised, a number of new sites
              program to three phase 2 assets. Positive patient findings were         have been opened.
              observed in the ongoing phase 2 DEP® docetaxel trial, and the
              company gained ethics committee and regulatory approvals for a          As experienced by companies around the world, Starpharma’s
              combination study with gemcitabine. Both DEP® cabazitaxel and           partners for VivaGel® BV have had some disruption to their sales
              DEP® irinotecan were advanced to phase 2 following successful           and marketing activities, and the COVID-19 lockdowns have




For personal use only
              positive phase 1 results during the year. Encouraging efficacy          delayed some launches and may impact consumer demand.
              signals were observed in each of the DEP® trials and will feed into
              commercial discussions, and new sites were opened in the UK and         As set out above, the company identified a product opportunity in
              Australia.                                                              response to the pandemic, and is currently developing a COVID-
                                                                                      19 nasal spray.
              Further studies were undertaken for DEP® irinotecan to explore its
              performance in combination separately with Lynparza and also            Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year
              with an immuno-oncology agent (anti PD-1 antibody) in human
                                                                                      No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2020 that
              colorectal cancer models. In several preclinical colorectal studies,
                                                                                      have significantly affected, or may significantly affect:
              including refractory ones, DEP® irinotecan delivered impressive
                                                                                      (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years, or
              improvements in performance and these studies have resulted in
                                                                                      (b) the results of those operations in future financial years, or
              significant interest from investigators and potential partners.         (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.
              Starpharma continued to build its DEP® pipeline, advancing three
                                                                                      Strategy, future developments and prospects
              new DEP® candidates: DEP® gemcitabine, DEP® lutetium and a
              novel HER-2 Targeted DEP® (ADC) conjugate, and presented                Starpharma aims to create value for its shareholders through the
              positive results with each candidate in multiple preclinical studies.   commercial development and exploitation of proprietary products
                                                                                      based on its dendrimer technology in pharmaceutical and
              With regard to partnered DEP® programs, the FDA approved an             healthcare applications. The company’s key focus is to advance
              investigational new drug (IND) application for AstraZeneca’s first      and broaden its product pipeline, including internal and partnered
              DEP® product, AZD0466, and the phase 1 clinical trial commenced         DEP® programs and to advance commercial opportunities for
              shortly after and is now recruiting at in multiple sites in the US      VivaGel®. Starpharma intends to achieve this by continuing to
              including the internationally renowned MD Anderson Cancer               utilise a combination of internally funded and partnered programs
              Center. The first dose of AZD0466 administered to a patient             across its dendrimer portfolio. The company commercialises its
              triggered a milestone payment to Starpharma of US$3 million.            development pipeline with corporate partners via licencing
                                                                                      agreements at various stages in a product’s development lifecycle;
              Starpharma signed a new research partnership with leading               depending on the product, patent opportunity, a partner’s
              Chinese pharmaceutical company Tianjin Chase Sun                        commercial strategy and relative strength of product and market
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. in a new therapeutic area (anti-               expertise, comparison of current and future potential returns, and
              infectives). The company also progressed its other partnered            the risks involved in advancing the product to the next value
              programs during the year, including its Targeted DEP®                   inflection point or milestone.
              partnerships with world leading antibody-drug conjugate
              companies. Starpharma signed up a new DEP® program with an              Starpharma’s strategy remains consistent with previous years.
              existing partner in a novel area of cancer therapeutics and             Starpharma has extensive expertise, a strong intellectual property
              commenced work on the program. The company also progressed              portfolio, deep product portfolio, a culture and ability to innovate
              discussions with two further major pharmaceutical companies for         and develop its technology platform to commercial opportunities,
              several partnered DEP® drug delivery programs in both oncology          proven risk management practices, and a strong cash position.
              and non-oncology areas.                                                 The company will continue using its cash resources and VivaGel®
                                                                                      revenues to invest in selected research and development activities
                                                                                      to achieve its objectives.
              Starpharma’s DEP® platform was showcased in five posters
              presented at the 2020 American Association for Cancer Research
              (“AACR”) Annual Meeting. Three posters featured AstraZeneca’s
                                                                                      Proceedings on behalf of the company
              first DEP® oncology product, AZD0466, and two posters                   No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf
              showcased Starpharma’s clinical-stage products - DEP®                   of the Company with leave of the Court under section 237 of the
              docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan.                        Corporations Act 2001.

              The company underwent a detailed review and inspection process
              and as a result was successful in being granted a TGA licence to
              manufacture API in-house. This licence enables Starpharma to
              manufacture API for a range of DEP® products for human clinical
              trials, including late-stage phase 3 trials. This licence also allows
              Starpharma to accelerate the development of DEP® products both
              for internal and partnered programs through rapid manufacture
              and development of DEP® materials and also opens up new
              revenue potential in partnered programs.

              COVID-19 pandemic
              In recent months, Starpharma has employed a broad range of
              measures to protect the health and safety of staff and clinical trial
              patients. Starpharma’s COVID-19 management response team
              continues to actively monitor the situation, and measures have
              been implemented and revised as appropriate. Regular reports are
              provided to the Board.

              Disruptions to the company’s laboratory and office operations and
              its supply chain continue to be minimal, although, in Starpharma’s

                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   17

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                   17
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Review of Financials                                                          On the adoption of AASB 16 Leases from 1 July 2019, the group
                                                                                            recognised lease liabilities and right-of-use assets in relation to
                                                           30 June 2020      30 June 2019   leases which had previously been classified as ‘operating leases’
               Income statement                                   $’000             $’000   under AASB117 Leases. See Note 1(x) for further details.

               Revenue                                              6,556           2,708   Statement of cash flows
                                                                                            The net operating cash outflows for the year were $10,776,000
               Cost of goods sold                                    (890)          (251)   (2019: $10,344,000). During the financial year, $4,898,000 (2019:
               Other income                                           559             12    $4,019,000) was received from R&D tax incentives associated with




For personal use only
                                                                                            eligible expenditure and activities from the prior financial year, and
               Research and product                                                         a US$3M milestone was received from AstraZeneca on the first
               development expense                               (14,808)        (10,454)   human dose of AZD0466 being administered in the phase 1 trial of
                                                                                            this highly novel DEP®-based cancer medicine.
               Commercial and regulatory
               operating expense                                   (3,426)        (3,774)
                                                                                            Earnings Per Share
               Corporate, administration and
               finance expense                                     (2,669)        (2,495)                                                 2020          2019
               Loss for the period                               (14,678)        (14,254)   Basic & diluted earnings/(loss) per
                                                                                                                                         ($0.04)       ($0.04)
                                                                                            share

              Income statement
                                                                                            Material Business Risks
              The reported loss for the period was $14,678,000 (2019:
              $14,254,000).                                                                 The group operates in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
                                                                                            sectors and is in the development and early commercialisation
              Revenue for the year was $6,556,000 (2019: $2,708,000),                       phase. Any investment in these sectors is considered high-risk.
              comprising $6,033,000 (2019: $1,651,000) for product sales,                   The group is subject to normal business risks, including but not
              royalty, licensing and research revenue from commercial partners,             limited to interest rate movements, labour conditions, government
              and interest income of $523,000 (2019: $1,057,000). Revenue                   policies, securities market conditions, exchange rate fluctuations
              from commercial partners includes $4,339,000 from AstraZeneca                 and a range of other factors which are outside the control of the
              for a development milestone achieved on the first dose of                     Board and management, such as pandemics. More specific
              AZD0466 administered in the phase 1 trial of its first DEP®                   material risks of the sector and the group include, but are not
              product, and the remaining $1,694,000 is predominantly related to             limited to:
              VivaGel® BV and VivaGel® condom product sales and royalties in                •    Scientific, technical and clinical – product development
              the year.                                                                          requires a high level of scientific rigour, the outcomes of
                                                                                                 which cannot be known beforehand. Activities are
              Other income was $559,000 (2019: $12,000) and primarily relates                    experimental in nature, so the risk of failure or delay is
              to the Australian Government’s COVID-19 stimulus measures                          material. Key development activities, including clinical trials,
              including JobKeeper ($399,000) and Cash Flow Boost ($100,000)                      are undertaken by specialist contract research organisations;
              programs. Starpharma is eligible for the JobKeeper program from                    and there are risks in managing the quality and timelines of
              30 March 2020 through to 27 September 2020. Starpharma has                         these activities.
              maintained its staff through COVID-19, with these receipts
              mitigating some of the increased expense associated with the                  •    Regulatory – products and their testing may not be approved,
              management of clinical trials and other COVID-19 related costs.                    or may be delayed or withdrawn, by regulatory bodies (eg. US
                                                                                                 Food and Drug Administration) whose approvals are
              Research and product development expense includes the costs of                     necessary before products can be sold in market.
              all internal DEP® drug delivery programs, and certain VivaGel® BV             •    Financial – the group currently, and since inception, does not
              related expenditure. The increase in expenditure from the prior                    receive sufficient recurrent income to cover operating
              year reflects the expanded DEP® clinical programs, with ongoing                    expenses. Although current cash reserves are sound, there is
              expenditure on clinical trials for DEP® docetaxel, and DEP®                        no certainty that additional capital funding may not be
              cabazitaxel, the commencement of the DEP® irinotecan clinical                      required in the future, and no assurance can be given that
              trial, and preparations for a potential VivaGel® BV treatment                      such funding will be available, if required.
              clinical trial. A contra research and development expense of
              $5,669,000 (2019: $5,071,000) has been recorded for activities                •    Intellectual property (IP) – commercial success requires the
              eligible under the Australian Government’s Research and                            ability to develop, obtain and maintain commercially valuable
              Development Tax Incentive program. The increase reflects the                       patents, trade secrets and confidential information. Gaining
              additional expenditure on the DEP® internal programs.                              and maintaining IP across multiple countries and preventing
                                                                                                 the infringement of the group’s exclusive rights involves
              Commercial and regulatory operating expense includes the                           management of complex legal, scientific and factual issues.
              expenditure related to the commercialisation of both VivaGel® and                  The company must also operate without infringing upon the
              DEP® portfolios, including business development, regulatory,                       IP of others.
              supply chain and quality assurance activities. The decrease in the            •    Commercialisation – the company relies, and intends to rely,
              year reflects additional internal and external costs related to                    upon corporate partners to market, and in some cases finalise
              commercial licences and the launch of VivaGel® BV in the prior                     development and registration of its products, on its behalf.
              year.                                                                              There are risks in establishing and maintaining these
                                                                                                 relationships, and with the manner in which partners execute
              Corporate, administration and finance expense includes corporate                   on these licensing and collaborative agreements.
              costs, as well as gains/losses on foreign currency held. The
              increase over the prior corresponding period predominately                    •    Product supply – the company is required to manufacture and
              reflects a lower foreign currency gain in the current year.                        supply product under certain licencing agreements. The
                                                                                                 manufacture of product is undertaken by specialist, regulatory
              Balance sheet                                                                      approved, third party contract manufacturing organisations
                                                                                                 experienced in the sector. However, there are quality and
              At 30 June 2020 the group’s cash position was $30,054,000 (June                    supply delays/failure risks associated with the supply of
              2019: $41,251,000). Trade and other receivables of $6,128,000                      product.
              (June 2019: $6,159,000) includes $5,670,000 (June 2019:
              $4,898,000) receivable from the Australian Government under the               •    Product acceptance and competitiveness – a developed
              R&D tax incentive program.                                                         product may not be considered by key opinion leaders (eg.
                                                                                                 doctors), reimbursement authorities (eg. Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                 Benefits Scheme listing) or the end customer to be an
               18       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                     18
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

                        effective alternative to products already on market, or other       Meetings of Directors
                        products may be preferred.
              •         Product liability – a claim or product recall may significantly     The number of meetings of the company’s Board of Directors and
                        impact the company. Insurance, at an acceptable cost, may           of each committee held during the year ended 30 June 2020, and
                        not be available or be adequate to cover liability claims or any    the numbers of meetings attended by each director were:
                        product recall costs (if any) if a product is found to be unsafe.                                                   Remuneration
                                                                                                                             Audit & Risk    & Nomination
              •         Key personnel – the company’s success and achievements               Directors            Board        Committee       Committee
                        against timelines depend on key members of its highly




For personal use only
                        qualified, specialised and experienced management and               J K Fairley            9 of 9                N/A                  N/A
                        scientific teams. The ability to retain and attract such
                        personnel is important.                                             R A Hazleton           9 of 9              2 of 2               6 of 6
              •         Grant and R&D incentives – the company may undertake                Z Peach                9 of 9                N/A                6 of 6
                        R&D activities part-funded by incentive programs (eg. R&D
                        tax credits) and under other competitive grants. There is no        R B Thomas             9 of 9              2 of 2               6 of 6
                        certainty that grants or incentive programs will continue to be
                        available to the company, and changes in government policy          P R Turvey             8 of 9              2 of 2                 N/A
                        may reduce their applicability.
                                                                                            D J McIntyre           2 of 2              0 of 0                 N/A
              In accordance with good business practice in the pharmaceutical               The table above illustrates the number of meetings attended
              industry, the group’s management actively and routinely employs a             compared with the number of meetings held during the period that
              variety of risk management strategies. These are broadly                      the director held office or was a member of the committee. “N/A”
              described in the Corporate Governance Statement (section 7.2                  denotes that the director is not a member of the relevant
              Risk assessment and management).                                              committee.

              Health and Safety
              The Board, CEO and senior management team of the group are
              committed to providing and maintaining a safe and healthy working
              environment for the company’s employees and anyone entering its
              premises or with connections to the company’s business
              operations. Employees are encouraged to actively participate in
              the management of occupational health and safety (“OH&S”)
              issues. The company has adopted an OH&S Policy and has an
              established OH&S Committee as part of its overall approach to
              workplace safety. The OH&S Committee provides a forum for
              management and employees to consult on health and safety
              matters. The primary role of the OH&S Committee is to coordinate
              the development and implementation of OH&S policy and
              procedures, to consider any work-related safety matters or
              incidents, and to ensure compliance with relevant legislation and
              guidelines. The committee includes representatives of
              management, and employees from each operational area
              generally in proportion to the number of people working in the area
              and the perceived safety risks associated with working in that area.

              The OH&S Committee meets on a regular basis over the year.
              Updates on OH&S matters are provided at Board meetings.

              Additional OH&S practices were implemented and monitored since
              the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, under the guidance of
              a specific COVID-19 management response team.

              Environment and Regulation
              The group is subject to environmental regulations and other
              licenses in respect of its research and development facilities.
              There are adequate systems in place to ensure compliance with
              relevant Federal, State and Local environmental regulations and
              the Board is not aware of any breach of applicable environmental
              regulations by the group. There were no significant changes in
              laws or regulations during the 2020 financial year or since the end
              of the year affecting the business activities of the group, and the
              Board is not aware of any such changes in the near future.




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020     19

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                       19
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              The remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2020 sets out remuneration information for non-executive directors, executive directors and
              other key management personnel of the group.

              The remuneration report is presented under the following sections:

                        1.   Introduction, including impact of COVID-19 on remuneration
                        2.   Remuneration governance
                        3.   Non-executive director remuneration policy
                        4.   Executive remuneration policy




For personal use only
                                  a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
                                  b) Remuneration principles and strategy
                                  c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
                                  d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY20
                        5.   Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
                        6.   Details of remuneration
                        7.   Executive employment agreements
                        8.   Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes

              1. Introduction

              Remuneration strategy
              Starpharma aims to ensure that its remuneration strategy successfully aligns the interests of its executives and employees with those of its
              shareholders. In framing its remuneration strategy, the Board is conscious that Starpharma only has a small number of employees (<50) so
              endeavours to keep its remuneration relatively straightforward. Our staff are required to have specialist knowledge and experience allowing
              them to develop products over the medium to long-term. The fact that Starpharma operates in a global pharmaceutical industry environment
              also influences its remuneration strategy.

              The structure of remuneration comprises fixed remuneration, short-term incentives (“STI”) in both cash and equity, and equity based long-term
              incentives (“LTI”). Starpharma’s remuneration structure is transparent and based on Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) which are designed to
              align with the interests of shareholders and to reward performance across multi-year timeframes related to product development value-adding
              milestones. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events and circumstances not envisaged.

              Impact of COVID-19 on remuneration
              Given the ongoing global uncertainty and evolving situation related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board has determined that there will be no
              increase in fixed remuneration for KMP executives from 1 July 2020 despite significant additional activities related to COVID-19, the COVID-19
              nasal spray and additional safety measures, with a review to be undertaken in December. In assessing KMP STI performance for FY20, the
              Board has utilised existing KPIs and in some cases, a small adjustment has been made (where applicable) to recognise the significant effort
              involved in developing the SPL7013 COVID-19 nasal spray which was not previously contemplated. Additionally, the Board will exercise its
              discretion to issue performance rights with a vesting date of 30 June 2021 (subject to continued employment) in lieu of cash bonuses for FY20.
              While this initiative will result in higher share-based payments in FY21 due to the delayed vesting, the Board believes it will conserve cash, act
              as a retention incentive and further align executive and shareholder outcomes. The conversion of cash bonuses to equity will also have a one-
              off impact on the KMP executive target remuneration mix for FY21.

              There is no increase in non-executive director base fees or committee fees for FY21, other than a $5,000 increase to the Deputy Chairman with
              a commensurate decrease in the Chairman’s fee.

              The impacts of COVID-19 on the business are detailed further in the operating and financial report. COVID-19 government incentives, including
              JobKeeper, totalled $499,000. Starpharma has maintained its staff through COVID-19, with these receipts mitigating some of the increased
              expense associated with the management of clinical trials and other COVID-19 related costs.

              Key management personnel
              The remuneration report details the remuneration arrangements for key management personnel (“KMP”) who are defined as those persons
              having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the group, directly or indirectly including any
              director (whether executive or otherwise) of the parent.

              The table below outlines the KMP of the group during the financial year ended 30 June 2020. The individuals were KMP for the entire financial
              year, except for D J McIntyre who was appointed non-executive director on 1 March 2020. There were no changes in KMP from the reporting date
              up to the date of this report. For the purposes of this report, the term “KMP executives” includes the executive director and other KMP executives
              of the group. “Other KMP executives” refers to KMP executives excluding the CEO. Profiles for each of the directors and company secretary can
              be found at the beginning of the Directors’ Report.

              (i) Non-executive directors                                                      (ii) Executive director
              R B Thomas               Non-executive Chairman                                                       Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director
                                                                                               J K Fairley
                                                                                                                    (CEO)
              P R Turvey               Non-executive Director (Deputy Chairman)
              R A Hazleton             Non-executive Director                                  (iii) Other KMP executives
              Z Peach                  Non-executive Director                                  N J Baade             Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary
                                       Non-executive Director, appointed 1 March               A Eglezos             VP, Business Development
              D J McIntyre
                                       2020
                                                                                               D J Owen              VP, Research
                                                                                               J R Paull             VP, Development & Regulatory Affairs




              20
              Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                                                                                    20
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              2. Remuneration governance
              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, consisting of three independent non-executive directors, advises the Board on remuneration
              policies and practices generally, and makes specific recommendations on remuneration packages and other terms of employment for
              non-executive directors, KMP executives and other senior executives. Where required, external remuneration advice may be sought by the
              Remuneration and Nomination Committee or the Board.

              Specifically, the Board approves the remuneration arrangements of the CEO including awards made under the STI and LTI plans, following
              recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board approves, having regard to recommendations made by the




For personal use only
              CEO to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the level of remuneration, including STI and LTI awards, for executives. The Board also
              sets the aggregate fee pool for non-executive directors (which is subject to shareholder approval) and non-executive director fee levels.

              The company’s remuneration structure aims to:
              •         Attract and retain exceptional people to lead and manage the group and to support internal development of executive talent within the
                        group, recognising that Starpharma is operating in a competitive global pharmaceutical industry environment;
              •         Drive sustainable growth and returns to shareholders, as executives are set both short-term and long-term performance targets which are
                        linked to the core activities necessary to build competitive advantages and shareholder value;
              •         Motivate and reward superior performance by the executive team whilst aligning performance elements/KPIs to the interests of
                        shareholders; and
              •         Create a respectful culture based on superior performance and innovation through appropriately structured individual assessments.

              Benchmarking
              Extensive salary and remuneration benchmarking is undertaken by Starpharma each year for executive and non-executive positions.
              Starpharma benchmarks fixed and total remuneration against employment positions of comparable specialisation, size and responsibility within
              the industry. Fixed remuneration is supplemented by providing incentives (variable remuneration) to reward superior performance.

              Performance reviews
              At the beginning of a performance period all staff have KPIs set, specific to their role. At the conclusion of the performance period a
              performance review against these KPIs is conducted and this feeds into the annual salary review process. The performance reviews consider
              behavioural and cultural aspects of performance, as well as objective planning and professional and personal development. The objective of the
              salary review is to ensure that all employees are appropriately remunerated based on performance, that remuneration is competitive within the
              relevant industry sector, and that increases in employees’ skills and responsibilities are recognised. During the year a performance review of all
              staff took place in accordance with this process. As part of the process, each employee’s performance is assessed against their pre-agreed
              individual KPIs and/or business unit performance and corporate KPIs and this assessment determines, subject to business considerations such
              as cash availability, if an incentive award is payable, and if so, at what level.

              Use of remuneration consultants
              If remuneration consultants are to be engaged to provide remuneration recommendations as defined in section 9B of the Corporations Act 2001,
              they are to be engaged by, and report directly to, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. No remuneration consultants have been
              engaged to provide such remuneration services during the financial year.

              Voting at the company’s 2019 Annual General Meeting (AGM)
              Of the votes cast on the company’s remuneration report for the 2019 financial year, over 93% were in favour of the resolution.

              As part of the group’s commitment to continuous improvement, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board consider
              comments made by shareholders and proxy advisers in respect of remuneration related issues. Members of the Remuneration and Nomination
              Committee routinely engage with proxy advisors to discuss a range of governance and remuneration matters.




                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   21

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                           21
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              Starpharma remuneration process summary




                                                                                           BOARD
                               Has overall responsibility for oversight of Starpharma’s remuneration policy and its principles and processes, and ensures
                               appropriate benchmarking and the group’s ability to pay are considered in remuneration related decision making.




For personal use only
                               Following recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Board considers and approves:
                                    •    Starpharma’s executive remuneration policy;
                                    •    The remuneration packages of the CEO and other senior executives;
                                    •    The ‘at-risk’ components of executive remuneration packages, including the structure and operation of equity based
                                         plans; and
                                    •    The remuneration of non-executive directors.




                                         Oversee
                                            &
                                         Approve                           Inform &
                                                                            Recom-
                                                                             mend                                                 REMUNERATION
                                                                                                                               CONSULTANTS & OTHER
                                                                                                                                EXTERNAL ADVISORS
                                 REMUNERATION & NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                         Where required, support the
                                                                                                   Support & Advise          Remuneration and Nomination
                               Reviews and recommends the following to the Board:                                            Committee by providing
                                   •    Starpharma’s executive remuneration                                                  independent advice on matters
                                        policies;                                                                            including:
                                   •    Specific remuneration recommendations                                                 •    Benchmarking data;
                                        for the CEO and other senior executives;                                              •    Legal and regulatory
                                   •    Design of incentive plans; and                                                             advice on remuneration
                                   •    Remuneration for non-executive directors.             Engage & Oversee                     related issues for directors
                                                                                                                                   and executives; and
                                                                                                                              •    Advice on incentive plans.

                                      Oversee
                                         &
                                      Approve                              Inform &
                                                                            Recom-
                                                                             mend


                                                           CEO

                               Reviews and recommends remuneration
                               arrangements and outcomes of performance
                               assessments to the Remuneration and Nomination
                               Committee for senior executives.



              Further information on the Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s role, responsibilities and membership is outlined in the charter available
              at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

              Trading in company securities
              The trading of shares issued to participants under any of the company’s employee equity plans is governed by the company’s securities dealing
              policy. All employees and directors are prohibited from entering into any hedging arrangements over unvested securities and from margin
              lending on Starpharma securities. Further information regarding the company’s dealing in securities policy is set out in the Corporate
              Governance Statement and the policy is available at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

              Clawback of remuneration
              In the reasonable opinion of the Board, if a KMP executive has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may determine that any equity right
              (including an exercisable, vested right) should lapse.




               22       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                      22
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              3. Non-executive director remuneration policy
              Determination of fees and the maximum aggregate fee pool
              The Board seeks to set non-executive directors’ fees at a level which provides the group with the ability to attract and retain non-executive
              directors of the highest calibre with relevant professional expertise. The fees also reflect the demands which are made on, and the
              responsibilities of, the non-executive directors, whilst incurring a cost which is acceptable to shareholders.

              Non-executive directors’ fees and the aggregate fee pool are reviewed annually by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee against fees
              paid to non-executive directors in a group of comparable peer companies within the biotechnology sector and relevant companies in the broader




For personal use only
              ASX-listed market. The Chairman’s fees are determined by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee independently of the fees of non-
              executive directors based on the same role, again using benchmarking data from comparable companies in the biotechnology sector. The
              Board is ultimately responsible for approving any changes to non-executive director fees, upon consideration of recommendations put forward
              by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

              The company’s constitution and the ASX listing rules specify that the non-executive directors’ maximum aggregate fee pool shall be determined
              from time to time by a general meeting of shareholders. The latest determination was at the AGM held on 20 November 2014 when
              shareholders approved an aggregate fee pool of $550,000. The Board will not seek any increase in the non-executive directors’ maximum fee
              pool at the 2020 AGM.

              Fee policy
              Non-executive directors’ fees consist of base fees and committee fees. The payment of committee fees recognises the additional time,
              responsibility and commitment required by non-executive directors who serve on board committees. The Chairman of the Board is a member of
              all committees but does not receive any committee fees in addition to his base fee. From 1 July 2020, the Deputy Chair base fee will be $73,000
              to further recognise the additional responsibility, time and commitment of the position, and in FY21, to ensure the applicable board fees do not
              increase in the year, the Chair reduced his base fee by $5,000.

              Non-executive directors did not receive bonuses or forms of equity securities, or any performance-related remuneration during the financial
              year. Statutory superannuation contributions are required under the Australian superannuation guarantee legislation to be paid on any fees paid
              to Australian directors. There are no retirement allowances paid to non-executive directors. The non-executive directors’ fees reported below
              include any statutory superannuation contributions.

              Fees paid in FY20
              The aggregate amount paid to non-executive directors for the year ended 30 June 2020 was $392,167 (2019: $355,500) reflecting the
              appointment of an additional non-executive director from 1 March 2020 as part of Board renewal and transition. The details of remuneration for
              each non-executive director for the years ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2019 are outlined in the tables in section 6.

              Proposed fee adjustments for FY21
              There is no increase in base non-executive director fees or committee fees for FY21. Following the appointment of Peter Turvey as Deputy
              Chairman, from 1 July 2020, there will be a rebalance between the Chairman and Deputy Chair fees, whereby the Chairman’s fee will be
              reduced by $5,000, with a commensurate increase to non-executive director fees for the Deputy Chairman. The proposed fees, compared to the
              FY20 levels, are outlined in the table below.

                                                                                                                            Proposed Fees           Actual Fees to
               Annual Non-Executive Directors’ Fees                                                                       from 1 July 2020           30 June 2020
               Board fees                                                                                                                    $                       $

               Chair (no additional fees for serving on Board committees)                                                            129,000                134,000
               Deputy Chair                                                                                                            73,000                        –
               Base fee for other non-executive directors                                                                              68,000                68,000

               Committee fees
               Audit and Risk Committee                                                         Chair                                  10,500                10,500
                                                                                                Member                                  4,500                  4,500
               Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                            Chair                                  10,500                10,500
                                                                                                Member                                  4,500                  4,500




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   23

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                         23
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              4. Executive remuneration policy
              a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
              The group aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration appropriate to their position, experience and responsibilities, whilst
              being market competitive and enabling the company to retain staff whilst structuring awards which conserve cash reserves.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, together with the Board, actively reviews the group’s remuneration structure, and benchmarks
              the overall package and proportion of fixed remuneration, short-term incentives and long-term incentives against relevant comparators to ensure
              the policy objectives are met and are in-line with good corporate practice for Starpharma’s size, industry and stage of development.




For personal use only
              Remuneration levels are considered annually through the remuneration review, which considers industry benchmarks and the performance of
              the group and the individual. Other factors taken into account in determining remuneration include a demonstrated record of performance and
              the group’s ability to pay. In the case of executives, the CEO provides recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

              As in prior years, remuneration benchmarking was undertaken for FY20 with reference to industry peers, together with, where appropriate, other
              benchmarking reports which apply to specific positions. A group of peer companies were included in the benchmarking exercise for FY20, from
              within the pharma/biotechnology sector. These peer companies included Bionomics, Clinuvel, Immutep, Impedimed, Imugene, Mayne Pharma,
              Medical Developments International, Mesoblast, Monash IVF, Nanosonics, Neuren, Pharmaxis, Polynovo, Opthea, Osprey, Reva Medical, Telix,
              and Virtus Health. Starpharma reviews and develops this benchmark list of peer companies annually to add and remove companies based on
              their current operations; their size; market capitalisation; and the complexity of their business. For some executive roles it may be necessary to
              add or modify the composition of the peer group to ensure comparable roles are benchmarked.

              In reviewing the benchmarking data and determining the level of CEO pay, the Board considers the experience and calibre of its CEO in
              comparison to Starpharma’s peers, ensuring that remuneration is commensurate with talent, skills and experience. There are no guaranteed
              base pay increases or bonuses in any executive contracts.

              Other executives do not have a pre-specified maximum cash bonus entitlement; however, bonuses are awarded from a target shared pool for
              executives as a percentage of total fixed remuneration, based on personal and business unit KPIs and subject to cash availability. The
              Remuneration and Nomination Committee considers that this approach provides flexibility in rewarding superior executive performance and is
              appropriate for the size of the company at this time, enabling it to manage its cash reserves as required. For FY20, the STI target cash bonus
              pool for other KMP executives was 25% of fixed remuneration to align with the strategy to balance the STI ‘at risk’ portions of remuneration for
              other KMP executives between cash and equity.

              The CEO has a maximum cash bonus entitlement as a component of STI, which for FY20 was $249,775, representing a target of 15% of total
              remuneration. Due to the uncertain impact of COVID-19 on the business and economy more broadly, it has been agreed between the CEO and
              the Board that the CEO will waive the right to a cash bonus for FY20. This policy has also been adopted for Other KMP executives. The Board
              has determined that additional STI equity rights will be offered in lieu of the value that would otherwise be awarded as a cash bonus following
              the assessment of performance. This approach aligns with the policy of prudently managing cash reserves, despite key achievements by KMP
              executives during the year.




               24       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                    24
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              b) Remuneration principles and strategy
              The group’s executive remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals and align the interests of
              executives with shareholders, recognising it is operating in the international pharmaceutical industry, and is summarised below.


                                                              Remuneration strategy linkages to group objectives

                  Align the interests of executives with shareholders                   Attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals




For personal use only
                  •     The remuneration framework incorporates “at risk”               •   The remuneration offering is competitive for companies of similar
                        components, which are determined by performance, through            size and complexity within the industry through benchmarking
                        STI and LTI
                                                                                        •    The mix of short and longer-term remuneration encourages
                  •     Performance is assessed against a suite of measures                  retention and performance across multiple years as appropriate
                        relevant to the success of the group and generating growth           for the lifecycle of the group
                        and returns for shareholders




                  Component                         Vehicle                          Purpose                               Link to Performance

                  Fixed remuneration                Base salary, superannuation      To provide competitive fixed          Group and individual performance
                                                    contributions and other          remuneration set with reference       are considered during the annual
                                                    benefits (breakdown of fixed     to the role, market and               remuneration review.
                                                    remuneration is at the           experience.
                                                    executive’s discretion).

                  Short-Term Incentives (STI)       Cash and equity                  Rewards executives for their          Allocation of cash bonuses and
                                                                                     contribution to achievement of        vesting of equity linked to internal
                  (Performance period of less       The equity instrument is         business outcomes. Deferred           KPIs, both business unit and
                  than 3 years)                     currently performance rights,    equity acts as a retention tool       corporate, over the medium term
                                                    which is based on a              and aligns with interests of          which are important drivers of value
                                                    performance assessment, with     shareholders.                         and typical within the biotechnology
                                                    a one year performance                                                 industry. For example, achievement
                                                    period and deferred vesting of                                         of specified development, clinical,
                                                    a further one year, subject to                                         regulatory and commercial
                                                    continued employment.                                                  milestones.

                  Long-Term Incentives (LTI)        Equity                           Rewards executives for their          Vesting of grants are dependent on
                                                                                     contribution to the creation of       internal measures, both business
                  (Performance period of            The equity instrument is         shareholder value over the            unit and corporate over the longer
                  3 years or more)                  currently performance rights     longer term, acts as a retention      term; and total shareholder return
                                                    with a 3-year performance        tool and aligns with interests of     (TSR) relative to the S&P/ASX300
                                                    period.                          shareholders.                         Index.



              The target remuneration mix is outlined in the diagrams below. Having implemented several structural improvements in recent years, to increase
              the proportion of remuneration directed to LTIs to achieve the desired target mix to ensure management remain focused on long term outcomes.
              The transition was conducted in a thoughtful and deliberate manner to take into account the impact in motivating and retaining executives.

              Target Remuneration Mix




              The STI and LTI components of remuneration are variable and are linked to pre-determined performance conditions, such as KPIs, that are
              designed to reward executives based on the company’s performance, the performance of the relevant business unit and demonstrated
              individual superior performance. The details are outlined on pages 26 to 29 of this report.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   25

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                         25
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)

              To achieve the target remuneration mix, the below performance pay structure was adopted in FY20 and is consistent with the prior year.




For personal use only
              c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
              Starpharma Short-Term Incentives (STI) – includes cash bonus and short-term equity

              The group operates an annual STI program available to executives and awards cash and equity incentives subject to the attainment of clearly
              defined KPIs. The STI is ‘at risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving relevant KPIs.


                    Who participates?                          Executives

                    How are STIs delivered?                    Cash bonus and performance rights, both based on a one year performance period, with the
                                                               performance rights conditional upon a deferred vesting date of a further one year, subject to continued
                                                               employment.
                                                               Providing some rights that vest in the short-term allows the company to preserve cash by offering
                                                               equity as a short-term incentive in addition to smaller cash bonuses. This is common practice for
                                                               companies at a similar stage of their life cycle.
                                                               During FY20 the CEO and executives were awarded STI equity with a 1 year performance period
                                                               (1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020), with a deferred vesting date of 30 June 2021 dependent on continued
                                                               employment to the vesting date.

                    What is the STI opportunity?               The STI opportunity is a target of ~25% and ~20% of total remuneration for the CEO and other KMP
                                                               executives, respectively. The CEO STI opportunity for FY20 was equal to the 25% target, comprising of
                                                               a cash component (~60%) and an equity component (~40%). The cash opportunity component was
                                                               equivalent to 45% of total fixed remuneration.
                                                               As outlined above, due to the uncertainties of the impact of COVID-19 on the company and the
                                                               economy more broadly, no cash bonuses were awarded to KMP executives for the performance period
                                                               1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020, however new STI equity will be awarded in lieu of cash bonuses. This is
                                                               despite KMP executives achieving important milestones in their pre-determined KPIs, which are
                                                               described in more detail in section 6. KMP executives were awarded STI equity for the 1 July 2019 to
                                                               30 June 2020 performance period based on the achievement of their pre-determined KPIs.
                                                               The result of these decisions in FY20 is that the CEO was awarded STI of 17% (target 25%) of total
                                                               remuneration and other KMP executives achieved an average of 15% (target 20%) of total
                                                               remuneration, all of which was STI equity.




               26       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                             26
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                   What are the STI performance   Actual STI payments awarded to each executive depend on the extent to which they meet specific KPIs
                   conditions for FY20?           set at the beginning of the period. The KPIs are typical of a biotechnology company at Starpharma’s
                                                  stage of development, and may include corporate KPIs and business unit KPIs relating to strategic and
                                                  operational objectives. Details of the corporate KPIs for performance, which was assessed during
                                                  FY20, are explained in section 5 of the remuneration report. Given the company’s stage of
                                                  development, financial metrics (such as earnings per share) are not entirely relevant in linking pay to
                                                  performance.
                                                  The proportion of performance measures applicable in determining STI awards for the CEO and other
                                                  executives are noted in the table below:




For personal use only
                                                                                   Corporate KPIs                    Business Units KPIs

                                                    STI cash bonus                 CEO 100%                          Other executives 100%

                                                    STI performance rights         CEO 100%                          Other executives 70%
                                                                                   Other executives 30%

                                                    Details regarding LTI performance conditions are contained on page 28.

                   How is performance             At the end of each performance period (typically annually), after consideration of actual performance
                   assessed?                      against KPIs, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends for Board approval of the
                                                  amount of STI to be paid from the maximum entitlement to the CEO.
                                                  For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee seeks
                                                  recommendations from the CEO, and then makes recommendations to the Board.

                   When is performance            The end of the financial year corresponds with the end of each performance period. Performance is
                   assessed and when are          assessed following the end of the financial year to allow for timely disclosure in the annual
                   awards paid or vest?           remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                  The STI cash component is paid approximately three months following the end of the financial year and
                                                  once the performance assessment review is complete.
                                                  For STI equity, a proportion of rights, based on the performance assessment, will remain available
                                                  (deferred) to vest on 30 June the following year. Any rights forfeited based on the performance
                                                  assessment will be forfeited within the first three months of the new financial year following the
                                                  performance assessment.
                                                  The vesting of deferred rights on 30 June is subject to the continued employment condition being
                                                  satisfied. Once vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed
                                                  exercise windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is
                                                  15 years from grant date.

                   Is performance against KPIs    Whilst the company’s policy is not to disclose commercially sensitive information, consistent with best
                   disclosed?                     practice disclosure obligations, it will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the
                                                  extent commercially practicable.
                                                  Specific metrics are applied to each KPI to assist in the assessment undertaken for each performance
                                                  period. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events and circumstances
                                                  not envisaged.

                   Contractual entitlement?       Only the CEO has a STI cash bonus entitlement whereby the maximum amount achievable is set.
                                                  There is no predetermined STI equity entitlement. No other executive service agreements contain any
                                                  contractual entitlement to STI cash or equity. See page 31 for details of the special circumstances that
                                                  apply for FY20.

                   What happens if an executive
                   leaves?                        If an employee ceases employment, all unvested rights lapse except for certain circumstances relating
                                                  to a “good leaver”. The “good leaver” provisions allow the Board to determine the accelerated vesting of
                                                  the rights if the employee ceases employment due to death, illness, permanent disability, redundancy
                                                  or any other circumstance approved by the Board after considering the portion of the performance
                                                  period that has elapsed and the extent to which performance conditions have been met.


                   What happens on a change of    Board discretion, after considering the portion of the performance period that has elapsed and the
                   control?                       extent to which performance conditions have been met.

                   What happens in the case of    If, in the opinion of the Board, an employee has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may
                   fraud/dishonesty?              determine that any unvested right granted to that employee, or any vested right, not exercised, would
                                                  lapse.

                   Re-testing                     There is no re-testing of KPIs in subsequent years if performance conditions are not met.

                   How is the conversion of       The conversion of performance rights is currently satisfied by the issue of new shares, rather than a
                   performance rights to shares   purchase of shares on market, to conserve the company’s cash reserves. This is common practice for
                   satisfied?                     companies at a similar stage of their life cycle. This is reviewed periodically and purchases of shares on
                                                  market may be undertaken in the future if appropriate.

                   Are performance rights         Performance rights - whether unvested, or vested and not exercised, are not eligible to receive
                   eligible for dividends?        dividends.

                                                                                                              STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   27

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                     27
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)

              Starpharma Long-Term Incentives (LTI) – Equity

              Participation in these plans is at the Board’s discretion. For key appointments, an initial allocation of long-term equity incentives may be offered
              as a component of the initial employment agreement. The LTI is ‘at-risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving the relevant KPIs.


                    Who participates?                          Executives




For personal use only
                    How are LTIs delivered?                    Performance rights with a performance/vesting period of 3 years or more. The LTI performance rights
                                                               awarded during FY20 have 3 year performance periods for all executives.

                    What is the LTI opportunity?               The CEO’s LTI opportunity for FY20 was 41% of total remuneration. For other KMP executives, the LTI
                                                               opportunity for FY20 was ~30% of total remuneration. As outlined in section 4 of the remuneration
                                                               report, the target LTI opportunity is 40% and 30% of total remuneration for the CEO and other KMP
                                                               executives, respectively.

                    What are the LTI performance               Corporate KPIs reflect long-term (3 year) strategic, operational and financial management objectives.
                    conditions for rights granted              These relate to key value creating events and significant milestones that are linked to Starpharma’s
                    in FY20?                                   business areas. For the performance period to 30 June 2020 these were:
                                                                     •     The monetisation of the VivaGel® and Drug Delivery portfolios represented by the completion
                                                                           of a number of commercial deals that build shareholder value and/or generate income; and
                                                                     •     The development of new DEP® candidates and/or the licensing of DEP® candidates.
                                                               Due to the commercially sensitive nature of the specific performance metrics within these KPIs,
                                                               Starpharma will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the extent commercially
                                                               practicable in the annual report.
                                                               In maintaining the link between executive remuneration outcomes and the returns to shareholders,
                                                               relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) is considered a relevant performance condition in respect of
                                                               LTIs. The relative TSR hurdle reflects Starpharma’s TSR compared to the S&P/ASX300
                                                               Accumulation Index (Index), and includes share price growth, and any dividends and capital returns.
                                                               The Board has chosen this Index for the TSR comparator group as it provides an external, market-
                                                               based performance measure to which the company’s performance can be compared in relative terms.
                                                               The Index is considered appropriate as it provides a comparison of shareholder returns that is
                                                               relevant to investors, and reflects the aspiration of the company.
                                                               The Board considers that the Index is a more appropriate comparator than a customised group of
                                                               peer companies due to the inherent volatility of each of these companies, typical within the
                                                               biotechnology industry. In recent years, the performance of Starpharma’s industry peers has been
                                                               particularly volatile, with a number of companies experiencing significant decreases in market
                                                               capitalisation, and a number have gone through some type of corporate activity (e.g. takeovers) or
                                                               are no longer ASX listed. Given that the relative TSR is measured over a three year period, the Index
                                                               is favoured as a more stable and appropriate comparator. Also, the published S&P/ASX 200
                                                               Healthcare Index was considered as a possible comparator, however, was determined to be
                                                               inappropriate given its concentrated composition including CSL Limited and other large service
                                                               oriented companies, such as private hospitals. Each year, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                               Committee, and the Board, review the suitability of the Index as a comparator.
                                                               To achieve the full relative TSR performance condition, Starpharma’s TSR must achieve 10% per
                                                               annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index, which is considered a realistic stretch target.

                                                               The table below sets out the percentage of performance rights that will vest depending on the
                                                               company’s TSR compared to the Index over the relevant period.


                                                                 Annualised Starpharma TSR compared                Percentage of rights subject to the relative
                                                                 with the Index                                    TSR performance condition which vest

                                                                 Below Index                                       0%

                                                                 Equal to Index                                    50%

                                                                 Between Index and Index + 9.99%                   Pro rata basis from 51% to 99%

                                                                 At least 10% per annum above Index                100%
                                                                 (or ≥ 30% over 3 years)

                                                               For example, if the TSR of the Index is 10% per annum, then Starpharma would need to achieve a
                                                               TSR of 20% per annum or more for all of the relative TSR related performance rights to vest. The
                                                               above hurdle recognises the return that investors expect when investing in the biotechnology sector.
                                                               The Board considers an additional return of 10% per annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index to
                                                               be a realistic stretch target for all relative TSR rights to vest.




               28       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                            28
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report


                                                    The performance measures applicable in determining LTI awards for the CEO and other executives
                                                    and the relative proportions are noted in the table below:

                                                                                  Corporate KPIs            TSR                     Business Unit KPIs

                                                     CEO                          70%                       30%                     N/A

                                                     Other executives             15%                       15%                     70%




For personal use only
                                                    The Board considers 30% and 15% of LTI equity as the appropriate portion for relative TSR for the
                                                    CEO and other executives, respectively. In determining the percentages, the Board considered input
                                                    from investors and proxy advisers to arrive at a level that is considered meaningful as a measure of
                                                    performance, and sufficient to be relevant.
                                                    The relative TSR performance measure does not allow for a portion of the award to vest at below
                                                    median performance, which is consistent with good market practice. Additionally, the Board maintains
                                                    absolute discretion in finalising remuneration outcomes for incentive-based awards to the CEO and
                                                    other executives. The Board may exercise its discretion (either up or down) to take into account the
                                                    impacts of external market conditions outside the control of management. The Board is cognisant of
                                                    ensuring fairness and that any exercise of discretion reinforces Starpharma’s strategy and
                                                    remuneration policy. Accordingly, in the event that the Index has performed particularly poorly, the
                                                    Board may exercise its discretion to prevent excessive executive awards in years of poor shareholder
                                                    returns.

                  How is performance                At the end of each performance period, after consideration of actual performance against KPIs, the
                  assessed?                         Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends the amount of LTIs to vest to the CEO for
                                                    approval by the Board. For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                    Committee seeks recommendations from the CEO, and then make recommendations to the Board.
                                                    Relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm with specialist expertise.

                  When is performance               The end of the financial year corresponds with the end of each performance period. Performance is
                  assessed and when are             assessed following the end of the financial year to allow for the timely disclosure in the annual
                  awards paid or vest?              remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                    For LTI equity, the rights will vest on 30 September following the performance assessment. Once
                                                    vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed exercise
                                                    windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is 15 years
                                                    from grant date.

                  Is performance against KPIs
                                                    Same as for STI.
                  disclosed?

                  Contractual entitlement?          There are no predetermined LTI equity entitlements.

                  What happens if an executive
                  leaves?                           Same as for STI.

                  What happens on a change of
                                                    Same as for STI.
                  control?
                  What happens in the case of
                  fraud/dishonesty?                 Same as for STI.

                  Re-testing                        Same as for STI.
                  How is the conversion of
                  performance rights to shares      Same as for STI.
                  satisfied?
                  Are performance rights eligible
                                                    Same as for STI.
                  for dividends?




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   29

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                      29
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)

              d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY20
              In FY20, the Board determined the number of rights granted for STI and LTI equity based on the face value of rights (see below) and the target
              remuneration mix as set out on page 25.

              Starpharma uses and reports face value for determining the allocation of equity as it provides transparency on the value of the allocations
              compared with fair value. This practice reflects the increasingly accepted view by industry that presenting remuneration equity at face value




For personal use only
              provides a more accurate representation of the true value of that equity and for users to understand the value of these awards.

              The face value of each right is based on the volume weighted average price (“VWAP”) of the company’s shares traded on the ASX over the 3
              month period to 30 June 2019, which reflects the beginning of the performance period. The 3 month period has been determined to be the
              appropriate duration for the calculation of the VWAP as it limits any unintended consequences of short-term volatility in the company’s share
              price and is consistent with the duration used in the calculation of TSR for the relative TSR performance condition. The face value is not
              adjusted for changes (increase or decreases) in share price post 30 June, which has been the practice since 2015. The face value for each right
              was $1.2664.

              The below tables summarise the equity incentives granted in FY20:

                                                                                                      Deferred STI equity                               LTI equity
                                                        Performance Period                     1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020           1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022
                                                        Deferral Period                              12 months from end of
                                                                                                                                                    Not applicable
                                                                                                        performance period
                                                        Vesting Date                                          30 June 2021                    30 September 2022
                                                        Face Value per Right                        Based on 3 month VWAP to 30 June 2019 of $1.2664
                                                        Method for calculating number        Total value of grant at face value divided by the face value per right
                                                        of rights
                  J K Fairley                           Face Value of grant                                       $169,950                               $679,800
                  (CEO and Managing
                  Director)                             Number of Rights                                            134,199                               536,797

                                                        Fair value per AASB2   #
                                                                                                                  $172,886                               $620,788
                                                                                                                                             70% Corporate KPIs
                                                        Performance Conditions                       100% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                   30% relative TSR performance
                  J Paull                               Face Value of grant                                        $53,442                               $213,768
                  (Other KMP executives)                Number of Rights                                             42,200                               168,800
                                                        Fair value per AASB2†                                      $48,530                               $182,855
                                                                                                   70% Business Unit KPIs                70% Business Unit KPIs
                                                        Performance Conditions                        30% Corporate KPIs                     15% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                   15% relative TSR performance
                  N J Baade                             Face Value of grant                                        $48,883                               $195,532
                  A Eglezos                             Number of Rights                                             38,600                               154,400
                  D J Owen                              Fair value per AASB2†                                      $44,390                               $167,256
                  (Other KMP executives)                                                           70% Business Unit KPIs                70% Business Unit KPIs
                                                        Performance Conditions                        30% Corporate KPIs                     15% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                   15% relative TSR performance
                  Other Vesting Conditions                          Remains employed until the vesting date and has not engaged in fraud or dishonesty
              #
                The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the AGM date when shareholders approved the grant of the rights.
              †
                The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the date when the performance rights were offered.




               30       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                          30
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
              Given the company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as profitability) are not necessarily an appropriate measure of executive
              performance. The company’s remuneration policy aligns executive reward with the interests of shareholders. The primary focus is on growth in
              shareholder value through achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones, and therefore performance goals are not
              necessarily linked to typical financial performance measures utilised by companies operating in other market segments. However, the Board
              recognises that share price performance is clearly relevant to the extent that it reflects shareholder returns, and as such Starpharma’s TSR
              relative to the S&P/ASX300 Index is used as a relevant metric for portions of executive equity awards. Details of share price, earnings and the
              impact of share price performance on the vesting of certain performance rights over the last 5 years is detailed in the table below.




For personal use only
                                                                                    FY20               FY19     FY18            FY17             FY16

                   Closing share price 30 June                                      $1.13              $1.36    $1.17           $0.73            $0.645
                   Share price high                                                 $1.43              $1.66    $1.67           $0.88            $0.98
                   Share price low                                                  $0.62              $0.87    $0.71           $0.59            $0.54
                   Profit/(Loss) for the year ($M)                                 (14.7)              (14.3)   (10.3)           8.2             (22.7)
                   Number of performance rights forfeited by CEO based                -                  -        -           244,500           430,000
                   on share price performance for the period ending 30
                   June (or otherwise in the FY).
                   % of performance rights forfeited by CEO based on                 0%                 0%       0%             13%               50%
                   share price performance (as a percentage of total
                   performance rights) period ending 30 June, or
                   otherwise in the FY).

              Fixed remuneration:
              The average increase in KMP executive fixed remuneration for FY20 was 3.2% (FY19: 3.2%). There was no increase above 3.3% in the total
              fixed remuneration package for any KMP executive in the year. The revised total fixed remuneration is consistent with similar roles in the sector
              and reflects the evolution of the company and associated greater responsibility of executives.

              For FY21, the Board has determined that there will be no increase in fixed remuneration for KMP executives from 1 July 2020, with a review to
              be undertaken in December.

              Performance related pay:
              In the assessment of STI and LTI KPIs, the Board took account of the significant achievements obtained in the performance periods and the
              effort and dedication required to accomplish these milestones. These achievements include those listed on pages 33 to 35.

              Short-term incentives (STI):

              Summary of performance pay related to FY20 for the CEO


                                                                                          STI cash#                                         STI equity
                                                                                                 ($)                                      (# of rights)
                   Maximum
                                                                                           $249,775                                            134,199
                   Available
                   STI Awarded                                                                   $-                                            101,320
                   % Awarded                                                                     -%                                              75.5%
              #
                  See below on allocation of additional STI equity rights in lieu of STI cash.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that the CEO had achieved a performance assessment of 75.5% of
              STI awards for the performance period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020, based on the annual review of actual performance against KPIs.
              These targets were set by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board at the beginning of the performance period and align
              to the company’s strategic, operational and financial objectives. STI equity awards for the CEO in FY20 were based on the scorecard
              measures and weightings as disclosed below.

              There was no STI cash awarded for FY20 due to the uncertainties of the impact of COVID-19 on the company and the economy more
              broadly. However, based on the CEO’s performance achievement, the Board has determined an allocation of new STI equity rights will be
              awarded equivalent to the STI cash amount. The number of new STI equity rights to the CEO to be approved at the 2020 AGM will be
              176,755 rights, based on the face value of $1.0669, being the VWAP for the 3 month period to 30 June 2020. The face value has been
              determined to be the appropriate basis for allocation as it represents the market value at the end of the performance period of 30 June 2020
              and is consistent with the allocation method for awards of equity more generally. These STI equity rights will vest on 30 June 2021 based on
              satisfying the continued employment condition to this date. As the number of allocated rights is based on the assessed performance against
              the CEO’s predetermined KPIs for FY20, no further performance conditions beyond the service condition will be required.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   31

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                         31
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance (continued)

              Summary of performance pay related to FY20 for Other KMP executives

              For STI awards for other KMP executives, the CEO assesses the other KMP executives’ performance against predetermined KPIs relevant
              to their business unit. These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 30% of STI equity awards based
              on the percentage achievement of corporate KPIs as disclosed above. The achievement of corporate KPIs requires significant input and strong
              performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board in




For personal use only
              respect of the STI performance assessment and amounts to be awarded.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that other KMP executives had achieved an average performance
              assessment of 85.1% of STI awards (between 80% and 89%) for the performance period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020. STI equity awards to
              Other KMP executives for FY20 were consistent with their performance assessment.

              There was no STI cash awarded for FY20 due to the uncertainties of the impact of COVID-19 on the company and the economy more
              broadly. Like the CEO, based on the Other KMP executive’s performance achievement, the Board has determined an allocation of new STI
              equity rights will be awarded equivalent to the STI cash amount, based on the $1.0669 face value per right. The number of STI equity rights
              to be awarded to Other KMP executives in lieu of STI cash for the performance period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 is between 65,610 and
              74,983 rights for each Other KMP executive. These new STI equity rights will vest on 30 June 2021 based on satisfying the continued
              employment condition to this date. As the number of allocated rights is based on the assessed performance against the predetermined KPIs
              for FY20, no further performance conditions beyond the service condition will be attached to the grant of these rights.

              Long-term incentives (LTI):

              Summary of performance pay for the CEO for the three years ended 30 June 2020

                                                                                                                 LTI equity
                                                                                                              (# of Rights)                   % Achieved

                    Maximum Available                                                                               895,879
                    LTI Achieved
                        KPIs for 3 years to 30 June 2020                                                            376,602                          70.3%
                        Relative TSR for 3 years to 30 June 2020                                                    360,063                         100.0%
                    Total LTI Achieved                                                                              736,665
                    % Achieved                                                                                       82.2%


              Performance assessment of relative TSR for the three years ended 30 June 2020

              The company’s TSR was tested against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance period ended 30 June
              2020. The company’s TSR over the period was 49.4% compared with an Index TSR over the period of only 3.3%. The company’s annualised
              TSR for the period was 14.3% compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index annualised TSR of 1.1% above the additional 10% per annum required. As
              a result, 100% of the relative TSR component vested. The TSR calculations were performed by an independent professional services firm.

              The table below provides a summary of the achievement of annualised TSR performance:

                    Performance Period                                                                            3 years to                     3 years to
                                                                                                              30 June 2020                   30 June 2019

                    Starpharma annualised TSR                                                                         14.3%                          22.1%
                    Index annualised TSR                                                                               1.1%                           8.1%
                    Starpharma outperformance of Index (annualised over 3 years)                                      13.2%                          14.0%
                    % of relative TSR awarded                                                                          100%                           100%

              Summary of performance pay for other KMP executives for the three years ended 30 June 2020

              For LTI awards for Other KMP executives, the CEO assesses their performance against predetermined KPIs relevant to their business unit.
              These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 15% of LTI equity awards based on the percentage
              achievement of corporate KPIs, and the remaining 15% based on relative TSR (as disclosed above). The achievement of corporate KPIs
              requires significant input and superior performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations to the Remuneration and
              Nomination Committee and the Board in respect of the LTI performance assessment and amounts to be awarded.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that other KMP executives had achieved a performance assessment of
              between 85.7% and 91.3% (average 87.7%) for business unit KPIs for the performance period 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2020 for determining LTI
              awards.




               32       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                     32
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                  STI Performance                                                                                                           Performance period
                  Assessment
                                                                                                                                       1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020

                  Performance category               Metric                                                                          Weighting             Satisfied

                  Regulatory activities for          Advance further VivaGel® BV registrations in multiple countries, with
                                                                                                                                         15%             Partially Met
                  VivaGel® BV                        priority given to major markets




For personal use only
                  Commercialisation of               Facilitate partners to launch VivaGel® BV in the UK and in multiple
                  VivaGel® BV                        countries in Europe and Asia; pursue partnerships for remaining                     15%                  Met
                                                     unlicensed countries; whilst optimising returns
                  Other VivaGel® products            Progress with regulatory and commercialisation activities for product
                                                     opportunities with SPL7013 (VivaGel® active) with priority given to major            5%                  Met
                                                     market opportunities
                  Clinical stage internal DEP®       Progress with clinical trials for DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and
                  programs                           DEP® irinotecan, including expansion in relation to further indications and         25%             Partially Met
                                                     combination therapies, in parallel with partnering discussions
                  Preclinical DEP®                   Advance preclinical studies on another DEP® candidate, in preparation for
                  candidate(s)                       clinical trials; and develop the DEP® internal pipeline with further DEP®          12.5%            Partially Met
                                                     product candidates
                  Partnered-DEP® programs            Progress with existing partnered-DEP® programs and/or expanded
                                                                                                                                        17.5%            Partially Met
                                                     field/products and/or progress with new partnering deals
                  Capital management,                Manage company’s capital in a prudent manner to create value, increase
                  culture and leadership             recurrent revenues and maintain and develop a highly results oriented               10%                  Met
                                                     culture with exceptional leadership

                                                                                                                                        100%


              In making this STI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors (other
              commercially sensitive matters were also taken into account. As KPIs were established in 2019 before the pandemic occurred, a COVID-19
              product was not included in the KPIs, but given the effort undertaken and potential market opportunity, this was included in the assessment):
              •         Significant VivaGel® BV regulatory activities, including:
                        -    Starpharma obtained regulatory approvals for numerous countries, including first approvals in Asia.
                        -    Starpharma facilitated the submission of numerous regulatory applications in multiple regions as quickly as practicable including in
                             Asia, the Middle East and Africa.
                        -    Publishing VivaGel® BV publications which provided critical support for marketing activities by Mundipharma.
                        -    Continued to aggressively pursue FDA approval for VivaGel® BV, working with a team of expert consultants, lawyers, statisticians and
                             ex-FDA advisers, to progress a formal review, including detailed submissions, as well as preparations for a possible further clinical
                             trial. COVID-19 necessitated that plans for the trial were put on hold.
              •         VivaGel® BV was launched in the UK, South East Asia, Central and Eastern Europe, and New Zealand during the year. Starpharma
                        actively supported both partners, Aspen Pharmacare (Fleurstat BVgel) and Mundipharma (Betadine®), to launch products as rapidly as
                        possible.
              •         Extensive support to Mundipharma to achieve multiple launches as rapidly as possible, including critical and comprehensive input for
                        the training of representatives, marketing materials, regulatory matters, product labelling, finalisation of product claims, manufacturing,
                        packaging and other elements of supply.
              •         Obtaining regulatory approval of the VivaGel® condom in Europe, and regulatory progress in China and other markets.
              •         Upon emergence of the pandemic, Starpharma rapidly initiated antiviral screening and development of SPL7013 for COVID-19 with an
                        initial focus on a preventative nasal/oral spray. The company confirmed classification with regulators and has undertaken an
                        accelerated development program. Starpharma has engaged contract manufacturing organisations, contract research organisations,
                        multiple specialist viral laboratories and consultants to conduct necessary testing to support registration of the product. Starpharma also
                        undertook activities to source program funding in addition to partnering discussions.
              •         Progress with clinical-stage DEP® assets, including:
                        -   DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan trials progressed well with encouraging efficacy signals observed in each trial
                            and multiple new sites opened, including the Kinghorn Cancer Centre in Sydney. All three DEP® trials experienced a period of paused
                            new patient recruitment, with a greater impact on DEP® docetaxel due to its trial site locations. Despite this impact, DEP® irinotecan
                            phase 1 trial was completed ahead of schedule.
                        -   DEP® docetaxel + gemcitabine clinical combination study initiated.
                        -   DEP® cabazitaxel phase 1 met its objective of identifying a Recommended Phase 2 Dose (“RP2D”) and generating early safety and
                            efficacy data and transitioned to phase 2 ahead of schedule.
                        -   DEP® irinotecan phase 1 / 2 trial commenced and met its phase 1 objective of identifying a RP2D and generating early safety and
                            efficacy data and transitioned to phase 2 ahead of schedule.
                        -   Conducted multiple preclinical studies with DEP® irinotecan to explore value-adding combinations, including with Lynparza® and an
                            immuno-oncology agent – with impressive performance achieved in both studies. Data will contribute to the selection of potential
                            clinical combinations for the phase 2 DEP® irinotecan trial and will also support commercial discussions.
              •         Advanced the preclinical DEP® pipeline, including development of:
                        -   New candidate, DEP® gemcitabine – which demonstrated significantly enhanced anti-tumour activity compared with Gemzar®
                            (gemcitabine) in a human pancreatic cancer model.
                        -   New candidate, a novel HER-2 Targeted DEP® (ADC) – which demonstrated significant tumour regression and 100% survival in a
                            preclinical human ovarian cancer model.
                        -   New radiotherapy candidate, DEP® lutetium – which showed statistically significant and durable anti-cancer activity in a human
                            prostate cancer model.

                                                                                                                        STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   33

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                               33
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance (continued)
              •         Progressed partnered DEP® programs, including:
                        -   Commencement of AstraZeneca’s phase 1 trial for its first DEP® product, AZD0466. The successful dosing of the first patient triggered
                            a US$3 million milestone payment to Starpharma.
                        -   Progress with other AstraZeneca DEP® programs, including the development of a DEP® version of one of their major oncology
                            medicines.
                        -   Advanced arrangements with potential partners of new Targeted (ADC) and non-ADC DEP® programs.
                        -   Signed up a new DEP® program with an existing partner in a novel area of cancer therapeutics and separately progressed an




For personal use only
                            agreement for a DEP® program in a new therapeutic area (anti-infectives) with a new commercial partner.
                        -   Progressed commercial discussions with two further major pharmaceutical companies for several partnered DEP® drug delivery
                            programs in oncology and non-oncology areas.
              •         Five posters featuring products based on Starpharma’s DEP® platform were presented at the 2020 American Association for Cancer
                        Research (”AACR”) Annual Meeting.
              •         The company was granted a TGA licence to manufacture API in-house, enabling Starpharma to prepare API for a range of DEP®
                        products for the conduct of human clinical trials, including late-stage phase 3 trials. This allows Starpharma to accelerate the
                        development of DEP® products for internal and partnered programs through rapid manufacture and development of DEP® materials.
              •         Prudent management of Starpharma’s cash reserves during the COVID-19 pandemic and preserved Starpharma’s stable, highly
                        dedicated and skilled work-force.

              In the assessment of STI KPIs, the Board took account of the significant achievements attained over the performance period and the effort and
              dedication required to accomplish these milestones, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic which posed challenges for trial recruitment
              and supply chain continuity. These achievements include the successful launch of VivaGel® BV in the UK, Asia, Central and Eastern Europe
              and New Zealand, obtaining regulatory approval in Europe for the VivaGel® condom and development of a new product category, a SPL7013
              nasal/oral spray for COVID-19. In addition, the company achieved several DEP® milestones, across both the internal and external portfolio
              including positive interim clinical trial results for three internal DEP® assets and the commencement of phase 1 for AstraZeneca’s first DEP®
              product, as well as the advancement of three new internal DEP® candidates and progressing new agreements with new partners.



                  LTI Performance Assessment                                                                                              Performance period
                                                                                                                                     1 July 2017 to 30 June 2020


                  Performance category                                 Metric                                                        Weighting         Satisfied

                  VivaGel® BV and Drug Delivery                       Monetisation of the VivaGel® and Drug Delivery portfolios
                                                                      represented by the completion of a number of commercial           40%           Partially Met
                                                                      deals that build shareholder value and/or generate income.

                  DEP® Platform                                       Development of new DEP® candidates and the
                                                                                                                                        30%           Partially Met
                                                                      commercialisation of DEP® candidates.
                  Relative TSR                                        Starpharma’s TSR compared to the performance of the
                                                                                                                                        30%               Met
                                                                      S&P/ASX300 Index over a 3-year period

                                                                                                                                        100%


              In making this LTI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors (other
              commercially sensitive matters not disclosed were also taken into account):
              •     VivaGel® and Drug Delivery:
                         -   Signed a second commercial agreement with AstraZeneca to progress a DEP® version of one of AstraZeneca’s major existing
                             oncology medicines.
                         -   Achieved launch of VivaGel® BV in the UK, Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia, Australia and New Zealand.
                         -   Successfully licensed VivaGel® BV to ITF Pharma, Inc. for the US market for US$101M in milestones plus royalties.
                         -   Signed licensing deals for VivaGel® BV with Mundipharma covering: Europe, Russia, CIS, Asia, Middle East, Africa, Latin America.
                         -   Okamoto added 11 more Asian countries to its VivaGel® condom licence.
                         -   Onset of revenue receipts from Aspen, Mundipharma and Okamoto.
                         -   Achieved regulatory approvals for VivaGel® BV in several further regions including for countries in Asia and in the Middle East,
                             Australia and New Zealand. Achieved European approval for a second BV indication, for the prevention of recurrent BV.
                         -   VivaGel® condom was approved in Japan and Europe and launched in Japan.
                         -   VivaGel® BV NDA prepared, submitted, and subsequently accepted for filing.
                         -   Supported the IND preparation, scale-up and final preclinical work to enable progression of AZD0466 into first human clinical trial in
                             the US.
                         -   Installed and commissioned in-house DEP® scale-up facilities and achieved TGA approval/GMP certification allowing manufacture
                             of DEP® products for clinical trials. This facility accelerates the development of both internal and partnered DEP® products by
                             providing more rapid and cost-effective manufacture of preclinical and clinical grade materials than with third-party manufacturers.
                             This facility has already provided significant savings for internal programs and revenues from manufacture of DEP ® candidates for
                             partner programs.




               34       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                          34
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              •     DEP® Platform:
                        -   DEP® docetaxel phase 1 trial was successfully completed, with a phase 2 trial commencing immediately after.
                        -   Commenced and successfully completed DEP® cabazitaxel phase 1 trial, with a phase 2 trial commencing immediately after.
                        -   Commenced and successfully completed DEP® irinotecan phase 1 trial, with a phase 2 trial commencing immediately after.
                        -   Partnering discussions underway for internal DEP® candidates with licences to be sought at the most appropriate time to maximise
                            commercial value.
                        -   Other preclinical DEP® candidates have been developed and advanced into preclinical development.
                        -   Development of DEP® radiopharmaceutical candidates and targeted DEP® candidates, both currently undergoing preclinical
                            testing.




For personal use only
                        -   Progressed several agreements with existing and new DEP® research partners.
              •     Relative TSR:
                    -       The company’s TSR was tested against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance period ended
                            30 June 2020. The company’s annualised TSR for this period was 14.3% compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index annualised TSR of
                            1.1%, above the additional 10% per annum required.
                    -       The relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm and more information regarding the relative TSR
                            hurdle is provided on page 28.



              6. Details of remuneration
              The following tables show details of the remuneration received by the directors and the key management personnel of the group for the current
              and previous financial year. As required by the Accounting Standards, the value of performance rights included in the remuneration tables
              relates to the fair value of the performance rights (which may include performance rights granted in prior years), rather than their face value.

                                                                                                   Post-         Long-term           Share-based
               2020                                               Short-term benefits        employment            benefits            payments
                                       Cash salary &                      Non-monetary                         Long service          Performance
                                               fees†      Cash bonus#          benefits    Superannuation             leave               Rights#               Total
               Name                                $                $                 $                 $                 $                     $                  $
               Non-executive directors

               R B Thomas                    122,374                  –              –              11,626                  –                      –         134,000

               R A Hazleton                   77,000                  –              –                   –                  –                      –           77,000

               Z Peach                        71,689                  –              –               6,811                  –                      –           78,500

               P R Turvey                     71,689                  –              –               6,811                  –                      –           78,500

               D J McIntyre                   24,167                  –              –                   –                  –                      –           24,167

               Executive director

               J K Fairley                   519,499                  –         24,397              21,003           14,254                868,418         1,447,571

               Other KMP executives

               N J Baade                     223,091                  –         36,664              21,003             2,320               232,505           515,583

               A Eglezos                     253,842                  –          6,547              21,003           13,199                227,712           522,303

               D J Owen                      240,458                  –         22,210              21,003             2,170               226,581           512,422

               J R Paull                     227,887                  –         42,495              21,003             8,012               259,653           559,050

               Totals                      1,831,696                  –        132,313            130,263            39,955              1,814,869         3,949,096

              †
                Increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives were under 3.3% in FY20. Executives may elect to salary sacrifice
              part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary & fees represent gross salary earned less any salary sacrifice amounts. The two
              forms of salary sacrifice in FY20 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car park. These amounts are
              reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary & fees may vary from one year to the next, depending on the elections
              chosen.
              #
               All performance related remuneration, including and cash bonuses and performance rights granted, are determined to be an ‘at risk’
              component of total remuneration.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   35

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                         35
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6. Details of remuneration (continued)

                                                                                                            Post-         Long-term       Share-based
               2019                                                         Short-term benefits       employment            benefits        payments
                                           Cash salary &                            Non-monetary                         Long service     Performance
                                                   fees†        Cash bonus#*             benefits   Superannuation              leave          Rights#              Total
               Name                                    $                   $                    $                $                  $                $                 $
               Non-executive directors




For personal use only
               R B Thomas                         118,721                      –                –            11,279                 –                    –       130,000

               R A Hazleton                        74,500                      –                –                    –              –                    –        74,500

               Z Peach                             68,950                      –                –             6,550                 –                    –        75,500

               P R Turvey                          68,950                      –                –             6,550                 –                    –        75,500

               Executive director

               J K Fairley                        491,564             202,488             35,081             20,531           13,453           980,260         1,743,377

               Other KMP executives

               N J Baade                          214,738                  76,000         36,700             20,531            2,079           201,322           551,370

               A Eglezos                          244,475                  80,000          7,529             20,531            2,566           204,064           559,165

               D J Owen                           232,678                  70,000         22,073             20,531            2,277           203,047           550,606

               J R Paull                          218,479                  80,000         42,633             20,531            7,591           230,888           600,122

               Totals                           1,733,055             508,488            144,016           127,034            27,966         1,819,581         4,360,140

              †
                Increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives were under 5% in the year. Executives may elect to salary sacrifice
              part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary & fees represents gross salary earned less any salary sacrifice amounts. The two
              forms of salary sacrifice in FY19 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car park. These amounts are
              reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary & fees may vary from one year to the next, depending on the elections
              chosen.
              #
                All performance related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component of
              total remuneration.
              * The cash bonus reported relates to amounts assessed to be paid for the performance period 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019. The actual cash
              payment of the bonuses will occur in the following financial year.


              The relative proportions of remuneration for FY20 that are linked to performance and those that are fixed are as follows:



                                                                                      Fixed          At risk - STI       At risk - STI   At risk - STI       At risk - LTI
                                                                                remuneration                 cash             Equity1           Total             Equity1
               CEO                                                Target                  35%                                                    25%                 40%
               J K Fairley                                        Actual                  40%                  -%                17%             17%                 43%
               Other KMP executives                               Target                  50%                                                    20%                 30%
               N J Baade                                          Actual                  55%                  -%                15%             15%                 30%
               A Eglezos                                          Actual                  56%                  -%                15%             15%                 29%
               D J Owen                                           Actual                  56%                  -%                15%             15%                 29%
               J R Paull                                          Actual                  54%                  -%                15%             15%                 31%
              1
                Where applicable, the expenses include negative amounts for expenses reversed during the year due to a failure to satisfy the vesting
              conditions.

              The actual remuneration mix for the CEO and other KMP executives for FY20 has deviated from the target ranges due to the STI cash bonus
              not being awarded and the additional STI equity rights to be allocated in lieu of cash bonuses.

              Non-statutory Executive Remuneration
              The non-statutory executive remuneration is the remuneration earned by KMP executives in FY20 and is set out below with calculations of
              equity value both at the vesting date and based on the face value at the beginning of the relevant performance period. Starpharma discloses
              non-statutory remuneration voluntarily because it includes the face value of equity that vested in FY20. For LTI equity, the reported value
              reflects the KMP executive performance over three years including the impact of the increase in the share price over the three year period.

              The table differs from the remuneration details prepared above in this section 6 of this report which are prepared in accordance with statutory
              obligations and accounting standards, and presents the expensing of the fair value of performance rights over their vesting period, and may
              include the expensing of rights that may not ultimately vest into ordinary shares.

               36       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                           36
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               2020
               Name                Fixed      STI cash           STI equity    STI equity    LTI equity   LTI equity     Total non-  Total non-          Total
                             remuneration paid in FY20             vested in    vested in     vested in    vested in       statutory   statutory remuneration
                                       (1)          (2)        FY20 based FY20 based FY20 based FY20 based remuneration remuneration                      per
                                                              on face value     on share on face value     on share earned based         earned    Accounting
                                                                         (3)      price at          (3)      price at on face value   based on      Standards
                                                                             vesting date               vesting date of equity (3) share price             (5)
                                                                                       (4)                        (4)                at vesting




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        date (4)

                                        ($)             ($)             ($)             ($)          ($)            ($)               ($)             ($)                  ($)
               J K Fairley         564,899        202,488         131,305        131,305        543,659        977,455        1,442,261        1,876,146       1,447,571
               N J Baade           280,758         76,000           38,966           38,966     116,387        231,176          512,111         626,899           515,583
               A Eglezos           281,392         80,000           38,966           38,966     116,690        231,769          517,048         632,127           522,303
               D J Owen            283,671         70,000           38,021           38,021     117,904        229,397          509,595         621,089           512,422
               J R Paull           291,385         80,000           43,288           43,288     146,216        261,894          560,889         676,267           559,050
              1
                Base salary, superannuation and non-monetary benefits such as novated motor vehicle lease and car park benefits.
              2
                STI cash paid during the financial year. The amount disclosed for FY20 reflects the FY19 STI paid in October 2019 following the release of the
                 FY19 results.
              3
                Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the face value of the performance rights based on the 3 month VWAP prior to the
                 start of the relevant performance period (1 July). Vested rights will remain as rights in subsequent periods until exercised. The STI equity was
                 granted in FY19 and the LTI equity was granted in FY17.
              4
                Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the opening price on the date of vesting. Vested rights will remain as rights in
                 subsequent periods until exercised. The STI equity was granted in FY19 and the LTI equity was granted in FY17.
              5
                In accordance with statutory obligations and accounting standards in section 6 of this report, which includes expensing of rights over their
              entire vesting period, and rights that may not ultimately vest into ordinary shares.

              Equity awards and share price
              The total non-statutory remuneration based on the vesting date share price is higher than the total remuneration per Accounting Standards and
              the non-statutory remuneration based on face value. The higher amount is primarily driven by the value attached to the equity awards that
              vested in FY20. As illustrated in the graph below, this reflects the strong share price performance over the relevant periods of up to a 1.8x fold
              increase in share price compared with the face value of those rights at the time of allocation. The 3 year LTI rights are predominately driving the
              higher reported value at the vesting date. Alternatively, if the share price were to have significantly decreased, the value of these equity awards
              would have reduced accordingly. Furthermore, despite being reported in non-statutory remuneration the STI and LTI rights do not automatically
              convert to shares, and no executives have exercised rights, so these values have not yet been realised.




                                               Face value of equity awards granted             Equity awards vested (based on share price on
                                               (based on 3 month VWAP to 30 June)              vesting date)




                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   37

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                          37
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6. Details of remuneration (continued)

              Details of remuneration: cash bonuses, shares, and performance rights
              For each cash bonus and grant of equity included in the tables on pages 35 to 40, the percentage of the available bonus or grant that was paid,
              or that vested, in the financial year, and the percentage that was forfeited because the person did not meet the service and performance
              objectives is set out below. Performance rights vest over the specified periods provided vesting criteria are met. No rights will vest if the
              conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value of the rights yet to vest is nil. The maximum value of the rights yet to vest has been
              determined as the amount of the grant date fair value of the rights that is yet to be expensed. The CEO was awarded 0% of her maximum cash




For personal use only
              bonus entitlement of $249,775 in FY20, with the total cash amount forfeited as described above in the report. In addition, no other KMP
              executives were awarded cash bonuses in FY20. STI cash bonuses for other KMP executives are paid at the absolute discretion of the Board
              based on an individual’s performance within the year, hence there is no component forfeited to report.


                                                                                                                                            Performance rights

                                                        Grant date            Year     Vested        Forfeited                 Financial                Maximum
                                                fair value of rights       granted                                        years in which         fair value yet to
                                                    granted during                                                           rights may                      vest
                                                            20201,2                                                                 vest
                    Name                                           $                        %               %                                                   $
                    J K Fairley                            793,684           2020            -            25%                30/06/2021                 130,531
                                                                             2020            -               -               30/06/2023                 572,680
                                                                             2019         83%             17%                30/06/2020                       -
                                                                             2019            -               -               30/06/2022                 285,171
                                                                             2018            -            18%                30/06/2021                  71,801
                                                                             2017         96%              4%                30/06/2020                       -
                    N J Baade                              211,646           2020            -            17%                30/06/2021                  18,466
                                                                             2020            -               -               30/06/2023                 115,825
                                                                             2019         87%             13%                30/06/2020                       -
                                                                             2019            -               -               30/06/2022                  71,296
                                                                             2018            -            13%                30/06/2021                  12,580
                                                                             2017         91%              9%                30/06/2020                       -
                    A Eglezos                              211,646           2020            -            21%                30/06/2021                  17,456
                                                                             2020            -               -               30/06/2023                 115,825
                                                                             2019         87%             13%                30/06/2020                       -
                                                                             2019            -               -               30/06/2022                  71,296
                                                                             2018            -            14%                30/06/2021                  12,526
                                                                             2017         91%              9%                30/06/2020                       -
                    D J Owen                               211,646           2020            -            18%                30/06/2021                  18,233
                                                                             2020            -               -               30/06/2023                 115,825
                                                                             2019         85%             15%                30/06/2020                       -
                                                                             2019            -               -               30/06/2022                  71,296
                                                                             2018            -            14%                30/06/2021                  12,419
                                                                             2017         90%             10%                30/06/2020                       -
                    J R Paull                              231,385           2020            -            15%                30/06/2021                  20,613
                                                                             2020            -               -               30/06/2023                 126,628
                                                                             2019         88%             12%                30/06/2020                       -
                                                                             2019            -               -               30/06/2022                  77,945
                                                                             2018            -            11%                30/06/2021                  14,248
                                                                             2017         94%              6%                30/06/2020                       -
              1
                  The value at grant date calculated in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payments of performance rights granted during the year as part of
                  remuneration.
              2
                  The maximum value of performance rights is determined at grant date and is amortised over the applicable vesting period. The amount which
                  will be included in a given KMP executive’s remuneration for a given year is consistent with this amortised amount. No performance rights will
                  vest if the conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value yet to vest is nil.




               38       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                   38
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              7. Executive employment agreements

              Remuneration and other terms of employment for executives are formalised in employment agreements which set out duties, rights and
              responsibilities, and entitlements on termination. All executives also have a formal position description for their role.

              Major provisions of the agreements relating to remuneration are set out below for those KMP executives who are employed at the date of this
              report.




For personal use only
              CEO and Managing Director (J K Fairley)

              •         No fixed term of agreement.
              •         Base salary, inclusive of superannuation, per annum as at 30 June 2020 of $561,680, to be reviewed annually by the Remuneration and
                        Nomination Committee.
              •         A cash bonus up to $249,775 for the year to 30 June 2020 allocated proportionately on the achievement of predetermined KPIs.
              •         The CEO is entitled to participate in a STI and LTI equity plan, subject to receiving any required or appropriate shareholder approval.
              •         Fringe benefits consist of on-site car parking.


              The CEO’s termination provisions are as follows:


                                                       Notice Period       Payment in lieu     Treatment of equity STI               Treatment of LTI
                                                                           of notice

                  Resignation                          12 months           N/A                 Unvested awards forfeited             Unvested awards forfeited
                  Termination for cause                None                None                Unvested awards (including an         Unvested awards (including an
                                                                                               exercisable, vested right)            exercisable, vested right)
                                                                                               forfeited                             forfeited
                  Termination without cause,           12 months           6 months            Unvested awards lapse unless          Unvested awards lapse unless
                  including redundancy                                     payment in lieu     the Board determines otherwise        the Board determines
                                                                           of notice with 6    after considering the portion of      otherwise after considering the
                                                                           month notice        the performance period that has       portion of the performance
                                                                           period              elapsed and the extent to which       period that has elapsed and
                                                                                               performance conditions have           the extent to which
                                                                                               been met. Vesting of the rights       performance conditions have
                                                                                               may be accelerated in this case.      been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                                                                     may be accelerated in this
                                                                                                                                     case.
                  Termination in cases of death,       N/A                 N/A                 Unvested awards lapse, unless         Unvested awards lapse,
                  disablement or other cause                                                   the Board determines otherwise        unless the Board determines
                  approved by the Board                                                        after considering the portion of      otherwise after considering the
                                                                                               the performance period that has       portion of the performance
                                                                                               elapsed and the extent to which       period that has elapsed and
                                                                                               performance conditions have           the extent to which
                                                                                               been met. Vesting of the rights       performance conditions have
                                                                                               may be accelerated in this case.      been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                                                                     may be accelerated in this
                                                                                                                                     case.


              Other KMP executives

              Standard executive termination provisions are as follows:

                                                       Notice Period       Payment in lieu     Treatment of equity STI               Treatment of LTI
                                                                           of notice

                  Resignation                          3 months            N/A                 Same as for CEO                       Same as for CEO
                  Termination for cause                None                None                Same as for CEO                       Same as for CEO
                  Termination without cause,           Typically 3         3 months            Same as for CEO                       Same as for CEO
                  including redundancy                 months              (3-6 months)
                                                       (range 3-6
                                                       months)
                  Termination in cases of death,       N/A                 N/A                 Same as for CEO                       Same as for CEO
                  disablement, or other cause
                  approved by the Board


              There are no loans to the CEO or Other KMP executives.




                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   39

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                           39
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              8. Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes

              Ordinary shares
              The number of ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the directors or the key
              management personnel of the group, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below. The table may also
              reflect changes to shareholdings which are unrelated to remuneration.

              2020                                                           Granted during              On exercise of




For personal use only
                                                       Balance at the           the year as          performance rights         Other changes              Balance at the
              Name                                    start of the year       compensation               during the year       during the year*           end of the year
              Directors
              R B Thomas                                      825,000                        –                        –                        –                825,000
              J K Fairley                                   3,905,434                        –                        –                        –              3,905,434
              R A Hazleton                                    208,466                        –                        –                        –                208,466
              Z Peach                                           48,975                       –                        –                        –                  48,975
              P R Turvey                                      179,821                        –                        –                        –                179,821
              D J McIntyre#                                     16,240                       –                        –                        –                  16,240
              Other KMP executives
              N J Baade                                       600,291                        –                        –                (106,212)                494,079
              A Eglezos                                       331,003                        –                        –                  (8,461)                322,542
              D J Owen                                        637,482                        –                        –                 (57,680)                579,802
              J R Paull                                       291,106                        –                        –                 (60,000)                231,103
              * Other changes relate to market transactions
              # Appointed as a non-executive director on 1 March 2020, balance at the start of the year reflects his shareholding as at 1 March 2020.

              Performance rights
              The number of rights over ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the executive directors
              and the KMP executives, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below. No non-executive director held
              performance rights in FY20 or the prior year.

               2020
                                                                                                                                           Vested and
               Name                Balance at the        Granted during                                                                  exercisable at
                                      start of the          the year as         Exercised         Other changes      Balance at the      the end of the
                                             year         compensation     during the year       during the year#   end of the year               year     Total Unvested
               Directors
               J K Fairley              3,835,087                670,996                 -              (52,969)           4,453,114        2,346,318           2,106,796
               Other KMP executives
               N J Baade                  993,492                193,000                 -              (25,001)           1,161,491          558,091             603,400
               A Eglezos                  994,658                193,000                 -              (24,487)           1,163,171          559,771             603,400
               D J Owen                   997,575                193,000                 -              (27,352)           1,163,223          559,823             603,400
               J R Paull                1,127,478                211,000                 -              (18,295)           1,320,183          660,383             659,800
              #
                  Other changes during the year relate to the forfeiture of rights.

              The market value at vesting date of performance rights that vested into shares during 2020 was $2,222,235 (2019: $3,667,459). No other
              shares were issued on the vesting of performance rights provided as remuneration to any of the directors or the KMP of the group in the current
              year.

              The market value is calculated using the opening share price on the respective vesting/exercise date or forfeit date.

              Dilutionary impact of performance rights on issue
              As at 30 June 2020 there were 14,780,525 performance rights on issue, representing 4.0% of the 372,562,687 shares on issue (SOI) at 30 June
              2020. There were 9,261,182 rights which were held by KMP, representing 2.5% of SOI, of which 4,453,114 (1.2% of SOI) were approved by
              shareholders.




               40       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                                40
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              The terms and conditions of the grant of performance rights to the directors or the key management personnel of the group in the current year or
              which impact future years are as follows:

                                                                  Number Performance             measure
                                                                  of rights                                   Fair value per right
                               Grant date            Vesting date granted                                           at grant date       % vested

                         13 October 2016      30 September 2019 765,000              Achievement of KPIs                     $0.68             90

                         13 October 2016      30 September 2019 135,000                                TSR                   $0.43            100




For personal use only
                        29 November 2016      30 September 2019 537,191              Achievement of KPIs                     $0.68             94

                        29 November 2016      30 September 2019 339,787                                TSR                   $0.41            100

                          10 August 2017      30 September 2020 890,800              Achievement of KPIs                     $0.77             Nil

                          10 August 2017      30 September 2020 157,200                                TSR                   $0.54             Nil

                        29 November 2017      30 September 2020 535,816              Achievement of KPIs                     $1.29             Nil

                        29 November 2017      30 September 2020 360,063                                TSR                   $1.23             Nil

                          16 August 2018            30 June 2020 158,000             Achievement of KPIs                     $1.26             87

                          16 August 2018      30 September 2021 537,200              Achievement of KPIs                     $1.26             Nil

                          16 August 2018      30 September 2021      94,800                            TSR                   $0.85             Nil

                        29 November 2018            30 June 2020 134,980             Achievement of KPIs                     $1.48             83

                        29 November 2018      30 September 2021 377,945              Achievement of KPIs                     $1.48             Nil

                        29 November 2018      30 September 2021 161,976                                TSR                   $1.13             Nil

                         17 October 2019            30 June 2021 158,000             Achievement of KPIs                     $1.15             Nil

                         17 October 2019      30 September 2022 537,200              Achievement of KPIs                     $1.15             Nil

                         17 October 2019      30 September 2022      94,800                            TSR                   $0.71             Nil

                        21 November 2019            30 June 2021 134,199             Achievement of KPIs                     $1.29             Nil

                        21 November 2019      30 September 2022 375,758              Achievement of KPIs                     $1.29             Nil

                        21 November 2019      30 September 2022 161,039                                TSR                   $0.85             Nil


              Information of the performance measures:

                  Achievement of KPIs:          The achievement of certain key business performance indicators linked to matters which the Board believes
                                                are key drivers of shareholder value.
                  Relative TSR (TSR):           As set out on page 28 of the remuneration report.




                                                                      - end of remuneration report -




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   41

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                       41
              Directors’ Report

              Shares under rights                                                              Insurance of officers
              Unissued ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited under                    During the financial year, Starpharma Holdings Limited paid a
              the Employee Performance Rights Plan at the date of this report                  premium to insure the directors and executive officers of the
              are as follows:                                                                  company and related bodies corporate, against certain liabilities
                                                                                               and expenses.
                                                                                 Balance of
                                                                  Number of           rights   In accordance with normal commercial practice, the disclosure of
                                                                      rights      at date of   the amount of premium payable, and the nature of the liabilities




For personal use only
               Grant date                  Vesting date             granted           report   and expenses covered by the policy, is prohibited by a
                                                                                               confidentiality clause in the contract.
               11 Nov 2015                 30 Sep 2018             2,076,800     1,115,794

               11 Nov 2015                 30 Jun 2017                519,200      251,625     Audit & non-audit services
               19 Nov 2015                 30 Sep 2018                893,851      836,260     The company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments
                                                                                               additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s
               19 Nov 2015                 30 Jun 2017                219,395      181,001     expertise and experience with the company and/or the group are
               13 Oct 2016                 30 Jun 2018                594,450      281,314     important. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor
                                                                                               (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit services provided during the
               13 Oct 2016                 30 Sep 2019             2,377,800     1,528,234     year is set out below. There were no non-audit services provided
                                                                                               by the auditor during the financial year.
               29 Nov 2016                 30 Jun 2018                223,022      172,842
                                                                                               During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for
               29 Nov 2016                 30 Sep 2019                876,978      846,281     services provided by the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) of the
                                                                                               company, its related practices and non-related audit firms.
               10 Aug 2017                 30 Jun 2019                694,120      434,260

               10 Aug 2017                 30 Sep 2020             2,776,480     2,451,673                                                       2020          2019
                                                                                               Assurance Services                                   $             $
               29 Nov 2017                 30 Jun 2019                224,121      197,226     Audit or review of financial reports of the
                                                                                               entity or any entity in the group under the    146,462       137,537
               29 Nov 2017                 30 Sep 2020                895,879      895,879     Corporations Act 2001
               16 Aug 2018                 30 Jun 2020                203,500      170,356
                                                                                               No other assurance services, taxation or advisory services have
               16 Aug 2018                 30 Sep 2021                814,000      814,000     been provided by the auditor in either the current or prior year.

               2 Nov 2018                  30 Jun 2020                259,147      210,827
                                                                                               Auditor’s Independence Declaration
               2 Nov 2018                  30 Sep 2021             1,036,587       833,409
                                                                                               A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required
               29 Nov 2018                 30 Jun 2020                134,980      112,708     under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
                                                                                               page 43.
               29 Nov 2018                 30 Sep 2021                539,921      539,921

               17 Oct 2019                 30 Jun 2021                459,767      448,344
                                                                                               Rounding of amounts
               17 Oct 2019                 30 Sep 2022             1,839,067     1,787,575
                                                                                               The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
               21 Nov 2019                 30 Jun 2021                134,199      134,199     (Rounding Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
                                                                                               issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission,
               21 Nov 2019                 30 Sep 2022                536,797      536,797     relating to the “rounding off’’ of amounts in the directors’ report.
                                                                                               Amounts in the directors’ report have been rounded off in
              Performance rights and the resultant shares are granted for nil                  accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or
              consideration.                                                                   in certain cases, the nearest dollar.


              Shares issued on the exercise of vested rights                                   Auditor
              The following ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited                     PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with
              were issued during the year to the date of this report on the                    section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.
              exercise of vested performance rights granted under the Employee
              Performance Rights Plan. The shares are issued for nil                           This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the
              consideration.                                                                   Directors.

                                        Issue price of shares
                                           (Exercise price of              Number of shares
                    Date rights granted                 right)                       issued

                            11 Nov 2015                          $-                296,461     Robert B Thomas AO
                                                                                               Chairman
                             13 Oct 2016                         $-                377,269     Melbourne, 27 August 2020
                            10 Aug 2017                          $-                161,690




               42       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                       42
               Auditor’s Independence Declaration




For personal use only
                        individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                        users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                 We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
               Auditor’s     Independence Declaration
                 opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                   structure
               As lead       of the
                        auditor     Group,
                                for the    itsof
                                        audit  accounting processes
                                                 Starpharma Holdingsand controls
                                                                      Limited forand
                                                                                  thethe industry
                                                                                      year        in which
                                                                                           ended 30        it operates.
                                                                                                     June 2020,   I declare
               that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
                        The Group operates in the biotechnology industry, undertaking development of dendrimer technology
               (a) for
                   no pharmaceutical, life
                       contraventions of   science
                                         the       and
                                             auditor    other applications.
                                                     independence           The Group
                                                                     requirements      owns
                                                                                   of the   a portfolio of
                                                                                          Corporations  Actproprietary
                                                                                                             2001 in relation
                   technology with applications
                   to the audit; and            in different stages between  development  and commercialisation.
               (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
               This declaration is in respect of Starpharma Holdings Limited and the entities it controlled during the
               period.




                                   Materiality                                   Audit scope                        Key audit matters

                   For the purpose of our audit we used            Our audit focused on where the         Amongst other relevant topics, we
                 Brad  Peake
                   overall Group materiality of $0.76                Group made subjective judgements;       communicatedMelbourne
                                                                                                                             the following key
                 Partner
                   million, which represents approximately           for example, significant accounting     audit matters to the2020
                                                                                                                    27 August     Audit and Risk
                 PricewaterhouseCoopers
                   5% of the Group’s adjusted loss before            estimates involving assumptions         Committee:
                        tax.                                         and inherently uncertain future
                                                                     events.                                Disposal of Starpharma
                   We applied this threshold, together with                                                 Agrochemicals
                    qualitative considerations, to determine        All audit procedures are performed     Research and development tax
                    the scope of our audit and the nature,           by PwC Australia, consistent with       incentive
                    timing and extent of our audit procedures        the location of Group management       These are further described in the
                    and to evaluate the effect of                    and financial records.                  Key audit matters section of our
                    misstatements on the financial report as a                                               report.
                    whole.                                          We tailored the scope of our audit
                                                                     taking into account the accounting
                   We chose Group adjusted loss before tax          processes and controls, and the
                    because, in our view, it is the benchmark        industry in which the Group
                    against which the performance of the             operates.
                    Group is most commonly measured. We
                    adjusted for the impact of the gain on
                    disposal of Starpharma Agrochemicals as
                    the financial statement line item is not
                    expected to reoccur and has a
                    disproportionate impact on the earnings
                    result for the period.

                  We utilised a 5% threshold based on our
                   professional judgement, noting it is
                   within the range of commonly acceptable
                   profit related thresholds in the
                   biotechnology industry.
                 PricewaterhouseCoopers,          ABN 52 780 433 757
                 2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                 T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

                 Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.                           Page 80 of 88




                                                                                                              STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   43

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                    43
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the company”) and the Board are          Recommendations. All of these practices, unless otherwise stated,
              committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards         were in place for the entire financial year 2020. The ASX has also
              of corporate governance. The Board guides and monitors the             published a 4th edition of the Corporate Governance Principles and
              company’s activities on behalf of the shareholders. In developing      Recommendations (“4th Edition CGC Recommendations”) for
              policies and setting standards, the Board considers the Australian     reporting on in the FY21 Annual Report. Notwithstanding this,
              Securities Exchange (“ASX”) Corporate Governance Principles            Starpharma already complies with a number of these 4th Edition
              and Recommendations (3rd Edition) (“the 3rd Edition CGC                CGC Recommendations, as detailed below. This Corporate
              Recommendations”).                                                     Governance Statement is available on the company’s website. The
                                                                                     company and its controlled entities together are referred to as the




For personal use only
              The Corporate Governance Statement set out below describes the         group in this statement. This report is current as at 27 August 2020
              company’s current corporate governance principles and practices        and was approved by the Board on that date.
              which the Board considers to comply with the 3rd Edition CGC

              Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for management and oversight
              Relationship between the Board and management                          (CEO) who has been appointed during the year must stand for
              The relationship between the Board and senior management is            election at the next AGM.
              critical to the group’s long-term success. The directors are
              responsible to the shareholders for the performance of the group in    In relation to director tenure, the Board charter provides that it is
              both the short and the longer term and seek to balance sometimes       anticipated that non-executive directors would generally hold office
              competing objectives in the best interests of the group as a whole.    for up to ten years, and shall serve a maximum of fifteen years
              Their focus is to enhance the interests of shareholders and other      from date of first election by shareholders.
              key stakeholders and to ensure the group is properly managed.          The Board, on its initiative and on an exceptional basis, may
              1.1 Responsibilities of the Board                                      exercise discretion to extend this maximum term where it
              The responsibilities of the Board include oversight, accountability    considers that such an extension would benefit the company.
              and approval in relation to certain:                                   Starpharma’s policy on non-executive director tenure is consistent
              -    Strategic issues;                                                 with ASX guidance which acknowledges that shareholders are
              -    Shareholding items;                                               likely to be served well by a mix of directors, including some with a
              -    Financial items;                                                  longer tenure who have accumulated experience and developed a
              -    Expenditure items;                                                ‘corporate memory’ over a substantial period.
              -    Audit related items; and
              -    Board and senior management, delegation and succession.
                                                                                        Director                  Date first elected by shareholders
              Other Board responsibilities include:                                     R B Thomas                November 2014
              -   enhancing and protecting the reputation and culture of the
                  group;                                                                R A Hazleton              November 2007*
              -   overseeing the operation of the group, including its systems          Z Peach                   November 2011
                  for control, accountability, and risk management;                     P R Turvey                November 2012
              -   monitoring financial performance;
                                                                                        J K Fairley               N/A appointed by the Board in 2006
              -   liaising with the company’s auditors;
              -   ensuring there are effective management processes in place            D J McIntyre              N/A appointed by the Board in 2020,
                  and approving major corporate initiatives;                                                       standing for election at 2020 AGM
              -   company values and code of conduct;
                                                                                     * Mr Hazleton was appointed in 2006 prior to being elected by
              -   satisfying itself regarding the risk management framework
                                                                                     shareholders the following year. The Board has considered the
                  and setting risk appetite;
                                                                                     tenure of Mr Hazleton as part of its independence assessment of
              -   overseeing the process for timely and balanced disclosure of
                                                                                     all directors. Despite the length of time served on the Board, Mr
                  material information; and
                                                                                     Hazleton has been assessed as ‘independent’. In determining this,
              -   reporting to shareholders.
                                                                                     the Board took into consideration his physical location in the U.S.,
              Further details regarding the responsibilities of the Board are        whereby there is no suggestion that he is involved in the day-to-
              detailed in the Board charter. The Board’s conduct is governed by      day operations or activities of the senior management team of
              the company’s constitution. Both documents are available at            Starpharma. Mr Hazleton will retire at the 2020 AGM.
              www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
                                                                                     David McIntyre was appointed to the Board on 1 March 2020, and
              1.2 Director appointment and election                                  will stand for election at the 2020 AGM.
              Before appointing a director or putting forward a candidate to
                                                                                     1.3 Written agreements with Directors and Senior Executives
              shareholders for election, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                                                     New directors receive a letter of appointment, which outlines the
              Committee will undertake appropriate background checks. The
                                                                                     company’s expectations of the director in relation to their
              Remuneration and Nomination Committee will also provide all
                                                                                     participation, time commitments and compliance with policies and
              material information which is relevant to whether or not a person
                                                                                     regulatory requirements.
              should be elected or re-elected as a director to the Board for
              provision to shareholders (including in relation to independence
                                                                                     Senior executives and all employees are required to sign
              and a recommendation regarding support or otherwise to the
                                                                                     employment agreements which set out the key terms of their
              candidate’s appointment or election).
                                                                                     employment. All roles have formal position descriptions.
              The other commitments of non-executive directors are routinely
                                                                                     1.4 Responsibilities of the Company Secretary
              reviewed by the Board in addition to being considered by the
                                                                                     The Company Secretary supports the effective functioning of the
              Remuneration and Nomination Committee prior to their
                                                                                     Board and its committees. The Company Secretary is accountable
              appointment to the Board, and are reviewed at least annually. Prior
                                                                                     directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters related to
              to appointment or being submitted for re-election, each non-
                                                                                     the proper functioning of the Board. The specific responsibilities of
              executive director is required to specifically acknowledge that they
                                                                                     the Company Secretary are detailed in the Board charter, which is
              have and will continue to have the time available to discharge their
                                                                                     available at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              responsibilities to the company.
                                                                                     1.5 Diversity objectives and achievement
              The company’s constitution specifies that all non-executive
                                                                                     The company is committed to workplace diversity, and the Board
              directors must retire from office no later than three years or the
                                                                                     values the level of diversity already present within the organisation,
              third annual general meeting (AGM) following their last election
                                                                                     believing that continuing to promote diversity is in the best
              (whichever is longer), and that an election of directors must take
                                                                                     interests of the company, its employees and its shareholders.
              place each year. Any director, excluding the Managing Director

               44       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                            44
              Corporate Governance Statement

              The Board last revised its Diversity Policy in March 2020, which
              operates alongside the Code of Conduct (including Anti-                         The company recognises the corporate benefits of diversity of its
              Discrimination, Bullying and Harassment) policy, providing a                    workforce and the Board, and realises the importance of being
              framework for Starpharma to achieve a number of diversity                       able to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest
              objectives. The Diversity Policy is available at                                possible pool of available talent. In accordance with the Diversity
              www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                                         Policy, the Board has established measurable objectives for
                                                                                              achieving gender diversity and has conducted an assessment of
              Independent of external corporate governance initiatives, the                   the objectives and progress in achieving them.
              company has embraced a culture of inclusion and equal
              opportunity across diversity areas recognised as potentially                    Objectives set by the Board for the 2020 financial year, and




For personal use only
              impacting upon equality in the workplace, with a focus on gender                progress against these objectives is set out below:
              but without limiting other aspects of diversity.



                   Objective                           Measurement                                      FY20 Performance

                   Female participation/talent         Achieve greater than 40% female                  50% of CEO minus 2 positions are held by females.
                   pipeline                            participation for direct reports to the CEO
                                                       or senior executives (CEO minus 2).

                                                       Actively support and encourage training,         Professional development opportunities and options
                                                       networking and development opportunities         that are aligned with the company’s needs and the
                                                       for high potential employees.                    individual’s role are considered for all employees as
                                                                                                        part of the company’s annual performance review
                                                                                                        process and as needed during the year. Investments
                                                                                                        in formal/external development programs are made
                                                                                                        where appropriate and in FY20, 58 professional
                                                                                                        development programs including conferences were
                                                                                                        attended by female employees across all levels of the
                                                                                                        organisation.
                                                                                                        The company also continues to support participation of
                                                                                                        all female staff in a biotech industry networking
                                                                                                        initiative, which included presentations by industry role
                                                                                                        models, however in FY20 this event was impacted by
                                                                                                        COVID-19 and was postponed.

                   Equal opportunity employer          Inclusion of female candidates in                Female candidates participated in every recruitment
                                                       recruitment process for each role with           process throughout FY20. 57% of the positions
                                                       female applicants, including for Board           advertised and filled externally were filled with female
                                                       appointments.                                    candidates.

                                                       Consistent and merit-based selection             100% of successful candidates were selected on
                                                       criteria and recruitment processes used          merit-based criteria after taking part in Starpharma’s
                                                       when choosing successful candidates in           selection process.
                                                       all cases.

                   Remuneration parity                 Ensure no significant remuneration               Analysis was completed of pre- and post-remuneration
                                                       difference for individuals in similar roles,     review “remuneration differentials to benchmarks” by
                                                       based on gender.                                 gender, and confirmed there were no significant
                                                                                                        gender differences in remuneration relative to role
                                                                                                        benchmarks.

                   Flexible working arrangements       Employees working under flexible working         18% of employees work under flexible working
                                                       arrangements (including part time).              arrangements, unrelated to the COVID-19 restrictions.

                                                       Granting a majority of requests for flexible     Mutually satisfactory flexible work arrangements were
                                                       work arrangements for family                     reviewed and agreed between the requesting
                                                       responsibilities.                                employee and the company in 100% of cases during
                                                                                                        FY20.

                   Support a return to work after      Target a return to work following primary        No employees were due to return from primary care
                   parental leave                      care parental leave of 75%.                      parental leave during FY20. Three employees went on
                                                                                                        primary care parental leave during this period.



              Just under half (49%) of Starpharma’s employees are female,                     Starpharma continues to have a high level of both gender and
              maintaining a similar gender representation to that of previous                 general diversity, however given the relatively small number of
              years. As captured in Starpharma’s diversity objectives (above),                total employees, a change of one or few employees may have a
              the company strives to put in place measures, such as flexible                  significant impact on the company’s performance in respect of the
              working arrangements, specifically to encourage participation by                measurable diversity objectives.
              all. The table below sets out the proportion of female employees in
              the whole organisation, in leadership/management roles, in senior               Starpharma is also proud of the ethnic diversity of our employee
              executive positions and on the Board as at July 2020.                           population, with 45% of all employees born outside Australia in 15
                                                                                              different countries.




                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   45

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                          45
              Corporate Governance Statement

                                                                                         1.6 Board, committee and director performance
                                                                                         The performance of the Board and its committees are reviewed
                    % Female                                    2020          2019       each year by the Chairman based on the completion of a formal
                                                                                         feedback questionnaire by each director. The summarised results
                Whole organisation (staff and             49% (24/49)      50% (24/48)   are then reported back to and discussed by the Board. This
                Board)                                                                   performance evaluation took place in FY20.

                                                                                         1.7 CEO and senior executive performance
                Leadership/management roles               50% (9/18)       60% (12/20)
                                                                                         Performance assessments for senior executives take place




For personal use only
                                                                                         annually and took place during the year. Performance review
                Senior executive (CEO &                   43% (3/7)        43% (3/7)     timing of executives occur throughout July/August in respect of the
                direct reports)                                                          prior financial year. The process for these assessments is
                                                                                         described in the remuneration report under the heading
                Board                                     33% (2/6)        40% (2/5)     “Remuneration governance” on page 21 of this report.

                                                                                         As part of the Board discussion on executive performance,
                                                                                         directors give consideration to succession planning and
                                                                                         development to ensure continuity and a smooth leadership
                                                                                         transition in the event of senior executive movements. Separate
                                                                                         succession planning discussions are also held as appropriate
                                                                                         during the year.


              Principle 2: Structure the Board to add value
              2.1 Board committees                                                       -    Provision and oversight of induction and training development
              The Board has established two committees to assist in the                       opportunities for directors;and
              execution of its duties and to allow detailed consideration of             -    Minimum shareholding requirements for non-executive
              complex issues. The appropriateness of the committee structure                  directors (if any).
              and membership is reviewed on an annual basis. Board
              committees are chaired by an independent director other than the           The Remuneration and Nomination Committee charter is available
              Chairman of the Board. Where applicable, matters determined by
                                                                                         at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              committees are submitted to the full Board as recommendations
              for Board decisions.                                                       2.1.2 Audit and Risk committee
                                                                                         The Audit and Risk Committee is comprised of four independent
              The committees established by the Board are:                               non-executive directors. At the date of this report the committee
              -   Remuneration and Nomination Committee; and                             consisted of the following:
              -   Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                                                                   Mr P Turvey (Chairman)
              Each committee’s charter sets out its role, responsibilities,                        Mr R B Thomas
              composition and structure. The committee charters are reviewed
                                                                                                   Mr R Hazleton
              annually and were last reviewed in March 2020. Committee                             Mr D McIntyre
              charters are available at
              www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
                                                                                         Details of these directors’ qualifications and attendance at
                                                                                         committee meetings are set out in the directors’ report on pages
              Both committees report regularly to the Board and minutes of               13 to 19.
              committee meetings are provided to the Board.
                                                                                         Each member of the Audit and Risk Committee is financially
              2.1.1 Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                literate, and jointly possess a number of relevant finance
              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee is composed of                   qualifications and experience. As a collective, the members of the
              three independent non-executive directors. At the date of this             Audit and Risk Committee between them have substantial
              report the committee consisted of the following:                           financial, accounting and risk management related/technical
                                                                                         expertise, as well as a sufficient understanding of the
                             Ms Z Peach (Chairman)                                       biotechnology industry, to be able to discharge the committee’s
                             Mr R B Thomas                                               mandate effectively. Members have held relevant senior positions
                             Mr R Hazleton                                               in finance and risk management in large, complex international
                                                                                         companies and are or have been members of other ASX-listed
              Details of these directors’ qualifications and attendance at               company audit committees. Such positions include chief financial
              committee meetings are set out in the directors’ report on pages           officer, financial controller, director of finance, chief accounting
              13 to 19.                                                                  officer, head of risk management and Chairman of Corporate Risk
                                                                                         Management Committee, and broker/analyst roles. Mr McIntyre is
              The charter of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee deals             a CPA, and Mr Thomas is approved under the NSW
              with items, to the extent delegated by the Board, related to               prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk Committee Independent
              reviewing and making recommendations to the Board in respect of            Chairs and Members for government/public sector agencies.
              the following:
              -     Board and director candidate identification, appointments,           The Board continually reviews committee membership to ensure
                    elections, composition, independence, tenure and                     the appropriate qualifications, skills and experience, which are
                    succession;                                                          currently optimal.
              -     Remuneration and incentive policies and practices generally;
                                                                                         The committee meets at least twice a year, and has direct access
              -     Remuneration packages and other terms of employment for              to the company’s auditor.
                    executive directors, other senior executives and non-
                    executive directors;                                                 The charter of the Audit and Risk Committee deals with items, to
              -     The succession of the CEO and other senior executives;               the extent delegated by the Board, related to reviewing and
              -     Diversity related items;                                             making recommendations to the Board in respect of the following:
              -     Board skills matrix;                                                 -    Annual report, half-year financial report and financial
              -     Background checks for director candidates;                                forecasts or guidance given to the market;



               46       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                 46
              Corporate Governance Statement

              -         Systems of risk management and internal controls and review   – at any point in time, its membership represents an appropriate
                        and recommendations on certain material exposure;               balance between directors with experience and knowledge of the
              -         All aspects related to the external auditor;                    group and directors with an external or fresh perspective; and
              -         Related party transactions;                                   – the size of the Board is appropriate for the company and
              -         Material incidents; and                                         conducive to effective discussion and efficient decision-making.
              -         Insurance.
                                                                                      The Board reviews the commitments of each non-executive
                                                                                      director, such as other directorships, to consider each director’s
              The Audit and Risk Committee charter is available at
                                                                                      capacity to dedicate sufficient time to the company.
              www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance




For personal use only
                                                                                      Starpharma’s CEO also sits on the board of listed small-cap
              2.2 Board skills
                                                                                      investment company Mirrabooka as a non-executive director. This
              Part of the role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is
                                                                                      external post exposes both Dr Fairley and Starpharma to insights
              to assist the Board to review Board composition and succession
                                                                                      from institutional investors and further extends the company’s
              planning. Both the Board and the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                                                      network and provides her with a different vantage point. Dr Fairley
              Committee work to ensure that the Board continues to have the
                                                                                      remains fully committed to her CEO role at Starpharma and the
              right balance and mix of diversity (including gender), skills,
                                                                                      Board has carefully considered the time commitment to ensure her
              experience, background and independence necessary to
                                                                                      leadership of Starpharma is not impacted.
              discharge its responsibilities.
                                                                                      Prior to David McIntyre’s appointment, the Remuneration and
              The current composition of Starpharma’s Board includes directors
                                                                                      Nomination Committee and Board considered David’s executive
              with core industry experience, as well as senior finance and risk
                                                                                      and non-executive roles. There was no question as to the
              management experience, essential for the Audit and Risk
                                                                                      commitment that he would provide to the role and his impressive
              Committee.
                                                                                      skills and industry experience which would provide significant
                                                                                      benefit to Starpharma.
              A skills and experience matrix is used to review the combined
              capabilities of the Board. A mix of general and specialty skills and
                                                                                      2.4 Directors’ independence
              experience areas critical to the success of the company are
                                                                                      The Board charter contains guidelines for assessing the materiality
              selected for directors to assess themselves against. Each area is
                                                                                      of directors’ relationships that may affect their independence.
              closely linked to the company’s core objectives and strategy.
                                                                                      These guidelines are aligned with the 3rd Edition CGC
                                                                                      Recommendations. The Board charter is available at
              The directors rated the depth of their skill and experience in each
                                                                                      www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              of the following areas:
                                                                                      The Board reviews the independence of directors before they are
                        1.    Leadership in Healthcare and/or Scientific Research;
                                                                                      appointed, on an annual basis and at any other time where the
                        2.    Pharmaceutical/Product Development;
                                                                                      circumstances of a director change such as to require
                        3.    International experience;
                                                                                      reassessment. The Board has determined that all non-executive
                        4.    Regulation/Public Policy;
                                                                                      directors are independent at the date of this report. Refer to
                        5.    Licensing and commercialisation of innovation;
                                                                                      Section 1.2 for additional information on the independence of Mr
                        6.    Science and Technology
                                                                                      Hazleton.
                        7.    Sales, Marketing and Business Development;
                        8.    Governance;
                                                                                      The CEO is not considered independent by virtue of being an
                        9.    Strategy & Risk Management;
                                                                                      executive director and a member of management.
                        10.   Accounting/Corporate Finance;
                        11.   Health, Safety & Environment;
                                                                                      2.5 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
                        12.   Remuneration;
                                                                                      The current Chairman, Mr Thomas, is an independent non-
                        13.   M&A/Capital Markets; and
                                                                                      executive director appointed in 2013 and Chairman in June 2014.
                        14.   Audit and Risk.
                                                                                      The CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley, was appointed as a director and CEO
                                                                                      on 1 July 2006. The Chairman is responsible for leading the Board,
              The results of the matrix show that there are three or more
                                                                                      ensuring directors are properly briefed in all matters relevant to
              directors with intermediate to deep skills and experience in each of
                                                                                      their role and responsibilities, facilitating Board discussions and
              the fourteen areas above.
                                                                                      managing the Board’s relationship with the company’s senior
                                                                                      executives. The Board has established the functions delegated to
              The breadth and depth of the desired skills and experience
                                                                                      the CEO. The CEO is responsible for implementing company
              represented by the directors is notable considering the size of the
                                                                                      strategies and policies, and for the day to day business operations
              Board, and no existing or projected competency gaps have been
                                                                                      of the group in accordance with the strategic objectives of the
              identified. This process provides an important input to succession
                                                                                      group as approved by the Board from time to time.
              planning for the Board.
                                                                                      In accordance with current practice, the Board’s policy is for the
              Having regard to the current and future activities of the company,
                                                                                      roles of Chairman and CEO to be undertaken by separate people.
              the Board considers that collectively it has the appropriate skills
              and experience in each area.
                                                                                      2.6 Director induction and professional development
                                                                                      The Remuneration and Nomination Committee oversees, reviews
              2.3 Board members
                                                                                      and make recommendations to the Board in relation to the
              Details of the members of the Board, their experience,
                                                                                      induction, training and development of non-executive directors, to
              qualifications, term of office and independence status are set out in
                                                                                      ensure they have access to appropriate learning and development
              the directors’ report under the heading “Information on Directors”.
                                                                                      opportunities to develop and maintain the skills and knowledge
              There are five non-executive directors, all of whom are deemed
                                                                                      required to effectively perform in their role as a director.
              independent under the principles set out below, and one executive
              director, at the date of signing the directors’ report. The Board
                                                                                      The Board receives regular updates at Board meetings and Board
              seeks to ensure that:
                                                                                      workshops which assist directors in keeping up to date with
                                                                                      relevant market and industry developments.




                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   47

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                  47
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Principle 3: Act ethically and responsibly
              3.1 Code of conduct
              The directors are committed to the principles underpinning best
              practice in corporate governance, with a commitment to the             The code of conduct is reviewed periodically and was last updated
              highest standards of legislative compliance and financial and          in March 2020. The code of conduct covers employment practices,
              ethical behaviour. The company has established a code of conduct       equal opportunity, harassment and bullying, conflicts of interest,
              reflecting the core values of the company and setting out the          use of company assets and disclosure of confidential information.
              standards of ethical behaviour expected of directors, officers and     During the year, aspects related to whistleblowing and anti-bribery




For personal use only
              employees in all dealings and relationships including with             and corruption were separated from the code of conduct and
              shareholders, contractors, customers and suppliers, and with the       embodied in separate specific policies. The code of conduct is
              company. The code of conduct is provided to new starters as part       available at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.
              of their induction and behaviour is continually monitored to ensure
              compliance.


              Principle 4: Safeguard integrity in financial reporting
              4.1 Audit and Risk Committee                                           4.3 External auditors
              The company has established an Audit and Risk Committee                The company’s policy is to appoint external auditor who clearly
              consisting of four independent non-executive directors. Details        demonstrates quality and independence. The performance of the
              regarding composition, meetings and charter are set out in             external auditor is reviewed annually. The current auditor,
              sections 2.1 and 2.1.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement.         PricewaterhouseCoopers, has been the external auditor of the
                                                                                     company since it commenced operations. It is
              4.2 CEO and CFO Declarations for financial statements                  PricewaterhouseCoopers’ policy to rotate audit engagement
              Before the Board approves the company’s financial statements for       partners on listed companies at least every five years, with a new
              the half year or full year, the CEO and CFO are required to provide    audit engagement partner for FY20. An analysis of fees paid to the
              a declaration that, in their opinion, the financial records of the     external auditor is provided in note 19 to the financial statements.
              entity have been properly maintained and that the financial
              statements comply with the appropriate accounting standards and        It is the policy of the external auditor to provide an annual
              give a true and fair view of the financial position and performance    declaration of their independence to the Audit and Risk
              of the entity and that the opinion has been formed on the basis of a   Committee. The external auditor attends each AGM and is
              sound system of risk management and internal control which is          available to answer questions shareholders may have in relation to
              operating effectively.                                                 the Auditor’s Report and the conduct of the audit.

              These declarations have been provided by the CEO and CFO to
              the Board in respect of the 2020 half year financial statements and
              the 2020 full year financial statements which are included in this
              annual report.


              Principle 5: Make timely and balanced disclosures
              5.1. Continuous disclosure                                             Procedures have been established for reviewing whether there is
              The company has developed a continuous disclosure and                  any price sensitive information that should be disclosed to the
              shareholder communication policy to ensure compliance with the         market or whether any price sensitive information may have been
              ASX Listing Rules and to facilitate effective communication with       inadvertently disclosed.
              shareholders.
                                                                                     Except in exceptional circumstances, all ASX announcements
              The Board has appointed the Company Secretary as the person            (other than standard compliance announcements or newsletters
              responsible for disclosure of information to the ASX. The CEO and      with no new material information) require the approval of the
              Company Secretary are responsible for ensuring that all                Chairman, or another non-executive director in his absence.
              announcements made by Starpharma to the ASX are accurate,
              balanced and comply with legal and ASX requirements, and are           The Board receives copies of all ASX announcements prior to
              expressed in a clear and objective manner that allows an investor      lodgement with ASX.
              or its professional advisers to understand its ramifications and to
              assess its impact on the price or value of Starpharma securities.      A copy of the policy is available on the company’s website at
                                                                                     www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              The policy also sets out the requirements for ensuring compliance
              with the continuous disclosure requirements of the ASX Listing
              Rules and overseeing and co-ordinating disclosure to the ASX,
              analysts, brokers, shareholders, the media and the public.



              Principle 6: Respect the rights of shareholders
              6.1 Information on website                                             by the ASX of receipt of the announcement, the company will send
              The company provides ready access to its shareholders and              to each shareholder who has so requested, either by post or email
              members of the public to information about the company and its         to their nominated address, annual reports.
              governance on its website at www.starpharma.com
                                                                                     ASX announcements are also posted on the OTCQX website
              6.2 Communication with investors                                       (www.otcqx.com) in order to provide timely disclosure to US
              The company recognises that shareholders may not be aware of           investors trading in the company’s Level One ADRs
              all company developments at all times, notwithstanding the release     (OTCQX:SPHRY). The company’s website also has an option for
              of information to the ASX in accordance with the company’s             shareholders to register their email address for direct email
              continuous disclosure policy and the law. In addition to ensuring      updates which the company may send for material company
              that all ASX announcements and company reports are available on        matters to, where they have previously been released to ASX and
              the company’s website as soon as possible following confirmation       OTCQX.

              48   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
              Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                        48
              Corporate Governance Statement

              6.3 Participation at Annual General Meetings                             All resolutions at AGMs are voted on by poll rather than by show of
              The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is generally held in November           hands.
              each year. The Notice of Meeting and related Explanatory Notes
              are distributed to shareholders in accordance with the                   6.4 Electronic communication with the company and its share
              requirements of the Corporations Act.                                    registry
                                                                                       Shareholders and other interested parties are able to subscribe to
              The AGM provides an opportunity for the Board to communicate             Starpharma news via the company’s website or to certain
              with shareholders through the Chairman’s address and the CEO’s           information via the company’s share registry. Significant ASX
              presentation.                                                            announcements and financial reports are emailed to subscribers




For personal use only
                                                                                       promptly following confirmation by the ASX of receipt of the
              Shareholders are given the opportunity, through the Chairman, to         relevant report or announcement.
              ask general questions of the Board. Shareholders who are unable
              to attend the meeting in person may submit written questions             Shareholders are also able to contact the company or submit
              together with their proxy form, to be addressed in the Chairman’s        questions or comments to the company’s investor relations email
              address, CEO’s presentation or put to the meeting by the                 address, and where appropriate, a response will be provided. No
              Chairman. The external auditor attends each AGM and is available         price sensitive information will be provided unless previously
              to answer questions shareholders may have in relation to the             released to the ASX.
              Auditor’s Report and the conduct of the audit.

              Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk
              7.1. Audit and Risk Committee                                            policies for the oversight of material business risks, and describes
              The company has established an Audit and Risk Committee                  the responsibilities and authorities of the Board, the Audit and Risk
              consisting of four independent non-executive directors. Details          Committee, the CEO, CFO & Company Secretary, and the senior
              regarding composition, meetings and charter are set out in section       management team. A summary of the policy is available on the
              2.1 and 2.1.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement.                    company’s website at
                                                                                       www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              7.2 Risk assessment and management
              The Board, through the Audit and Risk Committee, is responsible          The CEO and CFO & Company Secretary are responsible to the
              for ensuring there are adequate policies in relation to risk             Board through the Audit and Risk Committee for the overall
              management, compliance and internal control systems. The                 implementation of the risk management program. During the
              company operates in a challenging and dynamic environment, and           financial year management has reported to the Board as to the
              risk management is viewed as integral to realising new                   effectiveness of the group’s management of its material risks.
              opportunities as well as identifying issues that may have an
              adverse effect on the company’s existing operations and its              7.3 Internal audit function
              sustainability. The company is committed to a proactive approach         Given the size of the company, there is no internal audit function.
              towards risk management throughout its entire business                   As detailed in section 7.2, detailed risk assessments are carried
              operations. The Board aims to ensure that effective risk                 out in respect of a wide range of items, and where appropriate and
              management practices become embedded in the company’s                    possible, risk mitigation strategies are implemented to minimise
              culture and in the way activities are carried out at all levels of the   the chance of the risks occurring, and to minimise any impact
              company. The Board and management recognise the importance               where a risk eventuates.
              that risk management plays in ensuring the business is able to fully
              capitalise on the opportunities available to it, as well as mitigating   7.4 Sustainability risks and management
              potential loss.                                                          The company’s key economic, environmental and social
                                                                                       sustainability risks are outlined on pages 18 to 19 of the directors’
              Health and safety are considered to be of paramount importance           report under the heading ‘Material Business Risks’.
              and are the focus of significant risk management activities within
              the company. Other risk areas that are addressed include product         In addition to the risk assessment and management strategies
              liability, business continuity and disaster recovery, reputation,        outlined in section 7.2 and set out in the Environmental, Social and
              intellectual property, product development and clinical trials.          Governance (“ESG”) section on page 12 of the annual report, as
              Adherence to the code of conduct is required at all times and the        well as in the ESG Report available on Starpharma’s website, the
              Board actively promotes a culture of quality and integrity. The          company utilises a number of risk mitigation strategies including
              Board has required management to design and implement a risk             employing qualified staff and consultants, external advisors,
              management and internal control system to manage the group’s             maintaining a portfolio/pipeline of products and applications, and
              material business risks. The risk management policy sets out             holding insurance in a number of areas.


              Principle 8: Remunerate fairly and responsible
              8.1 Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                Executive directors and senior management receive a mix of fixed
              The company has established a Remuneration and Nomination                and variable pay, comprising both cash and equity incentives.
              Committee consisting of three independent non-executive
              directors. Details regarding composition, meetings and charter are       Non-executive directors receive fees only and do not receive
              set out in sections 2.1 and 2.1.1 of this Corporate Governance           bonus payments or equity incentives. Non-executive directors do
              Statement.                                                               not receive termination/retirement benefits, whereas executive
                                                                                       directors and senior management are entitled to termination
              8.2 Non-executive and executive remuneration                             payments in accordance with the terms of their contracts (detailed
              Each member of the senior executive team has signed a formal             on page 39).
              employment contract covering a range of matters including their
              duties, rights, responsibilities and any entitlements on termination.    8.3 Prohibition on hedging of unvested/restricted entitlements
              Each role has a position description which is reviewed by the CEO        Employees are prohibited from entering into transactions in
              (or the committee in the case of the CEO) and relevant executive.        products which limit the economic risk of any equity granted under
              Further information on directors’ and executives’ remuneration,          an employee incentive scheme which are unvested or subject to a
              including principles used to determine remuneration, is set out in       disposal restriction. Details in relation to this policy are contained
              the remuneration report on pages 20 to 41.                               in the securities dealing policy which is available at
                                                                                       www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance




                                                                                                                                                                49
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                                                                               49
               Annual Financial Report for the year ended 30 June 2020



               Contents

                •            Consolidated Income Statement                                                                                                      51

                •            Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                                     52




For personal use only
                •            Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                                                         53

                •            Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                        54

                •            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                                                               55

                •            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                     56

                •            Directors’ Declaration                                                                                                             79

                •            Independent Audit Report to the Members                                                                                            80




               These financial statements are the consolidated financial statements for the consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited and
               its subsidiaries. The financial statements are presented in Australian currency. Starpharma Holdings Limited is a company limited by shares,
               incorporated and domiciled in Australia.

               Its registered office and principal place of business is:

                              Starpharma Holdings Limited
                              4-6 Southampton Crescent
                              Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067
                              Australia

               A description of the nature of the group’s operations and its principal activities is included in the CEO’s Report on pages 3 to 11 and in the
               operating and financial review in the directors’ report on pages 16 to 19, which are not part of this financial report.

               The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 27 August 2020. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the
               financial report.

               Through the use of the internet, Starpharma ensures that corporate reporting is timely and complete. All recent press releases, financial reports
               and other information are available on its website: www.starpharma.com




               50       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                   50
              Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended 30 June 2020


                                                                                                          30 June 2020                        30 June 2019
                                                                                      Notes                          $'000                              $'000

                Continuing operations
                Revenue                                                                 5                            6,556                             2,708
                Cost of goods sold                                                                                   (890)                              (251)




For personal use only
                Other income                                                            5                              559                                    12
                Research and product development expense
                (net of R&D tax incentive)                                              6                          (14,808)                         (10,454)
                Commercial and regulatory operating expense                             6                           (3,426)                           (3,774)
                Corporate, administration and finance expense                           6                           (2,669)                           (2,495)
                Loss before income tax                                                                             (14,678)                         (14,254)
                Income tax expense                                                      7                                 -                                    -
                Loss from continuing operations attributable to equity holders
                of the company                                                                                     (14,678)                         (14,254)




                Loss per share for loss from continuing operations attributable
                to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                                            $                                     $
                Basic loss per share                                                    25                          ($0.04)                           ($0.04)
                Diluted loss per share                                                  25                          ($0.04)                           ($0.04)


              The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                   51
                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020    51
              Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 30 June 2020


                                                                                                              30 June 2020          30 June 2019
                                                                                       Notes                          $'000                $'000

                 Loss for the period                                                                               (14,678)             (14,254)


                 Other comprehensive income (loss)
                 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss                                                         -                    -




For personal use only
                 Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                         -                    -
                 Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                  (14,678)             (14,254)


              The above statement of consolidated comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                   52
               52       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
              Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2020


                                                                                                       30 June 2020                           30 June 2019
                                                                              Notes                               $'000                                 $'000

                 Current Assets
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                      8                                30,054                               41,251
                 Trade and other receivables                                    9                                 6,128                                 6,159




For personal use only
                 Inventories                                                    10                                 494                                    399
                 Total Current Assets                                                                            36,676                               47,809


                 Non-Current Assets
                 Property, plant and equipment                                  11                                 877                                  1,050
                 Right-of-use assets                                            13                                1,525                                        -
                 Total Non-Current Assets                                                                         2,402                                 1,050
                 Total Assets                                                                                    39,078                               48,859


                 Current Liabilities
                 Trade and other payables                                       12                                4,472                                 4,917
                 Lease liabilities                                              13                                 604                                        26
                 Provision for employee benefits                                14                                1,184                                 1,056
                 Deferred income                                                5                                  437                                    427
                 Total Current Liabilities                                                                        6,697                                 6,426


                 Non-Current Liabilities
                 Lease liabilities                                              13                                 970                                         -
                 Provision for employee benefits                                14                                  85                                        38
                 Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                                    1,055                                       38
                 Total Liabilities                                                                                7,752                                 6,464
                 Net Assets                                                                                      31,326                               42,395


                 Equity
                 Contributed capital                                            15                              193,661                              193,621
                 Reserves                                                       16                               20,340                               16,775
                 Accumulated losses                                             17                          (182,675)                              (168,001)
                 Total Equity                                                                                    31,326                               42,395


              The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                   53
                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020    53
              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 30 June 2020


                                                                                            Contributed       Reserves      Accumulated        Total
                                                                                                 capital                         losses
                                                                                                                                              equity
                                                                           Notes                   $'000           $'000             $'000     $'000

                 Balance at 1 July 2018                                                          193,583         13,440          (153,746)    53,277
                 Loss for the year                                                                      -              -          (14,254)   (14,254)




For personal use only
                 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                      -              -                 -            -
                 Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                         -              -          (14,254)   (14,254)
                 Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                 Employee share plans                                       15                        38               -                 -           38
                 Employee performance rights plan                           16                          -          3,334                 -     3,334
                 Total transactions with owners                                                       38           3,334                 -     3,372
                 Balance at 30 June 2019                                                         193,621         16,775          (168,001)    42,395
                 Application of AASB 16 Leases                                                          -              -                 4            4

                 Restated total equity at 1 July 2019                                            193,621         16,775          (167,997)    42,399
                 Loss for the year                                                                      -              -          (14,678)   (14,678)
                 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                      -              -                 -            -
                 Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                         -              -          (14,678)   (14,678)
                 Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                 Employee share plans                                       15                        40               -                 -           40
                 Employee performance rights plan                           16                          -          3,565                 -     3,565
                 Total transactions with owners                                                       40           3,565                 -     3,605
                 Balance at 30 June 2020                                                         193,661         20,340          (182,675)    31,326


              The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                    54
               54       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 30 June 2020


                                                                                                             30 June 2020                      30 June 2019
                                                                                     Notes                            $'000                              $'000

                Cash Flows from Operating Activities
                Receipts from trade and other debtors (inclusive of GST)                                              7,229                              2,807
                Grant income and R&D tax incentives (inclusive of GST)                                                5,261                              4,019




For personal use only
                Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                             (23,749)                          (18,244)
                Interest received                                                                                         562                            1,076
                Interest paid                                                                                             (79)                                 (2)
                Net cash outflows from operating activities                            24                          (10,776)                          (10,344)


                Cash Flow from Investing Activities
                Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                             (125)                             (314)
                Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale financial assets                                                    -                                  8

                Net cash outflows from investing activities                                                            (125)                             (306)


                Cash Flow from Financing Activities
                Lease repayments                                                      1(x)                             (584)                              (26)
                Net cash outflows from financing activities                                                            (584)                              (26)


                Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents held                                          (11,485)                          (10,676)
                Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                               41,251                            51,319
                Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                             288                              608
                Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                     30,054                            41,251


              The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                    55
                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020     55
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020


              Contents

               1.       Significant Accounting Policies                                                          57

               2.       Financial Risk Management                                                                62




For personal use only
               3.       Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements                                             63

               4.       Segment Information                                                                      63

               5.       Revenue and Other Income                                                                 63

               6.       Expenses                                                                                 64

               7.       Income Tax Expense                                                                       65

               8.       Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents                                               66

               9.       Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables                                             67

               10.      Current Assets – Inventories                                                             67

               11.      Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment                                       68

               12.      Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables                                           69

               13.      Current and Non-Current Assets/Liabilities – Leases                                      69

               14.      Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits                    70

               15.      Contributed Equity                                                                       70

               16.      Reserves                                                                                 71

               17.      Accumulated Losses                                                                       71

               18.      Related Party Transactions                                                               71

               19.      Remuneration of Auditors                                                                 72

               20.      Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date                                            72

               21.      Commitments                                                                              72

               22.      Contingencies                                                                            72

               23.      Subsidiaries                                                                             72

               24.      Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities   73

               25.      Earnings Per Share                                                                       73

               26.      Share-Based Payments                                                                     74

               27.      Parent Entity Financial Information                                                      78




              Starpharma
              56           Holdings
                   STARPHARMA        Limited
                              HOLDINGS LIMITED |Annual  Report2020
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT  2020                                             56
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              1. Significant Accounting Policies

              The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of         (vi) Going Concern
              these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These
                                                                                      For the year ended 30 June 2020, the consolidated entity has
              policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
                                                                                      incurred losses from continuing operations of $14,678,000 (2019:
              unless otherwise stated. The financial statements are for the
                                                                                      $14,254,000) and experienced net cash outflows of $10,776,000
              consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited and
                                                                                      from operations (2019: $10,344,000), as disclosed in the income
              its subsidiaries (the group).
                                                                                      statement and statement of cash flows, respectively. The company




For personal use only
                                                                                      is in the development and early commercialisation phase, and
              (a) Basis of preparation                                                given the entity’s strategic plans, the directors are satisfied
              These general purpose financial statements have been prepared           regarding the availability of working capital for the period up to at
              in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and                  least 31 August 2021. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the
              Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards           financial report on a going concern basis in the belief that the
              Board and the Corporations Act 2001. Starpharma Holdings                consolidated entity will realise its assets and settle its liabilities and
              Limited is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the         commitments in the normal course of business and for at least the
              financial statements.                                                   amounts stated in the financial report.

              (i) Compliance with IFRS                                                (b) Principles of consolidation
              The consolidated financial statements of the group also comply          (i) Subsidiaries
              with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued       The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and
              by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                 liabilities of all subsidiaries of Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                      (“company” or “parent entity”) as at 30 June 2020 and the results
              (ii) New and amended standards adopted by the group                     of all subsidiaries for the year then ended. Starpharma Holdings
                                                                                      Limited and its subsidiaries together are referred to in this financial
              The group has applied the following standards and amendments
                                                                                      report as the group or the consolidated entity.
              for the first time for the annual reporting period commencing 1 July
              2019:
              •     AASB 16 Leases                                                    Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over
                                                                                      which the group has control. The group controls an entity when the
              •     AASB 2017-6 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                                                                                      group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                    Standards – Prepayment Features with Negative
                                                                                      involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
                    Compensation
                                                                                      returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
              •     AASB 2017-7 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                                                                                      Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control
                    Standards – Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint
                                                                                      is transferred to the group. They are deconsolidated from the date
                    Ventures
                                                                                      that control ceases.
              •     AASB 2018-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                    Standards – Annual Improvements 2015-2017 Cycle                   Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on
              •     AASB 2018-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting                   transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised
                    Standards – Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement             losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
              •     Interpretation 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments.         evidence of the impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting
                                                                                      policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to
              The group had to change its accounting policies as a result of          ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the group.
              adopting AASB 16. The group elected to adopt the new rules
              retrospectively but recognised the cumulative effect of initially
              applying the new standard on 1 July 2019. This is disclosed in note     (c) Segment reporting
              1(x). The other amendments listed above did not have any impact         Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
              on the amounts recognised in the current or prior periods and are       internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker.
              not expected to significantly affect the future periods.                The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for
                                                                                      allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
              (iii) Early adoption of standards                                       segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer.
              The group has not elected to apply any pronouncements before
              their operative date in the annual reporting period beginning           (d) Foreign currency translation
              1 July 2019.                                                            (i) Functional and presentation currency
                                                                                      Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s
              (iv) Historical cost convention                                         entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
              These financial statements have been prepared under the                 environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’).
              historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian
              available-for-sale financial assets, financial assets and liabilities   dollars, which is Starpharma Holdings Limited’s functional and
              (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit or      presentation currency.
              loss, certain classes of property, plant and equipment and
              investment property.                                                    (ii) Transactions and balances
                                                                                      Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional
              (v) Critical accounting estimates                                       currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
                                                                                      transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from
              The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain     the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at
              critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to           year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities
              exercise its judgement in the process of applying the group’s           denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.
              accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of
              judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and                 Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are
              estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed     presented in the income statement, within finance costs. All other
              in note 3.                                                              foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the income
                                                                                      statement on a net basis within other income or other expenses.




                                                                                                             STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   57

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                    57
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              1. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)                            the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of
                                                                                        interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
              (e) Revenue Recognition                                                   The property, plant and equipment acquired under finance leases
              The accounting policies for the group’s revenue from contracts            was depreciated over the asset’s useful life, or over the shorter of
              with customers are explained in note 5.                                   the asset’s useful life and the lease term if there is no reasonable
                                                                                        certainty that the group will obtain ownership at the end of the
                                                                                        lease term.
              (f) Government Grants
              Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value             Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of
              where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be              ownership were not transferred to the group as lessee were




For personal use only
              received and the group will comply with all attached conditions.          classified as operating leases (note 21). Payments made under
              Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised           operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor)
              in income statement over the period necessary to match them with          were charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
              the costs that they are intended to compensate. All Government            period of the lease. Lease income from operating leases where the
              Grants, with the exception of the R&D Tax Incentive (note 3(ii)),         group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line basis
              are recorded in the income statement within Other Income (note            over the lease term.
              5).
                                                                                        (i) Impairment of assets
              (g) Income Tax                                                            Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite life are not
              The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax               subject to amortisation. They are tested annually for impairment or
              payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the               more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
              applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by             they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment
              changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to            whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the
              temporary differences and to unused tax losses. Deferred tax              carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
              assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at        recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
              the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are recovered or          exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the
              liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted       higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in
              or substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax          use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
              rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and             grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
              taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or        identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash
              liability. An exception is made for certain temporary differences         inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash generating
              arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No       units).
              deferred tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these
              temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other than a        (j) Cash and cash equivalents
              business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not
              affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax   For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows,
              assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and            cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held
              unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable amounts      with financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid
              will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.      investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash
              Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary      and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
              differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of                  The amount of significant cash and cash equivalents not available
              investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to     for use is disclosed in note 8.
              control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and
              it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable   (k) Trade Receivables
              future. Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts         Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and
              recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity are           subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
              also recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity,         interest method, less provision for impairment. Trade receivables
              respectively. Starpharma Holdings Limited and its wholly-owned            are generally due for settlement within 30 to 60 days. They are
              Australian controlled entity are not consolidated for tax purposes.       presented as current assets unless collection is not expected for
                                                                                        more than 12 months after reporting date. Collectability of trade
              (i) Investment allowances and similar tax incentives                      receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Debts which are
              Companies within the group may be entitled to claim special tax           known to be uncollectible are written off by reducing the carrying
              deductions for investments in qualifying assets or in relation to         amount directly. An allowance account (provision for impairment of
              qualifying expenditure (eg. investment allowances). The group             trade receivables) is used when there is objective evidence that
              accounts for such allowances as tax credits, which means that the         the group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to
              allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax expense. A           the original terms of the receivables. Significant financial difficulties
              deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that are       of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or
              carried forward as deferred tax assets.                                   financial reorganisation, and default or delinquency in payments
                                                                                        (more than 90 days overdue) are considered indicators that the
                                                                                        trade receivable is impaired. The amount of the impairment
              (h) Leases                                                                allowance is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
              As explained in note 1(a) above, the group has changed its                and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at
              accounting policy for leases where the group is the lessee. The           the original effective interest rate. Cash flows relating to short-term
              new policy is described in note 13 and the impact of the change in        receivables are not discounted if the effect of discounting is
              note 1(x).                                                                immaterial. The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in
                                                                                        profit or loss within administration expenses. When a trade
              Until 30 June 2019 leases of property, plant and equipment where          receivable for which an impairment allowance had been
              the group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership        recognised becomes uncollectable in a subsequent period, it is
              were classified as finance leases (note 11). Finance leases were          written off against the allowance account. Subsequent recoveries
              capitalised at the lease’s inception at the lower of the fair value of    of amounts previously written off are credited against other
              the leased property, and the present value of the minimum lease           expenses in profit or loss.
              payments.The corresponding rental obligations, net of finance
              charges, were included in short-term and long-term payables.
              Each lease payment was allocated between the liability and
              finance cost. The finance cost was charged to profit or loss over




               58       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                  58
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              (l) Inventories                                                            (ii) Research and development
              Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at           Research and development expenditure is expensed as incurred
              the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes                  except that costs incurred on development projects, relating to the
              expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them        design and testing of new or improved products, are recognised as
              to their existing condition and location. Costs are assigned to            intangible assets when it is probable that the project will, after
              individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average             considering its commercial and technical feasibility, be completed
              costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after                   and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be
              deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the               measured reliably. To date no research and development costs
              estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the        have been recognised as intangible assets.




For personal use only
              estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary
              to make the sale.                                                          (p) Trade and other payables
                                                                                         These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services
              (m) Investments and other financial assets                                 provided to the group prior to the end of the financial year which
              (i) Classification                                                         are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid
              The group classifies its financial assets in the following categories:     within 30 to 45 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are
              financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and           presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12
              receivables, held-to-maturity investments and available-for-sale           months from the reporting date.
              financial assets. The classification depends on the purpose for
              which the investments were acquired. Management determines                 (q) Provisions
              the classification of its investments at initial recognition and, in the   Provisions for legal claims, service claims and make good
              case of assets classified as held-to-maturity, re-evaluates this           obligations are recognised when the group has a present legal or
              designation at each reporting period.                                      constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is more
                                                                                         probable than not that an outflow of resources will be required to
              (ii) Loans and receivables                                                 settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated.
              Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with             Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses. Where
              fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active            there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an
              market. They are included in current assets, except for those with         outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering
              maturities greater than 12 months after the reporting date which           the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even
              are classified as non-current assets. Loans and receivables are            if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item in the
              included in trade and other receivables (note 9) in the balance            same class of obligations may be small. Provisions are measured
              sheet.                                                                     at the present value of management’s best estimate for the
                                                                                         expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the balance
                                                                                         date. The discount rate used to determine the present value
              (n) Property, Plant and Equipment and Leasehold                            reflects current market assessment of the time, value of money,
              improvements                                                               and the risks specific to the liability. The increase of the provision
              Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less            due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.
              depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
              attributable to the acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are         (r) Employee benefits
              included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a
              separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future       (i) Short-term obligations
              economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group          Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits,
              and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying            annual and long-service leave expected to be settled within 12
              amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is               months after the end of the period in which the employees render
              derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance              the related service are recognised in respect of employees’
              are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which         services up to the period and are measured at the amounts
              they are incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line      expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liability for
              method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of the              annual and long service leave is recognised in the provision for
              residual values, over their estimated useful lives. The expected           employee benefits. All other short-term employee benefit
              useful lives are 2 to 20 years. The assets’ residual values and            obligations are presented as payables.
              useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each
              balance sheet date. An asset’s carrying amount is written down             (iii) Superannuation and Pension Benefits
              immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying              Group companies make the statutory superannuation guarantee
              amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains             contribution in respect of each employee to their nominated
              and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds               complying superannuation or pension fund. In certain
              with the carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss.            circumstances pursuant to an employee’s employment contract the
                                                                                         group companies may also be required to make additional
              The cost of improvements to or on leasehold properties is                  superannuation or pension contributions and/or agree to make
              amortised over the remaining notice period under the premises              salary sacrifice superannuation or pension contributions in addition
              lease (being 2.5 years at the balance date) or the estimated useful        to the statutory guarantee contribution. The group’s legal or
              life of the improvement to the group, whichever is shorter.                constructive obligation is limited to the above contributions.
                                                                                         Contributions to the employees’ superannuation or pension plans
              (o) Intangible Assets                                                      are recognised as an expense as they become payable. Prepaid
                                                                                         contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash
              (i) Patents and licenses                                                   refund or reduction in future payments is available.
              Costs associated with patents are expensed as incurred. Licenses
              and acquired patents with a finite useful life are carried at cost less
              accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is
              calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of
              licenses and patents over the period of the expected benefit, which
              is up to 20 years. As at the reporting date no patents or licenses
              are recognised as intangible assets.




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   59

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                      59
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              1. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)                           (s) Contributed equity
                                                                                       Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly
              (iv) Share-based payments                                                attributable to the issue of new shares or performance rights are
                                                                                       shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
              Share-based compensation benefits are offered to employees via           Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
              an Employee Performance Rights Plan and an Employee Share                performance rights, for the acquisition of a business, are not
              Plan ($1,000 Plan). Information relating to these plans is set out in    included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the purchase
              note 26 and in the remuneration report under the directors’ report.      consideration.

              The fair value of performance rights granted is recognised as an         (t) Dividends




For personal use only
              employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
              The fair value of employee services received, measured by                Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being
              reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the           appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the
              vesting period. Depending on the performance measure of the              entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not
              right vesting, the fair value at grant date represents either a          distributed at the end of the reporting period.
              volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to
              the grant date, or a value calculated using a hybrid Monte-Carlo-        (u) Earnings per share
              trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute TSR      (i) Basic earnings per share
              target, the term of the right, the share price at grant date, the risk   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit
              free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price             attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of
              volatility, the volatility of the relevant index, and the correlation    servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted
              between the share price and that index. The fair value excludes          average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
              the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example,            financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares
              profitability and sales growth targets). Non-market vesting              issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.
              conditions are included in assumptions about the number of
              performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. At           (ii) Diluted earnings per share
              each balance sheet date, the entity revises its estimate of the
              number of performance rights that are expected to become                 Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the
              exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised in each             determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the
              period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of        after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs
              the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in the         associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted
              income statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.              average number of additional ordinary shares that would have
                                                                                       been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential
              Under the Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan) shares are issued            ordinary shares.
              to employees for no cash consideration and vest at the earlier of
              three years or cessation of employment. On this date, the market         (v) Goods and Services Tax (“GST”)
              value of the shares issued is recognised as an employee benefits         Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount
              expense with a corresponding increase in equity.                         of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not recoverable
                                                                                       from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of
              (v) Bonus payments                                                       the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
                                                                                       Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of
              The group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses              GST receivable from, or payable to, the taxation authority and are
              based on a formula that takes into consideration performance             included with other receivables or payables in the balance sheet.
              criteria that have been set. The group recognises a provision            Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components
              where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that       of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are
              has created a constructive obligation.                                   recoverable from, or payable to the taxation authority, are
                                                                                       presented as operating cash flows.
              For non-cash incentives where equity is granted, please refer to
              note 26 and the remuneration report under the directors’ report.
                                                                                       (w) Rounding of amounts
              (vi) Termination benefits                                                The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
                                                                                       (Rounding Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
              Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated           issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission,
              before the normal retirement date, or when an employee accepts           relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the financial statements.
              voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The group           Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in
              recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed        accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or
              to either terminating the employment of current employees                in certain cases, the nearest dollar.
              according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal
              or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made to
              encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than
              12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to
              present value.




               60       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                              60
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              (x) Changes in accounting policies                                        Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of
              (i) AASB 16 Leases                                                        the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If
                                                                                        the group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the
              AASB 16 results in leases being recognised on the balance sheet,          right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful
              as the distinction between operating and finance leases is                life. The group has chosen not to revalue right-of-use premises
              removed. Under the new standard, an asset (the right to use the           assets held by the group.
              leased item) and a corresponding financial liability to pay rentals
              are recognised on the balance sheet. An exception applies for             Subsequent to initial measurement, the lease liability is reduced for
              short-term and low-value leases under the standard.                       payments made and increased for interest incurred. The liability is
                                                                                        remeasured to reflect any reassessment or modification, or if there




For personal use only
              The group has adopted AASB 16 from 1 July 2019 using the                  are changes to insubstance fixed payments. When the lease
              simplified (cumulative effect) approach and therefore has not             liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made to the
              restated comparative amounts for the 2019 reporting period.               value of the right-of-use asset.

              On adoption of AASB 16, lease liabilities were measured at the            Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-
              present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using           value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense
              either the interest rate implicit in the lease or the incremental         in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of
              borrowing rate as of 1 July 2019. The group's weighted average            12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise of IT equipment.
              incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities on 1 July
              2019 was 4.4%, being the rate the lessee would have to pay to
              borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to         (ii) There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that
              the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with             are expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current
              similar terms, security and conditions.                                   or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

                                                                    1 July 2019         (z) Parent entity financial information
                                                                          $’000         The financial information for the parent entity, Starpharma
                                                                                        Holdings Limited, disclosed in note 27 has been prepared on the
                Operating lease commitments as at 30 June                  2,315        same basis as the consolidated financial statements, except as set
                2019                                                                    out below.
                Discounted using group's incremental
                borrowing rate at date of initial application              2,151        (i) Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities
                Add: finance lease recognised as at 30                                  Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities
                June 2019                                                     26        are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of Starpharma
                                                                                        Holdings Limited. Dividends received from associates are
                Less: low-value leases recognised on                                    recognised in the parent entity’s profit or loss when its right to
                straight-line basis as expense                              (16)        receive the dividend is established.
                Lease liability recognised as at 1 July 2019               2,160
                                                                                        (ii) Share-based payments
                                                                                        The grant by the parent entity of rights over its equity instruments
                                                                                        to the employees of subsidiary undertakings in the group is treated
              The associated right-of-use assets for leases were initially              as a capital contribution to that subsidiary undertaking. The fair
              measured at the amount equal to the lease liability, and relate to        value of employee services received, measured by reference to
              the following types of assets:                                            the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as
                                                                                        an increase to investment in subsidiary undertakings, with a
                                                                                        corresponding credit to equity.
                                              30 June 2020          1 July 2019
                                                     $’000                $’000
                Premises                               1,525               2,134
                Plant and equipment                         -                 26

                Total right-of-use assets              1,525               2,160



              The net impact on retained earnings at 1 July 2019 on the
              adoption of AASB 16 was a decrease of $4,000.

              The adoption of AASB 16 removes the lease rental repayments
              from the income statement. Instead, the income statement reflects
              straight-line depreciation expense on the right-of-use asset, and an
              interest expense on the lease liability. Reported expenses have
              increased by $51,000 for the 2020 financial year, due to the
              interest component calculated on the lease liability under the new
              standard. Also operating cash outflows have decreased, and
              financing cash outflows have increased by $561,000 for the 2020
              financial year, as repayment of the principal portion of the lease
              liabilities will be classified as cash flows from financing activities.




                                                                                                              STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   61

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                     61
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              2. Financial Risk Management
              The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks;                  currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The group
              including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The group’s                 operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk
              overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability                    arising from currency exposures to major currencies including the
              of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse                       US dollar and Great British pound.
              effects on the financial performance of the group. The Chief
              Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer & Company                           On the basis of the nature of these transactions, the group does
              Secretary, under the guidance of the Audit and Risk Committee                      not use derivative financial instruments to hedge such exposures
              and the Board, have responsibility for the risk management                         but maintains cash and deposits in Australian dollars, US dollars




For personal use only
              program.                                                                           (US$) and Great British pounds (£). The directors are regularly
                                                                                                 monitoring the potential impact of movements in foreign exchange
              (a) Market risk                                                                    exposure.
              (i) Foreign Exchange Risk
                                                                                                 The exposure to foreign currency risk at the reporting date using
              Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions                   the closing exchange rate as at 30 June 2020 for US$ of $0.6863
              and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a                         and for £ of $0.5586 was as follows:


                                                                              30 June 2020              30 June 2019              30 June 2020        30 June 2019
                                                                                       US$                       US$                         £                   £
                                                                                     $’000                     $’000                     £’000               £’000

               Cash and cash equivalents                                               6,317                     5,405                   1,518                 2,438

               Trade and other receivables                                                  17                     671                       -                      -

               Trade and other payables                                                  331                       542                   1,426                 1,266

              Group Sensitivity
              The group is mainly exposed to US dollars (US$) and Great British pounds (£) on foreign currencies held, receivable and payable. The following
              table details the group’s sensitivity to a 10% increase and decrease in the Australian dollar against the US dollar or Great British pounds. A
              positive number indicates a favourable movement; that is an increase in profit or reduction in the loss.

                                                                           30 June 2020                30 June 2019               30 June 2020          30 June 2019
                                                                                  $’000                       $’000                      £’000                 £’000

               Impact on profit / (loss) on a movement of                            US$                         US$                         £                           £

               Australian dollar strengthens (increases) against
               the foreign currency by 10%                                          (795)                       (717)                     (15)                   (192)

               Australian dollar weakens (decreases) against
               the foreign currency by 10%                                           972                         877                        18                     235


              (ii) Cash Flow Interest Rate Risk
              The group holds interest bearing assets and therefore the income and operating cash flows are exposed to market interest rates.
              At the end of the reporting period, the group had the following value of term and at call deposits. Refer to note 8 for additional information.

                                                                                                                30 June 2020                            30 June 2019
                                                                                                                       $’000                                   $’000

               Term Deposits and deposits at call                                                                        25,984                                 38,306


              Group Sensitivity
              At 30 June 2020, if interest rates had changed by 50 basis points either higher or lower from the year end rates with all other variables held
              constant, group profit for the year would have been $131,000 higher or lower (2019 - change of 50 bps: $193,000 higher/lower) due to either
              higher or lower interest income from cash or cash equivalents.

              (b) Credit risk
                                                                                                 (c) Liquidity risk
              Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from
              cash and cash equivalents with banks and financial institutions, as                Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient
              well as credit exposures from royalty, product supply and licensing                cash and marketable securities. The directors regularly monitor the
              agreements. Credit risk for cash and deposits with banks and                       cash position of the group, giving consideration to the level of
              financial institutions is managed by maximising deposits held                      expenditure and future capital commitments entered into.
              under major Australian banks. All cash and deposits are held with
              major Australian banks, with the majority being held with the                      (d) Fair value estimation
              National Australia Bank and Commonwealth Bank of Australia.                        The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities must be
              Other than government grants, tax incentives and taxes                             estimated for recognition and measurement for disclosure
              receivable, third party receivables largely consist customer                       purposes. The carrying value less impairment provision of trade
              receivables from leading, multinational organisations.                             receivables and payables are assumed to approximate their fair
                                                                                                 values due to their short-term nature. The fair value of financial
                                                                                                 liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the
                                                                                                 future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate
                                                                                                 that is available to the group for similar financial instruments.

               62       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                            62
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              3. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements

              Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future
              events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

              The group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the
              related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
              assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.




For personal use only
              i) Income Taxes
              The group is subject to income taxes in Australia. There are transactions and calculations undertaken during the ordinary course of business for
              which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
              initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. The
              group has not recognised deferred tax assets or liabilities, including from carried forward losses, due to the realisation of such benefits being
              uncertain. The utilisation of tax losses also depends on the ability of the entity to satisfy certain tests at the time the losses are recouped.

              ii) R&D Tax Incentives
              The group’s research and development activities are eligible under an Australian Government tax incentive for eligible expenditure from 1 July
              2011. Management has assessed these activities and expenditure to determine which are likely to be eligible under the incentive scheme. For
              the period to 30 June 2020 the group has recorded a contra research and development expense of $5,669,000 (2019: $5,071,000). The total
              R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded at 30 June 2020 is $5,670,000 (2019: $4,898,000)

              In December 2019, the Treasury Laws Amendment (R&D Tax Incentive) Bill 2019 was introduced into Parliament and contains proposed
              amendments to the R&D Tax Incentive. Under the proposed amendments, the refundable tax offset rate for companies with an aggregated
              turnover of less than $20 million will be 41% (based on a 13.5% permanent benefit added to the relevant corporate tax rate) and the maximum
              rebate will be capped at $4 million (excluding costs related to clinical trial activities), effective from 1 July 2019.

              In accordance with AASB 112, tax assets should be measured at the amount expected to be recovered from the taxation authorities, using the
              tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period. Substantive enactment occurs when
              any future steps in the enactment process will not change the outcome. Management does not consider the R&D Tax Offset rate reduction to be
              substantially enacted at the end of the reporting period due the continued legislative debate in the parliament. The group has therefore
              calculated the R&D tax incentive by applying the currently legislated R&D Tax Offset rate of 43.5% to eligible expenditure.

              If the Bill is passed, the $4 million refundable tax offset cap is not expected to have any impact on the amount of Starpharma’s FY20 refundable
              tax offset due to the level of exempted clinical trials expenditure during the period.



              4. Segment Information
              The group has determined that on the basis of internal reporting and monitoring to the Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief operating
              decision maker, the group operates in one business segment, being the discovery, development and commercialisation of dendrimers for
              pharmaceutical, life science and other applications.


              5. Revenue and Other Income
                                                                                                             30 June 2020                             30 June 2019
               Revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                  $’000                                    $’000

               Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                  6,033                                    1,651

               Interest revenue                                                                                         523                                    1,057

               Total revenue from continuing operations                                                               6,556                                    2,708

               Other income                                                                                             559                                          12

               Total revenue and other income from continuing operations                                              7,115                                    2,720



              Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
              Revenue from contracts with customers includes licensing revenue, products sales, royalties, and research revenue from partners.

              Total revenue from contracts with customers for the year was $6,033,000 (2019: $1,651,000) and includes $4,339,000 on AstraZeneca
              triggering a milestone for the first dose of AZD0466 administered in the phase 1 clinical trial of its first DEP® product. The remaining $1,694,000
              is predominately product sales, milestones and royalties on VivaGel® BV and VivaGel® condom products.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020    63

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                         63
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              5. Revenue and Other Income (continued)
              Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers
              The group has recognised the following current assets and current liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                                                30 June 2020                          30 June 2019
                                                                                                                       $’000                                 $’000

               Trade and other receivables                                                                                  40                                 1,009




For personal use only
               Contract Liabilities - deferred income                                                                    (437)                                  (427)

              Trade and other receivables as at 30 June 2020 are $40,000. The higher trade and other receivables in the prior year reflected the
              Mundipharma VivaGel® BV European launch milestone and VivaGel® BV product sales.

              Contract Liabilities (deferred income) relate to potential liabilities for product discounts, that are dependent on product registrations in certain
              countries.

              Performance obligations
              Revenue is recognised when the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised good or service to a
              customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for the goods or services.
              Information about the company’s performance obligations are summarised below:

              (i) Licensing revenue and royalties
              Typically, a licence granted by the company provides the customer with the right to use, but not own, the company’s intellectual property as it
              exists at the point in time the licence is granted. The company may receive signature payments, milestone payments for specific development
              (such as clinical or regulatory) or commercial based outcomes, and/or sales-based royalties as consideration for the licence. The performance
              obligation(s) for a licence are usually satisfied upon, or soon after, the granting of the licence to the partner. Signature payments are normally
              fixed, where-as development and commercial milestones are variable consideration as they are dependent on the achievement of certain events
              in the future. The company’s estimate of variable consideration will only be recognised to the extent it is highly probable that a significant
              revenue reversal will not occur in future periods.

              Royalties based on sales of product are recognised when the customer's sales of product occur. Where consideration includes guaranteed
              minimum royalties, they are recognised when the licence is granted or when they are no longer subject to constraint.

              Milestones payments are generally due within 30 to 60 days from timing of the milestone event. Royalties are generally due 30 to 60 days after
              the end of the defined royalty reporting period.

              (ii) Product sales
              The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from delivery. Some
              contracts provide customers with a right of return for product non-conformance which may give rise to variable consideration subject to
              constraint.

              (iii) Research revenue
              The performance obligation is satisfied over-time upon completion of outlined deliverables and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days of
              achievement of each deliverable.

              Other income
              Other income of $559,000 (2019: $12,000) primarily relates to the Australian Government’s COVID-19 stimulus measures including JobKeeper
              Payment ($399,000) and Cash Flow Boost ($100,000) programs. There are no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to these
              grants.


              6. Expenses
               Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                        30 June 2020                          30 June 2019
               includes the following items:                                                                           $’000                                 $’000

               R&D tax incentive (contra expense)1                                                                     (5,669)                                (5,071)

               Employee benefits expenses (including share-based payments)                                             10,275                                 10,548

               Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                               275                                   298

               Depreciation of right-of-use assets2                                                                        636                                       -

               Rental expense on operating leases2                                                                            -                                  586
              1
                  Included within the research and product development expense line item in the consolidated income statement.
              2
               The adoption of AASB 16 Leases eliminates the lease rental expense from the income statement, rather depreciation is expensed on the right-
              of-use asset, and an interest expense on the lease liability. Refer to Note 1(x) for further information




               64       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                         64
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              7. Income Tax Expense

                                                                                                               30 June 2020                             30 June 2019
                                                                                                                      $’000                                    $’000

                (a) Income tax expense/(credit)

                Current Tax / Deferred Tax                                                                                   –                                          –




For personal use only
                Total income tax expense                                                                                     –                                          –

                Income tax attributable to continuing operations                                                             –                                          –


                (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

                Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                            (14,678)                                  (14,254)

                Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2019: 30%)                                                      (4,403)                                  (4,276)

                Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                         Eligible expenses claimed under R&D tax incentive                                              2,209                                     1,857
                         Share-based payments                                                                           1,081                                     1,012
                         Unearned income                                                                                      -                                         1
                         Sundry items                                                                                    (287)                                    (101)

                Future income tax benefits not brought to account                                                       1,400                                     1,506

                Income tax expense                                                                                           –                                          –


                (c) Tax losses
                Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been
                recognised (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                     119,974                                  115,313

                Potential tax benefit                                                                                    35,992                                   34,594

                (d) Unrecognised temporary differences
                Temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset has been
                recognised as recoverability is not probable                                                              3,439                                    4,133

                Unrecognised deferred tax relating to the temporary differences                                           1,032                                    1,240



                (e) Deferred tax liabilities

                Deferred tax liabilities comprise temporary differences attributable to:
                Lease right-of-use assets                                                                                   457                                             -
                Sundry items                                                                                                      5                                      3
                Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                              462                                          3

                Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                             (462)                                         (3)

                Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                      –                                      –



              Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been set-off as there is a legally recognised right to set-off current tax assets and liabilities,
              and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority. Deferred tax assets are mainly
              attributable to unused tax losses. Potential future income tax benefits attributable to tax losses carried forward have not been brought to account
              at 30 June 2020 because the directors do not believe that it is appropriate to regard realisation of the future income tax benefit as probable.
              Similarly, future benefits attributable to net temporary differences have not been brought to account as the directors do not regard the realisation
              of such benefits as probable.

              Realisation of the benefit of tax losses would be subject to the group satisfying the conditions for deductibility imposed by tax legislation and no
              subsequent changes in tax legislation adversely affecting the group. The group has made an assessment as to the satisfaction of deductibility
              conditions at 30 June 2020 which it believes will be satisfied.




                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020    65

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                            65
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              8. Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                                   30 June 2020                             30 June 2019
                                                                                                                          $’000                                    $’000

               Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                     4,070                                   2,945

               Term Deposits and deposits at call                                                                         25,984                                  38,306
                                                                                                                          30,054                                  41,251




For personal use only
              Cash at bank and on hand                                                                Deposits not available
              The cash is bearing floating interest rates based on current                            There is $558,000 (2019: $548,000) of term deposits not available
              bank rates.                                                                             for use due to funds being provided as security for a bank
                                                                                                      guarantee on the premises lease, and for a finance lease facility.
              Term deposits and deposits at call
              The term deposits have maturities of 3 months or less. Funds in                         Interest rate risk
              deposits at call allow the group to withdraw funds on demand.                           Current receivables are non-interest bearing.



               30 June 2020                                   Floating                        Fixed interest maturing     Non-interest
                                                              Interest                                                        bearing
                                                                  rate
                                                                           1 year or less   1 to 2 years   2 to 3 years                           Total        Contractual
                                                 Notes           $’000             $’000           $’000          $’000          $’000            $’000         cash flows

               Financial Assets

               Cash & deposits                      8            4,571           21,655               –               –          3,828           30,054               N/A

               Receivables                          9                 –                –              –               –          6,128            6,128             6,128

                                                                 4,571           21,655               –               –          9,956           36,182             6,128

               Weighted average interest rate                     0.8%             0.7%             –%              –%              –%


               Financial Liabilities

               Payables                            12                 –                –              –               –          4,472            4,472             4,472
               Lease liabilities                   13                 –              604            649            321               –            1,574             1,574

                                                                      –              604            649            321           4,472            6,046             6,046


               Weighted average interest rate                       –%             4.4%           4.4%            4.4%              –%

               30 June 2019                                   Floating                        Fixed interest maturing                                 Non-interest bearing
                                                              Interest
                                                                  rate
                                                                           1 year or less   1 to 2 years   2 to 3 years                           Total        Contractual
                                                 Notes           $’000             $’000           $’000          $’000          $’000            $’000         cash flows

               Financial Assets

               Cash & deposits                      8            2,972           35,631               –               –          2,648           41,251               N/A

               Receivables                          9                 –                –              –               –          6,159            6,159             6,159

                                                                 2,972           35,631               –               –          8,807           47,410             6,159

               Weighted average interest rate                     1.7%             2.1%             –%              –%              –%


               Financial Liabilities

               Payables                            12                 –                –              –               –          4,917            4,917             4,917
               Lease liabilities                   13                 –               26              –               –              –                 26              26

                                                                      –               26              –               –          4,917            4,943             4,943


               Weighted average interest rate                       –%             5.8%             –%              –%              –%


               66       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                           66
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              9. Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables

                                                                                                           30 June 2020                              30 June 2019
                                                                                                                  $’000                                     $’000

               Trade and grant receivables                                                                         5,905                                      5,857

               Interest receivables                                                                                    10                                           49

               Prepayments                                                                                             41                                           79




For personal use only
               Other receivables                                                                                     172                                            174

                                                                                                                   6,128                                      6,159


              Trade and grant receivables
              Trade and grant receivables primarily comprise of $5,670,000 (2019: $4,898,000) of expenditure reimbursable under the Australian
              Government’s R&D tax incentive scheme, with the balance related to other government grants receivable, and customer receivables from
              VivaGel® partners. Customer receivables are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 60 days.


              Other receivables
              Other receivables comprise sundry debtors and GST/VAT claimable and are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 90 days.


              Credit risk
              The group considers that there is no significant credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables. Grant receivables are with government
              bodies and trade receivables are from large, well respected companies.

              Impaired receivables
              As at 30 June 2020, there were no material trade and grant receivables that were past due (2019: nil). No receivables are considered impaired
              at 30 June 2020 (2019: nil).


              10. Inventories

                                                                                                           30 June 2020                              30 June 2019
               Current Assets                                                                                     $’000                                     $’000

               Raw materials                                                                                         494                                            248

               Finished goods                                                                                            -                                          151

                                                                                                                     494                                            399


              Assigning costs to inventories
              The costs of individual items of inventory are determined using the weighted average cost method. See note 1(l) for detail on the group’s
              accounting policy for inventories.

              Amounts recognised in profit or loss
              Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 30 June 2020 amounted to $890,000 (2019: $251,000). These were included in
              cost of goods sold.

              Finished goods
              Finished goods are products that are subject to a customer purchase order, have completed production, and are awaiting delivery to the
              customer.




                                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020     67

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                         67
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              11. Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment

                                                                                                     Leasehold
                                                                           Plant and Equipment    improvements     Total
                                                                                          $’000           $’000    $’000
               At 30 June 2018

               Cost                                                                      3,514             602     4,116




For personal use only
               Accumulated depreciation                                                 (2,616)           (442)   (3,058)

               Net book amount                                                             898             160     1,058



               Year ended 30 June 2019

               Opening net book amount                                                     898             160     1,058

               Additions                                                                   236              54       290

               Disposals                                                                      -               -         -

               Depreciation                                                               (255)            (43)    (298)

               Closing net book amount                                                     879             171     1,050



               At 30 June 2019

               Cost                                                                      3,607             656     4,263

               Accumulated depreciation                                                 (2,728)           (485)   (3,213)

               Net book amount                                                             879             171     1,050



               Year ended 30 June 2020

               Opening net book amount                                                     879             171     1,050

               Adjustment for change in accounting policy, see note 1(x)                   (22)               -      (22)

               Restated opening net book amount                                            856             171     1,028

               Additions                                                                   126                -      126

               Disposals                                                                    (1)               -       (1)

               Depreciation                                                               (225)            (50)    (275)

               Closing net book amount                                                     756             121       877



               At 30 June 2020

               Cost                                                                      3,671             656     4,327

               Accumulated depreciation                                                 (2,915)           (535)   (3,450)

               Net book amount                                                             756             121       877




               68       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                           68
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              As at 30 June 2019, plant and equipment included the following amounts where the group is a lessee under a finance lease (refer to note 13 for
              further details):
                                                                                                       30 June 2020                          30 June 2019
               Leased equipment                                                                                $’000                                  $’000

               Cost                                                                                                        -                                           72

               Accumulated depreciation                                                                                    -                                      (50)
               Net book amount                                                                                             -                                           22




For personal use only
              From 1 July 2019 leased assets are presented as a separate line item in the balance sheet, see note 13. Refer to note 1(x) for details about the
              changes in accounting policy.



              12. Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables

                                                                                                            30 June 2020                               30 June 2019
                                                                                                                   $’000                                      $’000

               Trade payables and accruals                                                                           4,394                                      4,098

               Other payables                                                                                           78                                            819

                                                                                                                     4,472                                      4,917


              Trade payables and accruals
              The majority of trade payables are related to expenditure associated with the group’s research and product development programs.



              13. Current and Non-Current Assets/Liabilities – Leases

              The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:
                                                                                                            30 June 2020                                1 July 2019*
               Right-of-use assets                                                                                 $’000                                       $’000
               Premises                                                                                              1,525                                      2,134
               Plant and equipment                                                                                         -                                           26
                                                                                                                     1,525                                      2,160

               Lease liabilities
               Current                                                                                                 604                                            586
               Non-current                                                                                             970                                      1,574
                                                                                                                     1,574                                      2,160
              * In the previous year, the group only recognised lease assets and lease liabilities in relation to leases that were classified as ‘finance leases’
              under AASB 117 Leases. The assets were presented in property, plant and equipment and the liabilities as part of the group’s borrowings. For
              adjustments recognised on adoption of AASB 16 Leases on 1 July 2019, please refer to note 1(x).

              The group leases premises (laboratory and offices space) until 19 December 2022, with an extension option. Payments associated with the
              option period are not included in the initial measurement of lease assets and liabilities as they are uncertain.

              The group also leases scientific equipment generally over a three to five year term.

              The statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:
                                                                                                            30 June 2020                               30 June 2019
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                          $’000                                      $’000
               Premises                                                                                                610                                              -
               Plant and equipment                                                                                      26                                              -
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                              636                                              -

               Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                    79                                              -

               Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                                             8                                             -

               Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities                            68                                              -

               Total cash outflow for leases                                                                           664                                              -


                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020     69

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                           69
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              14. Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits
                                                                                                            30 June 2020                            30 June 2019
               Leave obligations                                                                                   $’000                                   $’000

               Current                                                                                               1,184                                   1,056

               Non-current                                                                                              85                                       38

                                                                                                                     1,269                                   1,094




For personal use only
              The leave obligations cover the group’s liability for long service leave and annual leave. The current portion of this liability includes all of the
              accrued annual leave, and the unconditional entitlements to long service leave where employees have completed the required period of service.
              However, based on past experience, the group does not expect all employees to take the full amount of current accrued leave or require
              payment within the next 12 months. Current leave obligations expected to be settled after 12 months is $843,000 (2019: $747,000).

              Refer to note 1(r) for further information.


              15. Contributed Equity
              (a) Share capital
                                                                                             2020                  2019                  2020                 2019
                                                                                           Shares                Shares                 $’000                $’000

               Share Capital

               Ordinary shares – fully paid                                           372,562,687          371,694,347               193,661               193,621


              (b) Movements in ordinary share capital
               Date                  Details                                                Number of shares                 Issue Price                     $’000
               1 Jul 2019                                                                          371,694,347                                             193,621
               29 Jul 2019           Employee performance rights plan share issue                       26,196                        $–                             –
               1 Oct 2019            Employee performance rights plan share issue                      233,730                        $–                             –
               17 Oct 2019           Employee performance rights plan share issue                       33,600                        $–                             –
               4 Dec 2019            Employee performance rights plan share issue                      495,895                        $–                             –
               24 Jan 2020           Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                 32,920                     $1.22                         40
               24 Jan 2020           Employee performance rights plan share issue                       25,600                        $–                             –
               20 Mar 2020           Employee performance rights plan share issue                       20,399                        $–                             –

                                     Balance at 30 June 2020                                       372,562,687                                             193,661



               Date                  Details                                                Number of shares                 Issue Price                     $’000
               1 Jul 2018                                                                          370,544,775                                             193,583
               5 Oct 2018            Employee performance rights plan share issue                      706,356                        $–                             –
               11 Dec 2018           Employee performance rights plan share issue                      369,411                        $–                             –
               8 Feb 2019            Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                 34,542                     $1.10                         38
               19 Mar 2019           Employee performance rights plan share issue                       39,263                        $–                             –

                                     Balance at 30 June 2019                                       371,694,347                                             193,621



              (c) Ordinary shares
              As at 30 June 2020 there were 372,562,687 issued ordinary                      (e) Employee Performance Rights Plan
              shares. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in                   Information relating to the Employee Performance Rights Plan,
              dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the company in                     including details of rights issued under the plan, is set out in note
              proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held.               26.
              On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present at a
              meeting in person or by proxy, is entitled to one vote, and upon a
              poll each share is entitled to one vote. Ordinary shares have no               (f) Capital risk management
              par value and the company does not have a limited amount of                    The group’s and the parent entity’s objectives when managing
              authorised capital. There is no current on-market share buy-back.              capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going
                                                                                             concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
              (d) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)                                          shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. In order to
                                                                                             maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group may adjust the
              Information relating to the Employee Share Plan, including details             amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to
              of shares issued under the plan, is set out in note 26.                        shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets.

               70       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                      70
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              16. Reserves

              (a) Reserves
                                                                                                              30 June 2020                            30 June 2019
                                                                                                                     $’000                                   $’000

               Share-based payments reserve                                                                          20,340                                   16,775

                                                                                                                     20,340                                   16,775




For personal use only
              (b) Movement in reserves

                                                                                                              30 June 2020                            30 June 2019
               Share-based payments reserve                                                                          $’000                                   $’000

               Balance at 1 July                                                                                     16,775                                   13,440

               Performance right expense                                                                               3,565                                    3,334

               Balance at 30 June                                                                                    20,340                                   16,775



              (c) Nature and purpose of reserves
              The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the fair value of options and performance rights granted.



              17. Accumulated Losses
                                                                                                           30 June 2019                               30 June 2019
                                                                                                                  $’000                                      $’000

               Accumulated losses balance at 1 July                                                            (168,001)                                   (153,746)

               Application of AASB 16 Leases, refer to note 1(x)                                                        4                                            -

               Net loss for the year                                                                            (14,678)                                     (14,254)

               Accumulated losses balance at 30 June                                                           (182,675)                                   (168,001)



              18. Related Party Transactions
              (a) Parent entity and subsidiaries
              The parent entity of the group is Starpharma Holdings Limited. Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 23.

              (b) Transactions with related parties
              There are related party transactions within the group between the parent and subsidiaries. Transactions include funds advanced to/from entities
              and the associated interest charge; and management and services fees. All transactions were made on an arm’s length basis.

              (c) Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                                           30 June 2020                               30 June 2019
                                                                                                                      $                                          $

               Short-term employee benefits                                                                    1,964,009                                   2,385,559

               Post-employment benefits                                                                          130,263                                     127,034

               Other long-term benefits                                                                           39,955                                      27,966

               Share-based payments                                                                            1,814,869                                   1,819,581

                                                                                                               3,949,096                                   4,360,140


              Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages 20 to 41.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   71

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                         71
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              19. Remuneration of Auditors
              The company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s expertise and
              experience with the company and/or the consolidated group are important. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor
              (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit and non-audit services provided during the year are set out below. During the year the following fees were
              paid or payable for services provided by the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) of the parent entity, its related practices and non-related audit
              firms:
                                                                                                           30 June 2020                          30 June 2019
                                                                                                                           $                                  $




For personal use only
               Statutory audit services
               Audit or review of financial reports of the entity or any entity in the
               consolidated entity

                        PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                        146,462                              137,537

               Total remuneration for statutory audit services                                                        146,462                              137,537
              No other non-audit services were performed in the current or prior year.


              20. Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date

              No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2020 that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect:
              (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years; or
              (b) the results of those operations in future financial years; or
              (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.


              21. Commitments
              (a) Capital Commitments
              There is no material capital expenditure contracted not recognised as liabilities at the reporting date (2019: nil).

              (b) Operating Lease Commitments
              The group leases laboratory and offices space under an operating lease until 19 December 2022. The group also leases office equipment
              generally over a three to five year term. From 1 July 2020, the group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for short-term
              and low-value leases, see note 13 and note 1(x) for further information.
                                                                                                              30 June 2020                       30 June 2019
                                                                                                                      $’000                               $’000
               Commitments for minimum lease payments in relation operating leases
               are payable as follows:
               Not later than one year                                                                                          -                             649
               Later than one year and not later than five years                                                                -                            1,666
               Later than five years                                                                                            -                                -

               Representing non-cancellable operating leases                                                                    -                            2,315

              (c) Termination Commitments
              The service contracts of key management personnel include benefits payable by the group on termination of the employee’s contract. Refer to
              the remuneration report for details of these commitments.


              22. Contingencies
              Starpharma has licensed VivaGel® BV in the United States to ITF Pharma and is eligible to receive up to US$101M in regulatory approval and
              commercialisation milestones, plus royalties on net sales. Upon receipt of cash proceeds under the licence, Starpharma is required to pay a
              small proportion of its receipts to an investment bank which advised on the competitive licence process, up to a maximum of US$1.35M over the
              life of the licence (2019: US$1.35M).

              The company has no contingent assets at 30 June 2020 (2019: nil).


              23. Subsidiaries
              The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance with the
              accounting policy described in note 1(b).

                                                                                                                                                 Equity Holding

                                                                      Country of                                                        2020                  2019
               Name of entity                                         Incorporation          Class of Shares                              %                     %

               Starpharma Pty Limited                                 Australia                  Ordinary                            100.00%               100.00%


              72   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
              Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                  72
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              24. Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities
                                                                                                                 30 June 2020                      30 June 2019
                                                                                                                        $’000                             $’000

               Operating profit/(loss) after tax                                                                       (14,678)                          (14,254)

               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                911                                   298

               Foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                               (288)                              (608)




For personal use only
               Non-cash employee benefits: share-based payments                                                           3,605                             3,372
               Net gain/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                      (1)                                    -

               Net (gain)/loss on sale of available for sale financial assets                                                   -                                 (8)
               Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and
               disposals of entities:

                        Decrease/(increase) in receivables and other assets                                                   31                              (23)

                        (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                  (95)                             (399)

                        Increase/(decrease) increase in trade creditors                                                   (445)                             1,140

                        Increase in employee provisions                                                                     175                                   117

                        Increase/(decrease) in deferred income                                                                 9                                   21

               Net cash outflows from operating activities                                                             (10,776)                          (10,344)




              25. Earnings Per Share

                                                                                                                30 June 2020                       30 June 2019

               Basic earnings/(loss) per share / Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
               Total earnings/(loss) per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
               company ($)                                                                                               (0.04)                             (0.04)



               Reconciliations of earnings/(loss) used in calculating earnings per share
               Profit/(loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share: ($’000)                                                   (14,678)                           (14,254)
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                        372,231,992                        371,293,413


              As at 30 June 2020 the company had on issue 14,780,525 (30 June 2019: 13,183,915) performance rights. The rights are not included in the
              determination of basic earnings per share. The rights are also not included in the determination of diluted earnings per share. They are not
              considered dilutive as their conversion would not increase loss per share from continuing operations.




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020     73

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                       73
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              26. Share-Based Payments

              Performance Rights

              (a) Employee Performance Rights Plan
              In 2010 the Board approved the introduction of the Employee Performance Rights Plan (Plan), which was subsequently approved by
              shareholders at the 2011, 2014 and 2017 annual general meetings. All executives and staff, including the CEO, are eligible to
              participate in the Plan. The Plan allows for the issue of performance rights (being rights to receive fully paid ordinary shares subject to




For personal use only
              continued employment with the company and the satisfaction of certain performance hurdles over a specified period). Performance
              rights are granted under the Plan for no consideration. The objective of the Plan is to assist in the recruitment, reward, retention and
              motivation of employees of the company.

              (b) Fair value of performance rights granted
              The weighted average assessed fair value at grant date of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2020 was $1.14
              per right (2019: $1.33). There were 2,969,830 performance rights granted in the current year (2019: 2,988,135).

              The estimated fair value at grant date of rights with a Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance measure have been valued using a
              hybrid Monte-Carlo-trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute TSR target, the term of the right, the share price at
              grant date, the risk free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant index, and the
              correlation between the share price and that index. All other rights incorporate Key Performance Indicator (KPI) measures, and the fair
              value at grant date of these rights represents a volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to the grant date.

              Set out below are summaries of performance rights:
              2020
                                                         Balance                  Granted        Converted           Forfeited            Balance
                                        Vesting         at start of                 during           during             during           at end of
              Grant Date                   Date          the year                 the year         the year           the year            the year
                                                                       Number     Number           Number             Number             Number
                        11 Nov 2015         30 Jun 20171               299,325          –            47,700                  –           251,625

                        11 Nov 2015        30 Sep 20181             1,364,555           –          248,761                   –         1,115,794

                        19 Nov 2015         30 Jun 20171               181,001          –                  –                 –           181,001
                        19 Nov 2015        30 Sep 20181                836,260          –                  –                 –           836,260
                        13 Oct 2016         30 Jun 20181               351,084          –            69,770                  –           281,314

                        13 Oct 2016        30 Sep 20191             1,990,600           –          307,499            154,867          1,528,234

                        29 Nov 2016         30 Jun 20181               172,842          –                  –                 –           172,842

                        29 Nov 2016        30 Sep 20191                876,978          –                  –            30,697           846,281

                        10 Aug 2017         30 Jun 20191               595,950          –          161,690                   –           434,260

                        10 Aug 2017         30 Sep 2020             2,546,080           –                  –            94,407         2,451,673

                        29 Nov 2017         30 Jun 20191               197,226          –                  –                 –           197,226

                        29 Nov 2017         30 Sep 2020                895,879          –                  –                 –           895,879

                        16 Aug 2018         30 Jun 20201               203,500          –                  –            33,144           170,356

                        16 Aug 2018         30 Sep 2021                814,000          –                  –                 –           814,000

                         2 Nov 2018         30 Jun 20201               236,747          –                  –            25,920           210,827

                         2 Nov 2018         30 Sep 2021                946,987          –                  –          113,578            833,409

                        29 Nov 2018         30 Jun 20201               134,980          –                  –            22,272           112,708

                        29 Nov 2018         30 Sep 2021                539,921          –                  –                 –           539,921

                        17 Oct 2019          30 Jun 2021                    –     459,767                  –            11,423           448,344

                        17 Oct 2019         30 Sep 2022                     –    1,839,067                 –            51,492         1,787,575

                        21 Nov 2019          30 Jun 2021                    –     134,199                  –                 –           134,199

                        21 Nov 2019         30 Sep 2022                     –     536,797                  –                 –           536,797

                                Total                              13,183,915    2,969,830         835,420            537,800         14,780,525
              1
                  The balance of rights at end of the year have vested and remain available for employees to exercise into shares.




               74       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

                           Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                               74
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020


               2019
                                                              Balance            Granted        Converted           Forfeited             Balance
                                             Vesting         at start of           during           during             during            at end of
               Grant Date                      Date           the year           the year         the year           the year             the year
                                                              Number             Number            Number            Number               Number

               30 Jan 2015             30 Sep 2018            714,750                   –         706,356              8,394                     –




For personal use only
               11 Nov 2015             30 Jun 20171           319,693                   –           20,368                  –            299,325

               11 Nov 2015             30 Sep 20181         1,785,600                   –         289,747            131,298           1,364,555

               19 Nov 2015             30 Jun 20171           181,001                   –                –                  –            181,001

               19 Nov 2015             30 Sep 20181           893,851                   –                –            57,591             836,260

               13 Oct 2016             30 Jun 20181           462,284                   –           98,559            12,641             351,084

               13 Oct 2016             30 Sep 2019          2,022,600                   –                –            32,000           1,990,600

               29 Nov 2016             30 Jun 20181           172,842                   –                –                  –            172,842

               29 Nov 2016             30 Sep 2019            876,978                   –                –                  –            876,978

               10 Aug 2017              30 Jun 2019           665,320                   –                –            69,370             595,950

               10 Aug 2017             30 Sep 2020          2,661,280                   –                –           115,200           2,546,080

               29 Nov 2017              30 Jun 2019           224,121                   –                –            26,895             197,226

               29 Nov 2017             30 Sep 2020            895,879                   –                –                  –            895,879

               16 Aug 2018              30 Jun 2020                   –          203,500                 –                  –            203,500

               16 Aug 2018             30 Sep 2021                    –          814,000                 –                  –            814,000

               2 Nov 2018               30 Jun 2020                   –          259,147                 –            22,400             236,747

               2 Nov 2018              30 Sep 2021                    –        1,036,587                 –            89,600             946,987

               29 Nov 2018              30 Jun 2020                   –          134,980                 –                  –            134,980

               29 Nov 2018             30 Sep 2021                    –          539,921                 –                  –            539,921

               Total                                       11,876,199          2,988,135         1,115,030           565,389          13,183,915
              1
                  The balance of rights at end of the year have vested and remain available for employees to exercise into shares.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   75

                        Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                    75
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              26. Share-Based Payments (continued)
              Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2020 is as follows:


               Right grant date                                                    17 October 2019                17 October 2019               17 October 2019
               Number of rights granted                                                      459,767                    1,716,967                       122,100
               Vesting date                                                           30 June 2021           30 September 2022                30 September 2022




For personal use only
               Performance Measure                                                              KPIs                         KPIs                          TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's
               shares                                                                           50%                          50%                           50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                                        0.61%                        0.75%                         0.75%
               Expected dividend yield                                                             –                            –                             –
               Share price at grant date                                                       $1.15                        $1.15                         $1.15
               Assessed fair value                                                             $1.15                        $1.15                         $0.71



               Right grant date                                                  21 November 2019                 21 November 2019            21 November 2019
               Number of rights granted                                                      134,199                        375,758                     161,039
               Vesting date                                                              30 June 2021             30 September 2022           30 September 2022
               Performance Measure                                                              KPIs                          KPIs                          TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's
               shares                                                                            50%                           50%                          50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                                         0.57%                         0.70%                        0.70%
               Expected dividend yield                                                             –                                –                         –
               Share price at grant date                                                        $1.29                         $1.29                        $1.29
               Assessed fair value                                                              $1.29                         $1.29                        $0.85


              Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2019 is as follows:


               Right grant date                                      16 August 2018             16 August 2018           16 August 2018         2 November 2018
               Number of rights granted                                        203,500                  691,900                 122,100                  259,147
               Vesting date                                                30 June 2020      30 September 2021        30 September 2021             30 June 2020
               Performance Measure                                                KPIs                    KPIs                          TSR                 KPIs
               Expected price volatility of the
               company's shares                                                    50%                     50%                          50%                 50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                           1.76%                   2.04%                      2.04%                 1.71%
               Expected dividend yield                                               –                       –                            –                       –
               Share price at grant date                                          $1.26                   $1.26                      $1.26                 $1.39
               Assessed fair value                                                $1.26                   $1.26                      $0.85                 $1.39



               Right grant date                                   2 November 2018            29 November 2018        29 November 2018         29 November 2018
               Number of rights granted                                      1,036,587                  134,980                377,945                  161,976
               Vesting date                                      30 September 2021                 30 June 2020      30 September 2021        30 September 2021
               Performance Measure                                                KPIs                     KPIs                      KPIs                  TSR
               Expected price volatility of the
               company's shares                                                   50%                      50%                       50%                   50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                           2.05%                    1.68%                     2.01%                 2.01%
               Expected dividend yield                                               –                        –                          –                    –
               Share price at grant date                                         $1.39                    $1.48                     $1.48                 $1.48
               Assessed fair value                                               $1.39                    $1.48                     $1.48                 $1.13

              Share price volatility and the risk-free interest rate are obtained through an independent valuation.




               76       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

                           Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                    76
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              Shares
              (a) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)
              All staff are eligible to participate in the Starpharma Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan). The objective of the $1,000 Plan is to assist in
              the reward, retention and motivation of employees of the group. An annual allocation of up to $1,000 of shares may be granted and
              taxed on a concessional basis. Shares are granted under the $1,000 Plan for no consideration and are escrowed for 3 years whilst
              participants are employed by the group.

              (b) Fair value of shares granted
              The weighted average fair value at grant date of shares granted under the $1,000 Plan during the year ended 30 June 2020 was $1.22




For personal use only
              (2019: $1.10 per share). The fair value at grant date is determined by the share price on the date of grant. These shares were granted
              for no consideration. There was no allocation of shares under the plan to key management personnel.

              Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2020 is as follows:

               Share grant date                                                                                                          24 January 2020
               Number of shares granted                                                                                                              32,920
               Share price at grant date                                                                                                              $1.22
               Assessed fair value                                                                                                                    $1.22



              Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2019 is as follows:

               Share grant date                                                                                                          8 February 2019
               Number of shares granted                                                                                                              34,542
               Share price at grant date                                                                                                              $1.10
               Assessed fair value                                                                                                                    $1.10



              Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
              Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the period were as follows:

                                                                                                     30 June 2020                            30 June 2019
                                                                                                            $’000                                   $’000

               Employee shares issued                                                                            40                                       38

               Employee performance rights                                                                    3,565                                   3,334

                                                                                                              3,605                                   3,372




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   77

                        Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                    77
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2020

              27. Parent Entity Financial Information

              (a) Summary financial information
              The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                                            Parent

                                                                                                       30 June 2020   30 June 2019




For personal use only
                                                                                                              $'000          $'000
                 Balance Sheet
                 Current assets                                                                              25,514         37,897
                 Total assets                                                                                25,514         37,897
                 Current liabilities                                                                            691           630
                 Total liabilities                                                                              691           630
                 Shareholders’ equity
                 Contributed equity                                                                         193,661        193,621
                 Reserves                                                                                    19,433         16,266
                 Accumulated losses                                                                       (188,270)      (172,619)
                 Loss for the year                                                                         (15,651)       (12,935)
                 Total comprehensive income                                                                (15,651)       (12,935)


              (b) Contingencies of the parent entity
              The parent entity has no contingent assets or liabilities at 30 June 2020 (2019: nil).




               78       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

                           Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                       78
              Directors’ Declaration for the year ended 30 June 2020




              In the directors’ opinion:

              (a) the financial statements and notes set out on pages 50 to 78 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                    (i) complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements; and




For personal use only
                    (ii) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2020 and of its performance for the financial year
                         ended on that date; and

              (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.

              Note 1(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
              Accounting Standards Board.

              The directors have been given the declarations by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer required by section 295A of the Corporations
              Act 2001.

              This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




              Robert B Thomas AO
              Chairman
              Melbourne, 27 August 2020




                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   79

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                            79
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 2]




                individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
              Independent          auditor’s report
                users taken on he basis of the financial report.




For personal use only
              To the members of Starpharma Holdings Limited
                  We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
                  opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
              Report    on the audit of the financial report
                  structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.

              OurThe
                  opinion
                     Group operates in the biotechnology industry, undertaking development of dendrimer technology
                  foropinion:
              In our  pharmaceutical, life science and other applications. The Group owns a portfolio of proprietary
                  technology with applications in different stages between development and commercialisation.
              The accompanying financial report of Starpharma Holdings Limited (the Company) and its controlled
              entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
              (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2020 and of its financial
                  performance for the year then ended
              (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

              What we have audited
              The Group financial report comprises:
              ●                Materiality
                     the consolidated   balance sheet as at 30 June 2020    Audit scope                       Key audit matters
              ●      the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
                 For the purpose of our audit we used          Our audit focused on where the        Amongst other relevant topics, we
              ● overall
                     the consolidated   statement
                         Group materiality of $0.76of changes in    equity
                                                                 Group      forsubjective
                                                                         made   the year judgements;
                                                                                           then ended   communicated the following key
              ● million,
                     the which
                         consolidated   statement
                                represents           of cash flows
                                            approximately        forfor the year
                                                                     example,     then ended
                                                                               significant accounting   audit matters to the Audit and Risk
              ● 5% ofthethe Group’s adjusted
                         consolidated   incomeloss before        estimates
                                                  statement for the         involving
                                                                      year then   endedassumptions      Committee:
                  tax.                                           and inherently uncertain future
              ●      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant
                                                                 events.                               Disposal of Starpharma
                     accounting policies                                                                Agrochemicals
                 We applied this threshold, together with
              ● qualitative
                     the directors’ declaration.
                             considerations, to determine       All audit procedures are performed    Research and development tax
                        the scope of our audit and the nature,             by PwC Australia, consistent with   incentive
              Basis forand
                timing  opinion
                           extent of our audit procedures                                                 These are further described in the
                                                                           the location of Group management
                   and to evaluate the effect of                           and financial records.          Key audit matters section of our
              We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilitiesreport.
                                                                                                                           under
                   misstatements on the financial report as a
              those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                   whole.                                           We tailored the scope of our audit
              section of our report.
                                                                     taking into account the accounting
                 We chose Group adjusted loss before tax            processes and controls, and the
              We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                   because, in our view, it is the benchmark         industry in which the Group
              our against
                   opinion. which the performance of the             operates.
                   Group is most commonly measured. We
              Independence
                   adjusted for the impact of the gain on
              We disposal
                   are independent      of the
                             of Starpharma      Group in accordance
                                             Agrochemicals   as         with the auditor independence requirements of the
              Corporations      Act  2001   and  the ethical
                   the financial statement line item is not  requirements     of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
              Standards     Board’s
                   expected to        APES
                                 reoccur     has aCode of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                                         and 110
              Standards)     (the Code)
                   disproportionate        that
                                      impact  onare
                                                  therelevant
                                                      earnings to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
              fulfilled
                   resultour
                          for other  ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
                              the period.

                   We utilised a 5% threshold based on our
                    professional judgement, noting it is
                    within the range of commonly acceptable
                    profit related thresholds in the
                    biotechnology industry.
                 PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                 2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                 T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au
                                                                                                                           Page 80 of 88
                 Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




               80       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020



              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                    80
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 3]




               OurKey audit
                   audit    matters
                         approach




For personal use only
               An Key   audit
                  audit is    matters
                           designed  toare those matters
                                        provide  reasonable that, in our about
                                                              assurance   professional judgement,
                                                                                 whether the       were of
                                                                                              financial    most
                                                                                                        report     significance
                                                                                                               is free from      in
                   our audit of
               material         the financial
                         misstatement.         report formay
                                        Misstatements     the arise
                                                               current   period.
                                                                      due to     The
                                                                             fraud orkey audit
                                                                                      error.    matters
                                                                                             They are were    addressed
                                                                                                      considered           in if
                                                                                                                    material  the
                   context of
               individually   our audit
                            or in        of the
                                  aggregate,    financial
                                              they could report    as a be
                                                          reasonably    whole,  and in
                                                                           expected to forming
                                                                                       influenceour
                                                                                                 theopinion
                                                                                                     economicthereon,   andof
                                                                                                                decisions    we do
                   not
               users    provide
                     taken      a basis
                            on theseparate  opinion
                                         of the      on these
                                                financial       matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
                                                           report.
                   particular audit procedure is made in that context.
               We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion
               on theKey  audit report
                      financial matteras a whole, taking into account the geographic
                                                                                 How ourand audit addressedstructure
                                                                                                management     the key audit
                                                                                                                          of thematter
               Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.
                        Disposal of Starpharma Agrochemicals (Refer to
                        note 23)
               The Group operates in the biotechnology industry, undertaking development of dendrimer technology for
               pharmaceutical,
                    During Junelife science
                                2017 the    and other
                                          Group         applications.
                                                disposed of the        The Group
                                                                Starpharma       owns a
                                                                              We read theportfolio of proprietary
                                                                                          Starpharma              technology
                                                                                                       Agrochemicals share sale and
               with applications
                    Agrochemicalin  different
                                 business  andstages between
                                               associated      development
                                                          net assets with    and commercialisation.
                                                                              purchase agreement (SPA) to obtain an understanding of
                        carrying value of $7.5m for a cash consideration of $35       the terms of the transaction and performed the following
                        million, as described in note 23, realising a gain of $24.7   procedures:
                        million within the consolidated income statement.
                                                                                              Assessed the presentation and disclosure of the
                        On disposal the accumulated foreign currency translation               Agrochemicals business as a discontinued
                        reserve (FCTR) of $1.3 million related to Dendritic                    operation against the requirements of the
                        Nanotechnologies Inc has been recycled to the                          relevant Australian Accounting Standards.
                        consolidated income statement.
                                                                                              Obtained managements calculation of the gain
                        This is a key audit matter due to the fact that the                    on disposal and agreed:
                        transaction is material to the financial statements.
                                                                                                    o   Cash proceeds to the SPA and bank
                                   Materiality                                 Audit scope                   Key audit matters
                                                                                                        records
                                                                                                  o Material transaction costs incurred to
                 ●      For the purpose of our audit we used       ● Our audit focused on where the bank ● records
                                                                                                             Amongst other relevant
                        overall Group materiality of $714,000,       Group made subjective                   topics,  we
                        which represents approximately 5% of                                      o Net assets     transferred   to the SPA and
                                                                     judgements; for example,                communicated      the financial
                                                                                                      their value to the Group’s
                        the Group’s loss before tax.
                                                                     significant accounting estimates recordsfollowing key audit
                 ●      We applied this threshold, together
                        with qualitative considerations, to          involving assumptions and o FCTR matters          to the Audit
                                                                                                              to the Group’s   financial records
                        determine the scope of our audit and         inherently uncertain future             and Risk Committee:
                        the nature, timing and extent of our         events.                 Agreed the      − Research
                                                                                                         calculation        and
                                                                                                                       of the results of
                        audit procedures and to evaluate the                                                 development
                                                                   ● All audit procedures are discontinued operations  for Tax
                                                                                                                           both the current
                        effect of misstatements on the financial
                        report as a whole.                           performed by PwC Australia,             Incentive
                                                                                              year and prior year to the Group’s financial
                                                                     consistent with the location of
                                                                                              records.   ● − Revenue Recognition
                 ●      We chose Group loss before tax
                        because, in our view, it is the              Group management and                     under AASB 15
                        benchmark against which the                  financial records       Assessed management’s    rationale and
                                                                                                              Revenue from
                        performance of the Group is most                                      judgement in determining
                                                                   ● We tailored the scope of our                         the classification of
                                                                                                              Contracts with
                        commonly measured.                           audit taking into accounthe
                                                                                               thegain on disposal in the Group’s income tax
                                                                                                              Customers
                 ●      We utilised a 5% threshold based on          accounting processes andprovision calculations.
                        our professional judgement, noting it is                                         ● These are further
                                                                     controls, and the industry in           described in the Key
                        within the range of commonly
                        acceptable thresholds.                       which the Group operates.               audit matters section of
                                                                                                              our report.




                                                                                                                                Page 81 of 88




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   81


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                      81
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 4]




               Key audit matters




For personal use only
               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
               audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context of
               our audit
                    Key of  the financial
                          audit  matter report as a whole, and in forming ourHowopinion  thereon,
                                                                                   our audit      and wethe
                                                                                             addressed   do not
                                                                                                            keyprovide  a
                                                                                                                 audit matter
               separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit
                    Research and development tax incentive (Refer
               procedure  is made in that context. We communicated the key audit matters to the Audit and Risk
                    to note 3 critical accounting estimates)
               Committee.

                         Starpharma’s
                    Key audit     matter  research and development (R&D)             How We ourtested
                                                                                                  auditmanagement’s
                                                                                                         addressed the    estimate
                                                                                                                              key ofauditthe R&D
                                                                                                                                            matterTax
                         activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under an Incentive receivable to assess the amount accrued as at
                    Research      andGovernment
                         Australian    Development    tax Tax  Incentive
                                                          incentive. Management has         30 June 2017. As part of our procedures we:
                    (Refer  to notethese
                         assessed    3 critical accounting
                                           activities        estimates and
                                                      and expenditure   to determine
                    judgements, note 6 expenses and note 9 current assets                           Compared the estimate recorded in the
                         their eligibility under the incentive scheme. The R&D
                    - trade and other receivables)
                         Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30                     financial statements as at 30 June 2016 to the
                                                                                     We have performed
                                                                                                     amount theoffollowing   procedures
                                                                                                                   cash received           to assess of the
                                                                                                                                     after lodgement
                    The June
                         Group’s2017  was $3.5
                                   research   andmillion.
                                                  development (R&D)                  the Group’s estimate of the R&D Tax Incentive
                    activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under                        R&D Tax Incentive claim to assess historical
                                                                                     receivable as at 30 June 2020:
                    an This
                        Australian   Government
                               is a key audit       Taxdue to
                                               matter    Incentive. Thethat
                                                               the fact Groupthe                     accuracy of the estimate.
                    has assessed    these activities
                         amount accrued              and related
                                             in the financial     expenditure
                                                              statements       to
                                                                           is material
                                                                                     ● compared the estimate recorded in the financial
                    determine their eligibility under the incentive scheme.                       as at
                                                                                                     Compared      the  nature   of the  R&Dof cash
                                                                                                                                               expenditure
                         and there is a degree of judgement and interpretation ofstatements               30 June     2019  to the  amount
                         the R&D tax legislation required by management to              received after lodgement
                                                                                                     included         of the
                                                                                                                 in the      R&Dyear
                                                                                                                         current    Tax estimate
                                                                                                                                         Incentiveto the
                    The R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded as at 30                  claim to assess  historical  accuracy of the estimate;
                                                                                                     prior   year estimate.
                    Juneassess
                          2020 the
                                 waseligibility  of the
                                      $5.67 million      R&D
                                                       and    expenditure
                                                           $5.67 million wasunder the
                         scheme.
                    recognised   as contra R&D expense in the income                 ● compared the nature of the underlying R&D
                    statement for the period ended 30 June 2020.                                    Assessed the nature of the expenses against the
                                                                                        expenditure included in the current year estimate to
                                                                                                     eligibility
                                                                                        the prior year  estimate; criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                    This is a key audit matter due to:                                               programme.
                                                                                     ● assessed the nature of the expenses against the
                    ● the significance of the amount receivable as at 30                eligibility
                                                                                                  criteria
                                                                                                     Agreed of the
                                                                                                                the eligible
                                                                                                                    R&D Tax     Incentive in the estimate
                                                                                                                             expenditure
                        June 2020; and                                                  programme;to the general ledger.

                    ● the degree of judgement and interpretation of the              ● assessed theObtained
                                                                                                     treatment of theof
                                                                                                                      JobKeeper  receiptswith the
                      R&D tax legislation required by the Group to assess                                    copies     correspondence
                                                                                       within the eligible R&D expenditure
                                                                                                    ATO related  to the claimcalculation;
                                                                                                                              and agreed the
                      the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the
                      scheme.                                                                       assessment to management’s estimate.
                                                                                     ● agreed the eligible expenditure in the estimate to the
                                                                                       general ledger or other underlying accounting
                                                                                       records;    Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                                    company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                                                                                                    the of
                                                                                     ● obtained copies  advice to the current
                                                                                                           correspondence     calculation and the
                                                                                                                            with the
                                                                                       company’s external   tax advisor and agreed the
                                                                                                    2016 lodgement.
                                                                                       advice to the R&D Tax Incentive calculation for the
                                                                                       current financial year; and
                                                                                                   Assessed the classification of the amount in the
                                                                                                    financial statements.
                                                                                     ● assessed the classification of the amount in the
                                                                                       financial statements.




                                                                                                                                        Page 82 of 88




               82       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020



              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  82
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 5]




                 Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter




For personal use only
                    Otherrecognition
                 Revenue     information    under AASB 15 Revenue
                 from Contracts with Customers
                    Theto note
                 (Refer   directors
                                1    are  responsible
                                  Significant          for the
                                               Accounting      other
                                                          Policies andinformation. The other information comprises the
                 note 5 revenue and
                    Chairman’s        othertoincome)
                                   Letter      shareholders, CEO’s Report, Corporate and Social Responsibility, Director’s
                        Report, Operating and Financial Review, Corporate Governance Statement, Shareholder Information,
                 TheIntellectual
                     Group recognises licensing,
                                 Property  Reportproduct sales, royalty
                                                    and Corporate          We have
                                                                      Directory    performed
                                                                                included       theGroup’s
                                                                                          in the    followingannual
                                                                                                              procedures to assess
                                                                                                                     report for the year
                 and research revenues from arrangements with              the Group’s revenue  recognition
                    ended 30 June 2017 but does not include the financial        report and  our   auditor’sfor the period
                                                                                                              report       ended
                                                                                                                      thereon.
                 commercial partners.                                      30 June 2020:

                 TheOur
                      Groupopinion   on the financial
                              has recognised            report
                                              $6.03 million     does not cover
                                                             of revenue        the other information and accordingly we do not
                                                                             ● obtained an understanding of the Group’s
                 fromexpress   any
                        contracts   form of
                                  with       assurance
                                       customers          conclusion
                                                   for the period      thereon. contractual arrangements with commercial
                                                                  ended 30
                 June 2020.                                                     partners, focusing on the identification of
                     In connection with our audit of the financial report, our        responsibility
                                                                                performance           is to read
                                                                                              obligations, licensethe other  information
                                                                                                                   arrangements and
                 Thisidentified
                       is a key audit matter
                                  above  and,due
                                               in to the nature
                                                   doing        of the whether the
                                                          so, consider          the associated recognitionisofmaterially
                                                                                     other information         fixed and variable
                                                                                                                          inconsistent
                 Group’s contractual arrangements and complexity of
                     with the financial report or our knowledge obtainedconsideration,
                                                                                 in the audit, royalty  income and product sales;
                                                                                               or otherwise     appears to be materially
                 applying the accounting standard to those contractual
                     misstated.
                 arrangements.                                               ● tested a selection of transactions to the underlying
                                                                                 supporting documentation;
                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                        other information, we are required to report that ●fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                                                                             evaluated the adequacy of disclosures in the annual
                                                                                 financial report required under AASB 15.
                        Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                    The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
                    true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and Corporations Act 2001 and
               Otherfor information
                         such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
               The financial    report that
                    directors are            givesfor
                                    responsible    a the
                                                      true and
                                                           otherfair view    and isThe
                                                                  information.       free  from material
                                                                                        other   information  misstatement,
                                                                                                               comprises thewhether     due to
                                                                                                                               information
                    fraudinorthe
               included        error.
                                  annual report for the year ended 30 June 2020, but does not include the financial report
               and our auditor’s report thereon.
                    In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
               Our continue
                    opinion on  asthe
                                   a going  concern,
                                      financial  reportdisclosing,   as applicable,
                                                          does not cover    the othermatters      related
                                                                                        information     andtoaccordingly
                                                                                                              going concern
                                                                                                                          we and
                                                                                                                              do notusing the
                    going
               express   anyconcern
                              form ofbasis  of accounting
                                       assurance   conclusion unless   the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                                                                 thereon.
                    operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
               In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                    Auditor’s
               and, in             responsibilities
                         doing so, consider   whether the forother
                                                               the audit      of theis materially
                                                                     information       financial report
                                                                                                     inconsistent with the financial
               report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                    fromon
               If, based    material
                              the workmisstatement,     whetherondue
                                        we have performed           thetoother
                                                                           fraud  or error, and
                                                                                information         towe
                                                                                                 that  issue an auditor’s
                                                                                                          obtained         report
                                                                                                                    prior to        thatof
                                                                                                                             the date
               this includes
                    auditor’s our   opinion.
                                report,       Reasonable
                                        we conclude          assurance
                                                        that there  is a is a  high level
                                                                         material            of assurance,
                                                                                    misstatement      of thisbut is not a
                                                                                                              other       guarantee
                                                                                                                    information,    wethat
                                                                                                                                        are an
                    auditto report
               required     conducted   infact. We
                                     that  accordance
                                                    havewith    the to
                                                           nothing   Australian   Auditing
                                                                         report in this        Standards will always detect a material
                                                                                          regard.
                    misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                    if, individually or
               Responsibilities       of in thedirectors
                                          the   aggregate,for theythe
                                                                    could   reasonably
                                                                        financial          be expected to influence the economic
                                                                                       report
                    decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.
               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
               and Afair  view in
                       further    accordanceofwith
                                 description    our Australian     Accounting
                                                      responsibilities            Standards
                                                                          for the audit   of the and the  Corporations
                                                                                                   financial report  is Act
                                                                                                                       located2001   and for
                                                                                                                                 at the
               suchAuditing
                     internal and
                                control as the directors
                                     Assurance   Standards determine
                                                               Board is     necessary
                                                                        website  at: to enable the preparation of the financial
               report   that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement,
                    http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf.                               whether
                                                                                                This description      due part
                                                                                                                   forms   to fraud  or
                                                                                                                                of our
               error.
                    auditor's report.




                                                                                                                                 Page 83 of 88




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   83

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                      83
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 5]




               In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to




For personal use only
               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
               going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
               operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                          Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
               Auditor’s responsibilities
                   Research               for tax
                            and development   the incentive
                                                   audit of (Refer
                                                            the financial report
               Our to  note 3 are
                   objectives   critical accounting
                                      to obtain         estimates)
                                                   reasonable   assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
               from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
               our opinion.   Reasonable
                     Starpharma’s              assurance is
                                      research and            a high(R&D)
                                                      development                      We but
                                                                      level of assurance,  tested  management’s
                                                                                                is not a guarantee estimate of the
                                                                                                                      that an auditR&D Tax
               conducted    in are
                     activitiesaccordance      with
                                     eligible for a the   Australian
                                                     refundable        Auditing
                                                                 tax offset            Incentive
                                                                                   Standards
                                                                            under an              receivable to
                                                                                              will always       assess
                                                                                                           detect  a the   amount accrued as at
                                                                                                                     material
               misstatement
                     Australianwhen it     exists.tax incentive.
                                  Government        Misstatements can
                                                                  Management      from 30
                                                                            arisehas      June
                                                                                       fraud  or2017.
                                                                                                 errorAs  part
                                                                                                        and areof our  procedures
                                                                                                                 considered        we: if,
                                                                                                                               material
               individually
                     assessedor in
                                thesethe  aggregate,
                                       activities and they   could to
                                                        expenditure  reasonably
                                                                        determinebe expected to influence the economic decisions of
               users their
                     taken on    the basis
                           eligibility underofthethe  financial
                                                    incentive    report.
                                                              scheme.   The R&D                 Compared the estimate recorded in the
                          Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30             financial statements as at 30 June 2016 to the
               A further
                     Junedescription
                          2017 was $3.5of million.                                       amount
                                          our responsibilities for the audit of the financial    of cash
                                                                                              report      receivedatafter
                                                                                                      is located          lodgement of the
                                                                                                                     the Auditing
               and Assurance Standards Board website at:          http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf.
                                                                                         R&D  Tax Incentive claim to assess historical
               This This
                    description  forms part
                         is a key audit matterofdue
                                                 ourto the
                                                      auditor's  report.
                                                           fact that the                 accuracy of the estimate.
                          amount accrued in the financial statements is material
               Report  on isthe
                  and there      remuneration
                             a degree of judgement andreport
                                                      interpretation of                      Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                   the R&D tax legislation required by management to                          included in the current year estimate to the
                   assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the                    prior year estimate.
               Our opinion    on the remuneration          report
                   scheme.
               We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 20 to 41 of the the
                                                                                 Assessed  directors’  report
                                                                                                 nature of  the for the year
                                                                                                                expenses  against the
               ended 30 June 2020.                                               eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                                                                                              programme.
               In our opinion, the remuneration report of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June
               2020 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Agreed the eligible expenditure in the estimate
                                                                                              to the general ledger.
               Responsibilities
                                                                                             Obtained copies of correspondence with the
               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
                                                                                 ATOpresentation
                                                                                      related to theof the and
                                                                                                     claim  remuneration
                                                                                                                 agreed the
               report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our  responsibility   is
                                                                                 assessment to management’s  to express  an
                                                                                                                 estimate.
               opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian
               Auditing Standards.                                              Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                              company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                                                                                              the advice to the current calculation and the
                                                                                              2016 lodgement.

               PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                        Assessed the classification of the amount in the
                                                                                              financial statements.




                 Brad Peake                                                                                                Melbourne
                 Partner                                                                                               27 August 2020




                                                                                                                               Page 82 of 88




               84       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                      84
              Shareholder Information

              The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 19 August 2020.

              Supplementary information as required by ASX listing requirements.


              A. Distribution of Equity Shareholders
              Analysis of numbers of equity security holders by size of holding




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               Class of equity security

                                                                                                               Shares               Performance rights

               1 –1,000                                                                                          1,671                                      –
               1,001–5,000                                                                                       2,423                                      –
               5,001–10,000                                                                                      1,075                                      –
               10,001–100,000                                                                                    1,493                                   20
               100,001 and over                                                                                    253                                   22

               Total                                                                                             6,915                                   42


              There were 586 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.




              B. Equity Security Holders
              The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:
                                                                                                                                      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                            Percentage
                        Name                                                                          Number held                     of issued shares

              1.        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                      121,436,040                                  32.59
              2.        JP Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                         49,959,725                                 13.41
              3.        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                    20,348,290                                  5.46
              4.        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                    9,579,940                                  2.57
              5.        National Nominees Limited                                                         8,387,362                                  2.25
              6.        T & N Argyrides Investments P/L <T & N Argyrides Pension A/C>                     5,000,000                                  1.34
              7.        Mirrabooka Investments Limited                                                    3,979,571                                  1.07
              8.        Applecross Secretarial Services Pty Ltd <L Gorr Family A/C>                       3,361,550                                  0.90
              9         Ms Jacinth Fairley                                                                3,252,386                                  0.87
              10.       Mr Kingsley Bryan Bartholomew                                                     3,067,072                                  0.82
              11.       Mr Peter Murray Jackson                                                           3,000,000                                  0.81
              12        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>                             2,956,271                                  0.79
              13.       HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited - A/C 2                                 2,487,616                                  0.67
              14.       Dollar Coin Investments Pty Ltd <Cousins Discretionary A/C>                       1,990,030                                  0.53
              15.       Merrill Lynch (Australia) Nominees Pty Limited                                    1,622,100                                  0.44
              16.       Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation                      1,448,798                                  0.39
              17.       Mr Mario Thomas Argyrides                                                         1,439,900                                  0.39
              18.       Mr David Michael Hosey + Mrs Andrea Jane Hosey                                    1,395,684                                  0.37
              19.       Mr Richard Grant Oliver                                                           1,345,267                                  0.36
              20.       Applecross Secretarial Services Pty Ltd                                           1,118,588                                  0.30
                                                                                                       247,176,190                                  66.34




                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   85

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                             85
              Shareholder Information


                                                                                                                Unquoted equity securities over ordinary shares

               Name                                                                                              Number on issue               Number of holders
               Employee Performance Rights                                                                              14,750,525                              42




For personal use only
              C. Substantial Holders
              Substantial shareholders with a shareholding greater than 5% as shown in substantial shareholder notices received by the company as at 19
              August 2020:


                                                                                                                                                  Ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                                    Percentage of
               Name                                                                                                  Number held                     issue shares
              Allan Gray Australia Pty Ltd                                                                              53,431,698                           14.37

              M&G Investment Funds                                                                                      45,186,512                           12.15

              UIL Limited                                                                                               19,046,000                             5.12

              Allianz SE                                                                                                18,648,131                             5.01

              FIL Limited                                                                                               18,632,740                             5.00




              D. Voting Rights
              The voting rights attached to each class of equity securities are set out below:
              (a) Ordinary shares                      On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and on a poll
                                                       each share shall have one vote.
              (b) Performance Rights                   No voting rights.




               86       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                    86
              Intellectual Property Report


              The Starpharma patent portfolio currently has around 15 active patent families with over 150 granted patents and more than 30 patent
              applications pending.


              This year Starpharma also filed new provisional patents covering our SPL7013 COVID-19 nasal spray, DEP® radiotherapeutic products, DEP®
              HER-2 Targeted ADC’s and DEP® gemcitabine.




For personal use only
              Key patents within the Starpharma portfolio as at 31 July 2020:


                                                                  Priority Date &
                                    Title                                                        Patents Granted                  Applications Pending
                                                                Publication Number

                   VivaGel® Patent Portfolio
                   Agents for the Prevention & Treatment           30 March 2001             Australia, Brazil, Canada,
                   of Sexually Transmitted Diseases                WO02/079299              China, Europe, Hong Kong,
                                                                                           Japan, Mexico, New Zealand,
                                                                                           Singapore, South Korea, USA

                   Microbicidal Dendrimer Composition             18 October 2005          Australia, Canada, Europe,
                   Delivery System (Condom related)               WO2007/045009             Hong Kong, India, Japan,
                                                                                             Malaysia, Mexico, New
                                                                                          Zealand, Russian Federation,
                                                                                           South Korea, Taiwan, USA
                   Method of Treatment or Prophylaxis of           16 May 2011              Australia, Canada, China,           Brazil, China, Hong Kong,
                   Bacterial Vaginosis                            WO2012/000891           Europe, Israel, Japan, Mexico,                   India
                                                                                           Russia, South Korea, USA


                   Method of Treatment or Prophylaxis of         13 September 2012          China, Europe, Hong Kong,             Canada, China, India,
                   Infection of the Eye                           WO2014/043576                    Japan, USA                         Japan, USA

                   Drug Delivery Patent Portfolio (includes DEP® Patents)
                   Macromolecules Compounds having                25 October 2005           Australia, Canada, Europe,
                   Controlled Stoichiometry                       WO2007/048190                         USA

                   Modified Macromolecules                        20 January 2006           Australia, Canada, China,                      Europe
                                                                  WO2007/082431           Hong Kong, India, Japan, USA

                   Targeted Polylysine Dendrimer                  11 August 2006                 China, India, USA                         Europe
                   Therapeutic Agent                              WO2008/017125

                   Macromolecules (Drug linkers)                   6 June 2011            Australia, China, Japan, South         Brazil, Canada, China,
                                                                  WO2012/167309                     Korea, USA                  Europe, Hong Kong, India,
                                                                                                                                          USA
                   Dendrimer Drug Conjugates                       6 June 2014                        Europe                             India, USA
                   (Insulin/GLP1)                                 WO 2015/184510

                   Therapeutic Dendrimer (Cabazitaxel)             19 July 2018                                                   International Patent
                                                                  WO2020/014750                                                 Cooperation Treaty (PCT)
                                                                                                                                       application
                   Dendrimer for Therapy and Imaging             29 November 2018                                                 International Patent
                                                                  WO2020/107078                                                 Cooperation Treaty (PCT)
                                                                                                                                       application
                   Therapeutic Dendrimer (Irinotecan)            20 November 2018                                                 International Patent
                                                                  WO2020/102852                                                 Cooperation Treaty (PCT)
                                                                                                                                       application




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020   87

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                                                      87
              Corporate Directory



              Company name                                                  Solicitors
              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   DLA Piper
              ABN 20 078 532 180                                            21/140 William Street
                                                                            Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia

              Directors




For personal use only
                                                                            Stock exchange listing
              R B Thomas AO – Chairman
              J K Fairley – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director   ASX Limited
              P R Turvey – Deputy Chairman                                  Level 4, North Tower, Rialto, 525 Collins Street,
              R A Hazleton                                                  Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia
              Z Peach
              D J McIntyre                                                  ASX Code: SPL

              Company Secretary
                                                                            Starpharma’s American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) trade under
              Nigel Baade                                                   the code SPHRY (CUSIP number 855563102). Each Starpharma
                                                                            ADR is equivalent to ten ordinary shares of Starpharma as traded
                                                                            on the ASX. The Bank of New York Mellon is the depositary bank.
              Registered office
              4-6 Southampton Crescent                                      Starpharma’s ADRs are listed on OTCQX International
              Abbotsford, Victoria 3067 Australia                           (www.otcmarkets.com), a premium market tier in the U.S. for
                                                                            international exchange-listed companies, operated by OTC
              Telephone +61 3 8532 2700                                     Markets Group.
              Fax +61 3 9510 5955

                                                                            Website address
              Postal address                                                www.starpharma.com
              PO Box 2022
              Preston VIC 3072 Australia


              Share register
              Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
              452 Johnston Street, Abbotsford VIC 3067

              GPO Box 2975
              Melbourne, VIC 3001

              1300 850 505 (within Australia)
              +613 9415 4000 (outside Australia)
              www.computershare.com


              Auditor
              PricewaterhouseCoopers
              2 Riverside Quay
              Southbank VIC 3006 Australia




               88       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020                                                                              88
For personal use only
               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED
               ABN 20 078 532 180
               4-6 Southampton Crescent
               Abbotsford
               VIC 3067 Australia
               Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
               www.starpharma.com
