                                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                             ABN 20 078 532 180


                                                                               Appendix 4E: Preliminary Financial Report
                                                                                                Year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                                                      Lodged with the ASX under Listing Rule 4.3A
                                                                                     Previous corresponding period (pcp): Year ended 30 June 2018

                        Results for announcement to the market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        $’000

                           Revenue from continuing operations
                                                                                               Down             45%     to             $2,708
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.1)

                           Loss from continuing operations after tax attributable to
                                                                                                 Up
                           members
                                                                                             (increase)         39%     to           $14,254
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.2)

                           Loss for the period attributable to members                           Up
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.3)                                            (increase)         39%     to           $14,254


                        Dividends (Appendix 4E items 2.4 and 2.5)
                        No dividends have been paid or declared by the entity since the beginning of the current reporting period. No dividends
                        were paid for the previous corresponding period. No record date for determining entitlements to dividends has been
                        declared.

                        Explanation of Revenue (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        Revenue of $2,708,000 (2018: $4,884,000) for the year includes commercial partner revenues from the initial product
                        supply, royalties and milestones related to the market launch of VivaGel® BV in Australia and Europe, and the VivaGel®
                        condom in Japan. Interest income on cash invested of $1,057,000 (2018: $1,072,000) is also included. The decrease in
                        revenue from the prior year is primarily due to the prior year including signature milestone payments of $2,955,000 for
                        the licensing of VivaGel® BV for Europe, Asia, South America, Middle East and Africa.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Explanation of Loss (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        The loss after tax is $14,254,000 (2018: $10,285,000 loss) reflecting the expensing of all research and development
                        expenditure and patenting costs associated with VivaGel® and DEP® programs. The loss has increased from the prior year,
                        due to the prior year including the above noted signature milestone payments, combined with increased commercial and
                        regulatory operating costs in FY19 related to the licensing and product launch of VivaGel® BV in multiple markets.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Financial Statements (Appendix 4E items 3, 4 and 5)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Retained Earnings / Accumulated Losses (Appendix 4E item 6)
                        Refer to note 17 in the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        NTA Backing (Appendix 4E item 9)
                        Net tangible asset backing per ordinary share at 30 June 2019 is $0.11 (2018: $0.14).

                        Other Significant Information (Appendix 4E item 12)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Commentary on Results (Appendix 4E item 14)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement, including the Operating and Financial Review in the
                        Directors’ Report.

                        Audit (Appendix 4E item 15 to 17)
                        The audit of the financial statements and notes has been completed and the Auditors’ Report to members is contained in
                        the Annual Report which follows this announcement. The above NTA backing calculation is considered a non-IFRS value
                        and has not been audited or reviewed in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

                        Appendix 4E items 7, 8, 10, 11, and 13 are not applicable.




                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LTD ABN 20 078 532 180
                                                4-6 Southampton Crescent, Abbotsford 3067, Victoria, Australia
                                                Tel: +61 3 8532 2700 Fax: +61 3 9510 5955 www.starpharma.com
For personal use only
                                 Starpharma annual report and full year financial results
                        Melbourne, Australia; 28 August 2019: Starpharma (ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY) today
                        released its annual report and financial results for the year ended 30 June 2019.
                        Financial Results
                        • Cash position at 30 June of $41.3M
                        • Net cash burn 1 of $10.1M (FY18: $9.9M)
                        • Total revenue and other income of $2.7M (FY18: $5.0M)
                        • Reported loss of $14.3M (FY18: $10.3M)
                        • Receipt of $4.0M R&D tax incentive

                        Key activities
                        VivaGel®
                        •     VivaGel® BV launched in Europe by Mundipharma, under the brand name Betadine
                              BVTM;
                        •     VivaGel® BV launched in Australia by Aspen Pharmacare, under the brand name
                              Fleurstat BVgel;
                        •     VivaGel® BV was licensed to ITF Pharma, Inc. for the US for milestones of up to US$101
                              million in addition to escalating royalties;
                        •     First Asian regulatory approvals received for BetadineTM BV Gel;
                        •     VivaGel® condom launched in Japan under Okamoto’s Zero Zero Three (‘003’) brand;
                        •     US FDA completed its review of the VivaGel® BV NDA and advised it requires
                              confirmatory clinical data prior to approval; and
                        •     Positive independent market research was conducted in the US for SPL7013 ophthalmic
                              drops for viral conjunctivitis and a patent was granted for the product.

                        DEP® drug delivery
                        •     Starpharma signed a Development and Option Agreement with AstraZeneca to progress
                              the development of a DEP® version of one of their major marketed oncology medicines;
                        •     First patent granted for Starpharma’s DEP® dendrimers with AstraZeneca’s Bcl2/xL
                              inhibitors, including AZD0466;
                        •     Clinical trials for DEP® docetaxel (phase 2) and DEP® cabazitaxel (phase 1 / 2)
                              progressed well with new sites opened and cohorts expanded;
                        •     Approval to commence DEP® irinotecan phase 1 / 2 trial;
                        •     DEP® irinotecan, showed significant efficacy and safety benefits over leading colorectal
                              cancer drugs irinotecan (Camptosar®) and cetuximab (Erbitux®), in the irinotecan-
                              refractory HT-29 human colon cancer model;

                        1 Net cash burn is considered a non-IFRS value and has not been audited in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards. Net cash burn is

                        calculated by the movement in cash and cash equivalents from 30 June 2018 to 30 June 2019.
                        •    DEP® irinotecan showed impressive efficacy and safety benefits over standard irinotecan
                             in combination with 5-FU in a human pancreatic cancer model;




For personal use only
                        •    DEP® docetaxel and DEP® cabazitaxel outperformed both gemcitabine and Abraxane® in
                             a human pancreatic cancer model; and
                        •    A range of DEP® radiopharmaceutical and other DEP® candidates are undergoing testing
                             in a variety of models.

                        Starpharma CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley, commented: “Starpharma has achieved significant
                        milestones across the business this year, including international product launches, new
                        commercial deals, and trial progress for our three high-potential, clinical-stage DEP®
                        products. The company is in a strong financial position with more than $40 million in cash at
                        bank. With our anticipated revenues from products on market and future launches, we are
                        well placed for future growth”.

                        Commenting further on the 2019 financial year’s achievements and outlook, Dr Fairley
                        added: “During the year, VivaGel® BV was launched in both Europe and Australia and we
                        recently received the first Asian regulatory approvals for this breakthrough product. VivaGel®
                        BV has now been licensed for more than 160 countries and we look forward to further
                        approvals and launches in the coming months across Mundipharma’s regions. We also
                        negotiated an attractive licensing deal for VivaGel® BV in the US with specialty
                        pharmaceutical company, ITF Pharma, Inc., however the US regulator has requested
                        confirmatory data and Starpharma is currently working to pursue approval as quickly as
                        possible to bring this innovative product to the US market”.

                        “In our DEP® portfolio, we were delighted to add another commercial deal with AstraZeneca
                        for a DEP® version of one of their major marketed oncology products, and are excited for the
                        first DEP® IND to be filed by AstraZeneca for AZD0466. We also progressed with our own
                        internal clinical DEP® programs - reporting positive interim results for both DEP® docetaxel
                        and DEP® cabazitaxel - and recently advanced our third internal DEP® product, DEP®
                        irinotecan, into the clinic. We also added a suite of excellent preclinical data from our DEP®
                        platform, further demonstrating the versatility of our drug delivery technology, and we
                        continued to build our pipeline of DEP® candidates”.

                        “In the year ahead, we look forward to our partner’s further launches of VivaGel® BV and
                        building sales momentum, while progressing our three clinical stage internal DEP® products
                        alongside AstraZeneca’s first DEP® product, AZD0466. We also continue to explore the
                        potential expansion opportunities for our clinical programs into new indications and
                        combination therapies to build further value in our DEP® products and to create the greatest
                        potential for patient outcomes”, concluded Dr Fairley.

                        About Starpharma
                        Starpharma Holdings Limited (ASX: SPL, OTCQX:SPHRY), located in Melbourne Australia, is an ASX 300 company and is a world leader in the
                        development of dendrimer products for pharmaceutical, life science and other applications.
                        Starpharma’s underlying technology is built around dendrimers – a type of synthetic nanoscale polymer that is highly regular in size and structure
                        and well suited to pharmaceutical and medical uses. Starpharma has two core development programs: VivaGel® portfolio and DEP® drug delivery
                        with the Company developing several products internally and others via commercial partnerships.
                        VivaGel®: Starpharma’s women’s health product - VivaGel® BV is based on SPL7013, astodrimer sodium, a proprietary dendrimer. VivaGel® BV
                        for bacterial vaginosis (BV), is available for sale under the brand name Betadine BVTM (Europe) and Fleurstat BVgel (Australia) and a new drug
                        application has been submitted to the US FDA. Starpharma has licensed the sales and marketing of VivaGel® BV to ITF Pharma for the US;
                        Mundipharma for Europe, Russia, CIS, Asia, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America; and to Aspen Pharmacare for Australia and New Zealand.
                        Starpharma also has licence agreements to market the VivaGel® condom (an antiviral condom which includes VivaGel® in the lubricant) in several



                                                                                                                                                                         2
                        regions, including Australia, Europe, Canada, China and Japan (Okamoto). The VivaGel® condom has been launched in Japan under Okamoto’s
                        003 brand, and in Australia and Canada under the Lifestyles® Dual Protect™ brand.




For personal use only
                        DEP® - Dendrimer Enhanced Product®: Starpharma’s DEP® drug delivery platform has demonstrated reproducible preclinical benefits across
                        multiple internal and partnered DEP® programs, including improved efficacy, safety and survival. Starpharma has three internal DEP® products –
                        DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan - in clinical development in patients with solid tumours. Starpharma’s partnered DEP®
                        programs include a multiproduct DEP® licence with AstraZeneca, which involves the development and commercialisation of two novel oncology
                        compounds, with potential to add more. In June 2019 Starpharma signed a Development and Option agreement with AstraZeneca for a DEP®
                        version of one of AstraZeneca’s major marketed oncology medicines.

                        Starpharma.com | Twitter | LinkedIn


                          Media                                                                                                         Starpharma
                          WE Buchan Consulting                                                                                          Dr Jackie Fairley, Chief Executive Officer
                          Rebecca Wilson                                          Arthur Chan                                           Nigel Baade, CFO and Company Secretary
                          Mob: +61 417 382 391                                    +61 2 9237 2805                                       +61 3 8532 2704
                          rwilson@buchanwe.com.au                                 achan@buchanwe.com.au                                 investor.relations@starpharma.com

                        Forward Looking Statements
                        This document contains certain forward-looking statements, relating to Starpharma’s business, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such
                        as “promising”, “plans”, “anticipated”, “will”, “project”, “believe”, “forecast”, “expected”, “estimated”, “targeting”, “aiming”, “set to”, “potential”, “seeking to”, “goal”, “could
                        provide”, “intends”, “is being developed”, “could be”, “on track”, or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential filings or marketing
                        approvals, or potential future sales of product candidates. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
                        cause actual results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. There can be no assurance
                        that any existing or future regulatory filings will satisfy the FDA’s and other authorities’ requirements regarding any one or more product candidates nor can there be
                        any assurance that such product candidates will be approved by any authorities for sale in any market or that they will reach any particular level of sales. In particular,
                        management’s expectations regarding the approval and commercialization of the product candidates could be affected by, among other things, unexpected trial results,
                        including additional analysis of existing data, and new data; unexpected regulatory actions or delays, or government regulation generally; our ability to obtain or maintain
                        patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection; competition in general; government, industry, and general public pricing pressures; and additional factors that
                        involve significant risks and uncertainties about our products, product candidates, financial results and business prospects. Should one or more of these risks or
                        uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed,
                        estimated or expected. Starpharma is providing this information as of the date of this document and does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking
                        statements contained in this document as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           3
For personal use only

                   Annual Report 2019
For personal use only
                        01   Highlights
                        02   Chairman’s Letter
                        03   CEO’s Report
                        12   Corporate and Social Responsibility
                        13   Directors’ Report
                        15       Operating & Financial Review
                        19       Remuneration Report
                        42   Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                        43   Corporate Governance Statement
                        49   Annual Financial Report
                        79   Independent Audit Report to the Members
                        84   Shareholder Information
                        86   Intellectual Property Report
                        87   Corporate Directory
                                                                                             HIGHLIGHTS




For personal use only
               VivaGel® BV launched                New DEP® agreement                    Progress with AstraZeneca
               in Europe & Australia               with AstraZeneca                      DEP® program AZD0466

               Betadine BVTM launched in Europe    Development and Option                US patent granted for DEP®
               by Mundipharma. Fleurstat BVgel     Agreement signed to progress          Bcl2/xL inhibitor conjugates;
               launched in Australia by Aspen.     development of a DEP® version         IND filing in 2H CY2019 for
                                                   of one of AstraZeneca’s major         AZD0466.
                                                   oncology products.

               VivaGel® BV first Asian region
               regulatory approvals

               First Asian region regulatory
               approvals received for
               BetadineTM BV Gel.

                                                   Phase 1 / 2 DEP® irinotecan trial     Progress with DEP® docetaxel
                                                                                         and DEP® cabazitaxel trials
                                                   Approval received to commence
                                                   phase 1 / 2 DEP® irinotecan           Positive interim results observed
                                                   trial (initial sites include The      in patients treated with DEP®
                                                   Christie, The Royal Marsden and       docetaxel and DEP® cabazitaxel
                                                   Newcastle Freeman Hospital).          in phase 1 / 2 trials; new sites
                                                                                         opened and cohorts expanded.

               US VivaGel® BV licence
                                                                                         DEP® outperforms in human
               VivaGel® BV licensed to ITF                                               pancreatic cancer model
               Pharma, Inc. for up to US$101M
               in milestones, plus royalties.                                            DEP® docetaxel and DEP®
                                                                                         cabazitaxel alone, and in
                                                                                         combination with standard
                                                                                         pancreatic cancer treatments,
                                                                                         outperform in a human pancreatic
                                                                                         cancer model.
               VivaGel® condom approved            DEP® irinotecan combinations
               and launched in Japan               outperform in cancer models

               Okamoto launched the VivaGel®       DEP® irinotecan combinations
               condom in Japan under its leading   outperform in both human
               ‘003’ brand.                        pancreatic cancer and colon
                                                   cancer models.




                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   1
                                                                       CHAIRMAN'S LETTER



                                                                       coming year, including in Asia, where first    novel and existing, with reproducible
                                                                       regulatory approvals were recently             benefits, both for patients and commercially.
                                                                       received.
                                                                                                                      Starpharma signed another commercial
                                                                       Starpharma also progressed with                DEP® deal during the year – to progress a
                                                                       regulatory submissions in other regions,       DEP® version of one of AstraZeneca’s
                                                                       including the US. The FDA did not grant our    major oncology drugs. The Development




For personal use only
                                                                       NDA approval on its first-round review, and    and Option Agreement was signed in June
                                                                       although they acknowledged the significant     and was structured in a novel and flexible
               On behalf of the Board,                                 unmet medical need for BV, the FDA             way to provide Starpharma with greater
               I am delighted to report on                             requested confirmatory clinical data.          ability to expedite the preclinical stage
               Starpharma’s achievements this year                     Starpharma is working with the agency and      work associated with this product.
               and our strategy for future growth.                     expert advisors on the optimum pathway to
                                                                                                                      We’re delighted to expand our
               Our strategy is to utilise our proprietary              approval, to bring the product to market in
                                                                                                                      AstraZeneca DEP® programs, having seen
               dendrimer technology to build a stable of               the US.
                                                                                                                      benefits in new potential drugs, but also
               high-value products and partnerships that               Navigating complex regulatory processes        how DEP® can improve existing major
               address significant unmet patient need for              to achieve approval in international           on-market cancer products. AstraZeneca’s
               the betterment of the community and our                 jurisdictions is not always straight-forward   first DEP® product, AZD0466 (a Bcl2/xL
               shareholders. To achieve this strategy, we              in healthcare. Our team has demonstrated       inhibitor) has already produced impressive
               will continue to pursue commercial deals to             remarkable diligence and tenacity in its       preclinical data and AstraZeneca expects
               enable our unique science and innovation                dealings with regulatory bodies in a number    to commence clinical trials for AZD0466
               to become products in the hands of                      of regions. As an example, an additional       later in the year, following allowance of
               patients and their doctors.                             review of the VivaGel® condom was              their US FDA investigational new drug
               In the recent past, we’ve signed commercial             completed during the year in Japan.            (IND) filing.
               deals with large global pharmaceutical                  Starpharma worked closely with its partner
                                                                                                                      As a Board, we are proud of these recent
               companies – most recently with                          Okamoto to secure approval, and shortly
                                                                                                                      achievements and the value created for
               AstraZeneca, Mundipharma and ITF                        after doing so, the condom was launched
                                                                                                                      our shareholders over the past few years.
               Pharma, Inc. Such partnerships have been                by Okamoto under their highly successful
                                                                                                                      We sincerely thank our CEO, Dr Jackie
               central to some of our most exciting                    ‘003’ brand. Okamoto is Japan’s leading
                                                                                                                      Fairley, and the entire Starpharma team for
               achievements this year.                                 marketer of condoms and receipts have
                                                                                                                      their determination and tremendous work
                                                                       already been received for this product.
               Starpharma has completed a series of                                                                   throughout multiple international product
               commercial deals in which we licensed our               Alongside the late-stage VivaGel® portfolio,   launches; new commercial deals;
               novel BV (bacterial vaginosis) product,                 we’ve also created a deep pipeline of          regulatory processes; and progress with
               VivaGel® BV, in more than 160 countries.                valuable DEP® products from our drug           our multiple clinical programs.
               We worked closely with our commercial                   delivery platform. Here, we’ve taken a
                                                                                                                      Our team has demonstrated their ability
               partners in undertaking international                   similar dendrimer scaffold to that used in
                                                                                                                      to deliver on key milestones all the way
               product launches, triggering the beginning              our proven, on-market VivaGel® products
                                                                                                                      from research and drug discovery, through
               of recurrent revenue and signalling an                  and attached other drugs to it, such as
                                                                                                                      to clinical development, approval and
               exciting new inflection point for the                   anti-cancer drugs. In doing so we have
                                                                                                                      commercialisation. Such achievements are
               company.                                                been able to ameliorate some of the very
                                                                                                                      only made possible through retaining and
                                                                       severe side-effects associated with those
               In June, VivaGel® BV was launched under                                                                building capacity in our people and
                                                                       drugs and improve their efficacy.
               the brand name ‘BetadineTM BV’ in Europe                                                               instilling a culture of innovation.
               by Mundipharma. This followed the                       To date, Starpharma has developed three
                                                                                                                      I would like to thank my fellow Board
               world-first launch of VivaGel® BV in                    dendrimer enhanced versions of major
                                                                                                                      members for their contribution again this
               Australia by Aspen Pharmacare under their               anti-cancer drugs to a clinical stage, and
                                                                                                                      year, and together, we thank our
               brand ‘Fleurstat BVgel’ in April. Now, for the          created a pipeline of further candidates.
                                                                                                                      shareholders for their ongoing support,
               first time, Australian women are able to                Thus far, the interim results from our
                                                                                                                      particularly our long-term investors who
               purchase a product for BV over-the-counter              current trials for DEP® docetaxel and DEP®
                                                                                                                      have stayed the course through the biotech
               in pharmacies.                                          cabazitaxel trials have shown encouraging
                                                                                                                      journey of clinical development and
                                                                       signs of efficacy along with significantly
               VivaGel® BV is a novel non-antibiotic                                                                  commercialisation.
                                                                       less bone marrow and other toxicities
               therapy for the most common vaginal                     compared with the original versions of         As we move towards the next inflection
               condition, BV. The product is a real                    these drugs. Reducing life threatening         point, we reaffirm our commitment to
               success story for Australian innovation –               side-effects, such as neutropenia, could       creating shared value for our investors and
               it’s exceedingly rare to have a global                  be critically important for some cancer        patients. We remain confident of the further
               healthcare product developed by a small                 patients, who become severely ill from         commercialisation of our VivaGel® products
               Australian company all the way from                     the side-effects of their treatment.           and leveraging the DEP® platform with
               concept to commercialisation. As an                                                                    further clinical development and
               Australian company, it is pleasing that                 Starpharma has recently received approval
                                                                                                                      partnerships.
               Australian women were first to access                   to commence a phase 1 / 2 trial for its
               this life-changing product.                             internal DEP® drug, DEP® irinotecan,           Yours Sincerely,
                                                                       increasing Starpharma’s DEP® portfolio
               The European and Australian launches are                to three clinical stage products.
               just the beginning for this breakthrough
               product. VivaGel® BV is now licensed in                 Aside from the licensing opportunities these
                                                                       internal products create, the immense                                             !
               most countries in the world and we are
               expecting further roll-out of the product               upside with the DEP® platform is that DEP®     Rob Thomas AO
               throughout Europe and other regions this                can be used for many different drugs, both     Starpharma Chairman




               2    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CEO'S REPORT



               I am very pleased to report on another positive year for
               Starpharma, in which we achieved many significant milestones
               across our business, including multiple international product
               launches, new commercial deals, and progress with our high-
               potential, clinical stage DEP® assets.
               We were delighted to launch VivaGel® BV in two regions during




For personal use only
               the year and to receive our first revenue for these on-market
               products. We received first Asian region approvals for VivaGel®
               BV, and Starpharma and its partners are currently working on
               regulatory activities to expedite the approval and launch of
               VivaGel® BV in further regions, including in the US, Asia, the
               Middle East and Latin America. It was also very pleasing to have
               the VivaGel® condom approved and rapidly launched in Japan,
               and to have first receipts come through for this product.                                                     "The international
               In parallel with the commercial development of the VivaGel        ®
                                                                                                                              roll-out of VivaGel®
               portfolio we also expanded our relationship with AstraZeneca and
               signed a Development and Option Agreement for a DEP® version                                                   products and the
               of one of their major marketed oncology products, and we made                                                  beginning of recurrent
               good progress with Starpharma's other DEP® partnered
               programs. We also progressed our clinical programs for DEP®                                                    revenue this year is an
               docetaxel and DEP® cabazitaxel – receiving positive interim                                                    important milestone
               results for both trials – and recently advanced our third internal
               DEP® product, DEP® irinotecan, into the clinic.                                                                for the company."

                                                                                                                               DR JACKIE FAIRLEY,
                                                                                                                               CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER




               Starpharma has licensed
               VivaGel® BV in more than 160 countries
               around the world




                                                                                                                 ADVANCED                                            COMMERCIAL
                                                                                                                NEGOTIATIONS                                         DISCUSSIONS




                                                                 ADVANCED                                      COMMERCIAL
                                                                NEGOTIATIONS                                   DISCUSSIONS




                                                                                                                                                              ADVANCED
                                                                                                                                                             NEGOTIATIONS




                           ADVANCED                                COMMERCIAL
                          NEGOTIATIONS                             DISCUSSIONS



                                                                                                         ADVANCED                                            COMMERCIAL
                                                                                                        NEGOTIATIONS                                         DISCUSSIONS
                                                                            ADVANCED                                         COMMERCIAL
                                                                           NEGOTIATIONS                                      DISCUSSIONS




                                          ADVANCED                                        COMMERCIAL
                                         NEGOTIATIONS                                     DISCUSSIONS




              Starpharma's global partners
                                                                                      ADVANCED                               COMMERCIAL
                                                                                     NEGOTIATIONS                            DISCUSSIONS


                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019     3
For personal use only
               VivaGel® BV global launch




               VivaGel® BV was launched in Australia and Europe,                    Further roll-out in additional European countries is expected
               with further launches planned                                        during CY2019 and the region represents a large commercial
                                                                                    opportunity, with access to more than 260 million women.
               Starpharma’s VivaGel® BV is a novel, breakthrough therapy for
               bacterial vaginosis (BV), the most common vaginal infection in the   Regulatory processes are well advanced in a number of other
               world. VivaGel® BV is now available to women over-the-counter in     countries, with further regions expected to launch during the
               Europe and Australia for this troublesome and highly recurrent       balance of 2019 and 2020.
               condition. In Australia, previously women have only been able to     During the year, Starpharma signed a licence for the sales and
               access antibiotic-based treatments for BV, which are available by    marketing rights for VivaGel® BV in the US to ITF Pharma, Inc.
               prescription from a doctor.                                          Under the licence, Starpharma is eligible to receive up to
               In Australia, the product branded as Fleurstat BVgel, was            US$101 million in milestone payments in addition to escalating
               launched in April and is being marketed by Aspen Pharmacare, a       double-digit royalties on sales. The milestones comprise
               leading global pharmaceutical company. Fleurstat BVgel is being      US$20 million in regulatory approval milestones for two BV
               sold in pharmacies around Australia, including leading chains        indications (treatment and prevention) and up to US$81 million in
               Chemist Warehouse, Amcal, Terry White and Priceline.                 commercial milestones. ITF Pharma, Inc. is a US-based specialty
                                                                                    pharmaceutical company with a focus on Women’s Health
               Since launch, market feedback and interest in the product from       products through its Womens Choice Pharmaceuticals Division.
               both healthcare professionals and consumers has been extremely
               positive. Aspen continues to expand its promotional activities,      The only remaining territories to be licensed for VivaGel® BV are
               including a recent campaign which saw the product promoted in        India, Israel and Canada – for which commercial discussions are
               highly-targeted advertisements to pharmacists, healthcare            currently ongoing.
               practitioners and consumers in major cities around the country.
               VivaGel® BV is licensed in more than 160 countries and
               Starpharma’s partner in the majority of these countries is
               Mundipharma – which has a global network and a leading
               position in feminine care in these markets. In June, Mundipharma
               launched VivaGel® BV as BetadineTM BV in several countries in
               Europe, including Germany. This launch triggered a milestone
               payment of US$0.5 million (A$0.7 million) and Starpharma is
               eligible to earn total milestones up to US$24.7 million, plus
               revenue share, for this and all territories under Mundipharma’s
               licence.




                                                                                                                            EUROPEAN VIVAGEL® BV PRODUCT




                                    AUSTRALIAN VIVAGEL® BV PRODUCT




               4    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CEO'S REPORT




               First Asian region approvals
               received and further regulatory




For personal use only
               processes are underway to support
               the global roll-out of VivaGel® BV
               in other regions, including the US,
               Asia & the Middle East
               VivaGel® BV has recently received
               regulatory approvals in multiple South East
               Asian countries, with further registration
               reviews at an advanced stage throughout
               the region. Starpharma is working closely
               with Mundipharma on further regulatory
               submissions for VivaGel® BV in other
               countries and regions and these activities
               are being undertaken as quickly as possible
               to ensure rapid launches.
               In parallel, Starpharma is also pursuing
               regulatory approval for VivaGel® BV in the
                                                                  VivaGel® condom launched in Japan under
               US. During the year, Starpharma received
               a request from the FDA for confirmatory            Okamoto’s ‘003’ brand
               clinical data prior to approval. A meeting was     In June 2019, Okamoto launched the VivaGel® condom in Japan
               held with the FDA, at which time several           under its leading and highly successful ‘003’ brand. This is the
               potential strategies were identified.              first condom with an anti-viral coating in Japan and will carry the
               Starpharma has been working through these          VivaGel® brand. The 003 refers to the thinness of the condom
               options with its team of expert FDA                and is recognised as a ‘super thin’ standard of latex.
               consultants, statisticians, Key Opinion
               Leaders and advisors.                              Okamoto is Japan’s leading marketer of condoms with a
                                                                  dominant share of the Japanese condom market – and a strong
                As part of its evaluation of the options,         record in the successful commercialisation of innovative products.
               Starpharma is seeking regulatory and legal         Starpharma is eligible to receive royalties based on sales of the
               advice on the avenues available for review         VivaGel® condom and also revenue on supply of SPL7013 active.
               of some of the conclusions reached by the          Starpharma received first receipts from Okamoto in April.
               FDA. Other options include generating
               confirmatory clinical data through an
               additional BV treatment trial. Should it be
               determined that a new clinical trial is the best
               strategy, Starpharma would be in a position
               to commence a BV treatment trial quickly.
               Starpharma’s focus remains to pursue the
               most expeditious and efficient path to
               approval.




                                                                                          STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   5
               CEO'S REPORT




For personal use only
               DEP® drug delivery




               Starpharma’s innovative nanoparticle DEP® platform                    The benefits of patented DEP® products are
               has the potential to create improved versions of                      the result of the particle size and novel, highly-
               anti-cancer therapies but with fewer side effects and                 controlled structure. The DEP® technology has
               improved effectiveness – and not just for cancer                      great potential for improving patient health while
               treatments but for drugs that treat a range                           creating significant commercial value for partners
               of diseases.                                                          and investors.




                                                                                                  Reduced side-effects1
                                      Improved efficacy1                                          DEP® reduces important side effects such as
                                      DEP® improves anti-cancer efficacy                          bone marrow toxicity / low white blood cells
                                      through better drug targeting and                           (neutropenia) and alopecia (hair loss). DEP®
                                      improved pharmacokinetics.                                  makes drugs more water soluble and removes
                                                                                                  the need for toxic detergents in current
                                                                                                  formulations.




                                       Patent life                                                Benefits in combination1
                                       In addition to the therapeutic and clinical                DEP® products are ideal candidates for
                          $            benefits, DEP® also provides valuable
                                       commercial benefits by creating new
                                                                                                  combination therapy including with immuno-
                                                                                                  oncology (IO) agents and other chemotherapy.
                                       intellectual property and extending patent                 DEP® products show synergistic benefits over
                                       life. This is of value for both new drugs                  the original versions and given they do not
                                       but also for extending the patents for                     require pre-treatment with cortisone, they are
                                       improvements to existing products.                         particularly well suited to combine with IO.



                                                                                                  1
                                                                                                    Multiple preclinical studies have established improved efficacy,
                                                                                                  survival and safety with DEP® with many different drugs; clinical
                                                                                                  trials underway.




               6    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CEO'S REPORT




                               DEP® docetaxel – phase 2                                                                               Major existing oncology medicine
                                            INTERNAL PROGRAM
                                                                                                                                      2019 DEVELOPMENT & OPTION AGREEMENT
                              LICENCE AFTER PROOF-OF-CONCEPT




                                                                                                                                             AZD0466
                                                                                                                                             MULTIPRODUCT LICENCE




For personal use only
                  DEP® cabazitaxel – phase 1 / 2
                                      INTERNAL PROGRAM
                                                                                             DEP®
                        LICENCE AFTER PROOF-OF-CONCEPT                                  PLATFORM
                                                                                                                                            2nd novel candidate
                                                                                                                                            MULTIPRODUCT LICENCE




                           DEP® irinotecan – phase 1 / 2
                                            INTERNAL PROGRAM
                              LICENCE AFTER PROOF-OF-CONCEPT



                                                                                                                          Antibody Drug Conjugates
                                                                                                                          AGREEMENTS WITH UNDISCLOSED PHARMACEUTICAL PARTNERS




                                                                                                                                           Licences are typically product specific and
                                                                                                                                            structured to allow for multiple partnered-
                                                                                                                                                    DEP® programs to run in parallel




                                                                                                                                Starpharma's DEP® platform
               Starpharma’s DEP® platform enhances the                                                                     remains available for many further
               commercial and therapeutic value of a wide range                                                                                  partnerships
               of drugs, making it a highly valuable partnering
               technology
               The value of the DEP® platform offers significant optionality, not                   Starpharma has a number of partnerships with leading
               only for Starpharma’s internal candidates but through making it                      pharmaceutical companies, such as AstraZeneca. Starpharma’s
               available under licence to partners. DEP® has broad applicability                    partnership with AstraZeneca includes a multiproduct DEP®
               to different types of drugs and it’s estimated that a broad range of                 licence which currently involves the development and
               leading drugs would be amenable to DEP® dendrimer delivery.                          commercialisation of two novel AstraZeneca oncology
               There are multiple ways Starpharma and its partners can use                          compounds, with potential to add more.
               the DEP® technology. One is as a lifecycle management tool to                        AstraZeneca’s first DEP® conjugate, AZD0466 (a Bcl2/xL inhibitor),
               improve existing drugs to make them better to achieve continued                      has been described as a potentially best-in-class drug with a broad
               sales and improved margins through differentiated product                            combination opportunity in solid and haematological tumours.
               benefits and new intellectual property – and another is to use
               DEP® to enhance the features of novel drugs that may otherwise                       During the year, the first patent for Starpharma’s DEP® dendrimers
               limit clinical use due to issues such as toxicity or insolubility.                   with AstraZeneca’s Bcl2/xL inhibitors was granted in the US. The
                                                                                                    patent provides AstraZeneca with US exclusivity until 2038, with
               Through its DEP® licences, Starpharma effectively has a free                         the potential for up to 5 years’ extension and represents an
               carried interest in its partners’ DEP® programs and is entitled to                   important commercial milestone. The granted patent includes
               receive significant development and commercial milestone                             promising data on DEP® Bcl2/xL inhibitor conjugates in various
               payments and royalties.                                                              preclinical human tumour models, both alone and in combination
                                                                                                    with other leading current anti-cancer treatments and illustrates
                                                                                                    the synergistic potential of DEP®. AstraZeneca expects to
                                                                                                    commence clinical trials for AZD0466 later in the year, following
                                            “Building on our long-standing and                      allowance of their US FDA investigational new drug (IND) filing.
                                           successful working relationship with                     In June, Starpharma signed a Development and Option
                                                Starpharma, this agreement will                     Agreement with AstraZeneca during the 2019 American Society
                                                                                                    of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) meeting in Chicago. This new
                                               enable us to further evaluate the                    commercial deal is for the development of a DEP® version of
                                               potential of the DEP® technology                     one of AstraZeneca’s major marketed oncology medicines. This
                                            with the aim of improving treatment                     agreement culminated from a successful research program under
                                                                                                    which Starpharma identified a promising DEP® candidate with
                                                         outcomes for patients.”                    a number of potential benefits. Following completion of agreed
                                                                                                    preclinical studies by Starpharma, AstraZeneca has the option to
                                                                                                    licence the DEP® oncology drug candidate for an option exercise
                                                               COMMENTING ON ASTRAZENECA'S
                                                                                                    fee of US$5 million, plus industry standard development and
                                                               DEP® DEVELOPMENT AND OPTION
                                                               AGREEEMENT: DR SUSAN GALBRAITH,
                                                                                                    commercialisation milestones and escalating royalties on sales.
                                                               SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, R&D EARLY
                                                               ONCOLOGY, ASTRAZENECA



                                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019       7
                                                                                                                                            PHOTO: STARPHARMA'S
                                                                                                                                            IN-HOUSE DEP® SCALE-UP
                                                                                                                                            FACILITIES




For personal use only
               The DEP® platform has
               enabled Starpharma to build
               a deep internal pipeline of high-value
               oncology products



               DEP® DOCETAXEL                                                          than 30 weeks and significant reductions in tumour biomarkers
               DEP® docetaxel is a patented, detergent-free, enhanced version          such as PSA (Prostate Specific Antigen).
               of the widely used anti-cancer drug Taxotere®, which had peak
                                                                                       Efficacy signals have been observed in tumour types for which
               sales of US$3 billion.
                                                                                       cabazitaxel is approved (prostate) and other tumour types such
               A phase 2 program is underway for DEP® docetaxel, currently             as ovarian cancer which would represent an expansion of its
               recruiting at four sites in the UK in lung cancer and a number of       current use. Responses have also been observed at doses
               other tumour types.                                                     several fold lower than typically used for cabazitaxel (during the
                                                                                                   dose-escalation phase). No dose-limiting or other
               The phase 2 program for DEP® docetaxel includes
                                                                                                   significant toxicities associated with DEP® cabazitaxel
               both a monotherapy arm and the use of the product in
                                                                                                   have been observed including a notable lack of bone
               combination with Nintedanib. Both the
                                                                                                   marrow toxicity which usually occurs in >90% of
               monotherapy and Nintedanib combination
                                                                                                   patients treated with Jevtana® (cabazitaxel).
               arms continue to show encouraging efficacy
               signals, a notable lack of bone marrow
                                                                                                   DEP® IRINOTECAN
               toxicity (e.g. neutropenia) and other common
                                                                                                   DEP® irinotecan is an improved version of irinotecan,
               side effects including hair-loss, anaphylaxis
                                                                                                   which is widely used for colon cancer. Starpharma
               and oedema. Efficacy signals have been
                                                                                                   completed final preparations for the phase 1 / 2 trial
               observed in tumour types typically treated
                                                                                                   for DEP® irinotecan, which received regulatory and
               with docetaxel and in tumour types not
                                                                                                   ethics approval to commence in August.
               typically treated with docetaxel. Based on
               efficacy signals observed and investigator                                          The objectives of the trial are to evaluate the safety,
               interest, some cohorts have been expanded and                                       tolerability and pharmacokinetics of DEP® irinotecan –
               additional tumour types are being explored,                                         to define a recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D), and
               including pancreatic cancer.                                                        then to determine anti-tumour efficacy of the product
                                                                                                   in select tumour types.
               Further potential combinations are also being
                                                                                                   The trial will be conducted at multiple sites, with initial
               explored following interest from specialist
                                                                                                   sites including leading UK cancer centres The
               oncologists in the impressive preclinical data and
                                                                                                   Christie, The Royal Marsden and Newcastle Freeman
               DEP® docetaxel’s lack of bone marrow toxicity. In
                                                                                                   Hospital. As the trial progresses, decisions will be
               addition, given the lack of need for steroid
                                                                                                   made as to which tumour types to focus on and any
               pre-treatment, combinations with immuno-oncology
                                                                                       additional patients required. Combination therapy approaches
               agents are also under discussion.
                                                                                       with DEP® irinotecan may also be investigated.
               DEP® CABAZITAXEL
                                                                                       DEP® PIPELINE
               DEP® cabazitaxel is a patented, detergent-free, version of leading
                                                                                       The versatility of the DEP® platform means it can
               cancer drug Jevtana®. Two UK sites are currently recruiting
                                                                                       be used with a wide range of therapies (e.g. small molecules,
               patients for the escalation phase of the 1 / 2 trial. Consistent with
                                                                                       peptides, antibodies, antibody fragments, radioisotopes).
               DEP® docetaxel, early efficacy signals have been observed in
               the trial.                                                              Starpharma is developing several further DEP® candidates,
                                                                                       with the most attractive of these selected for advancement. This
               The DEP® cabazitaxel phase 1 / 2 trial is underway at Guy’s
                                                                                       includes a range of DEP® radiopharmaceutical candidates which
               Hospital London and University College London Hospital, with
                                                                                       are currently being tested in a variety of preclinical models. The
               patient recruitment moving to the 7th dose level.
                                                                                       company also has a number of targeted DEP® candidates in
               The majority of patients have been dosed with multiple cycles of        preclinical development.
               DEP® cabazitaxel. Encouraging efficacy signals have been
               observed in multiple patients including stable disease for more


               8    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CEO'S REPORT




               DEP® drugs are ideal candidates for                                    DEP® cabazitaxel, both alone and in combination with
               combination therapy                                                    gemcitabine, showed complete tumour regression and 100%
                                                                                      survival. DEP® docetaxel, alone, and in combination with
               Combination therapies are widely used in oncology. Combination         gemcitabine, significantly outperformed gemcitabine and/or
               therapies potentially reduce drug resistance, while simultaneously     Abraxane® and showed 100% survival.
               providing enhanced therapeutic outcomes. The synergistic
               combination of two drugs allows for different mechanisms to be         These impressive DEP® efficacy results were despite the fact




For personal use only
               employed yielding superior efficacy however sometimes the              that standard pancreatic cancer treatments, gemcitabine and/or
               toxicity of combining drugs can be limiting. Therefore, because        Abraxane®, showed limited activity in this model. This exciting
               DEP® products lack typical bone marrow toxicities this can create      data is already feeding into the clinical development programs
               new opportunities for their use beyond the original form of the        for DEP® docetaxel and DEP® cabazitaxel.
               product.
               During the year, Starpharma continued to add value to its DEP®         Similarly, a study with DEP® irinotecan showed impressive
               portfolio through exploring DEP® products in combination with          efficacy and safety benefits of DEP® irinotecan over standard
               other marketed oncology agents. The company is planning to             irinotecan alone and in combination with 5-FU in a human
               extend this into further clinical combinations in FY20 and already     pancreatic cancer model. DEP® irinotecan achieved complete
               has additional preclinical combination studies underway.               tumour regression and 100% survival. These results are
                                                                                      particularly impressive given that the challenging model used
               During FY19, Starpharma presented preclinical results on a series      was virtually unresponsive to conventional irinotecan.
               of combination studies with each of its DEP® products. For
               example, in November 2018, Starpharma reported that DEP®
               docetaxel and DEP® cabazitaxel showed significant efficacy and
               safety benefits over gemcitabine (Gemzar®) alone, Abraxane®
               (Nab-paclitaxel) alone and gemcitabine/Abraxane® combination,
               in a human pancreatic cancer model.




                                                                                                             DEP® docetaxel & DEP® cabazitaxel
                                                                                                  outperformed both gemcitabine & Abraxane® in
                                                                                                             a human pancreatic cancer model1




               DEP® outperforms current
               standard treatments

                                                           Leading pancreatic cancer therapies, gemcitabine & Abraxane® both
                                                           alone, and in combination, show minimal activity compared to DEP®
                                                                        which shows complete tumour regression

               Monotherapy                                                           Combination therapy




                                                                           Starpharma’s DEP® drugs, alone, and in combination with
                                                                        gemcitabine, outperform leading pancreatic cancer therapies and
                                                                                       show complete tumour regression
               1
                   CAPAN-1 HUMAN PANCREATIC MODEL




                                                                                                             STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   9
For personal use only
               3 Year Financial Summary




                                                                                      2019      2018       2017
                                                                                       $M        $M         $M

              Revenue & other income                                                   1.7       3.9        3.0

              Interest revenue                                                         1.0       1.1        0.6

              Total revenue and other income                                           2.7       5.0        3.6

              Expenditure                                                             (17.0)    (15.3)     (18.8)

              Loss from continuing operations                                         (14.3)    (10.3)     (15.2)

              Profit/(loss) from discontinued operation                                 –          –        23.4

              Profit/(loss) for the period                                            (14.3)    (10.3)      8.2

              Net operating cash inflows/(outflows)                                   (10.3)    (10.2)     (17.0)

              Net investing and financing cash inflows/(outflows)                     (0.3)     (0.4)       32.7

              Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                 41.3     51.3        61.2



               Overview of Financial Results                                        Cash at 30 June 2019
               Revenue and other income for the year was $2.7 million, which        $41.3M
               included product sales, and royalties and milestones related to
               the market launch of VivaGel® BV in Australia and Europe, and
               the VivaGel® condom in Japan.
               Starpharma reported a net loss of $14.3 million, compared to
               $10.3 million last year. The loss has increased, from the prior
               year due to FY18 including signature milestone payments of
               A$3.0 million for the licensing of VivaGel® BV for Europe, Asia,
               Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, combined with
               increased commercial and regulatory operating costs in FY19
               related to the licensing and product launch of VivaGel® BV in
               multiple markets.
               The net operating cash outflows for the year were $10.3 million
               which is comparable to the prior year of $10.2 million. Starpharma
               ended the financial year with a strong cash balance of
               $41.3 million.




               10       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               CEO'S REPORT




               Review and Future Outlook                                                In the year ahead, we anticipate further exciting progress in our
                                                                                        clinical stage DEP® products and in some cases expanding these
               I would like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank
                                                                                        programs to explore combination therapies and new indications.
               Starpharma’s executive team, and every member of our staff and
                                                                                        Internally, we continue to develop new DEP® candidates and build
               board, for their commitment this past year. We have achieved a
                                                                                        our portfolio of high value DEP® assets. These new candidates
               series of significant milestones, which are a direct reflection of the
                                                                                        also include expansion into the exciting area of radiotherapeutics
               expertise and dedication of our team.




For personal use only
                                                                                        and targeted therapies.
               We are very proud of what we have achieved this year, with
                                                                                        Starpharma’s strong balance sheet and anticipated growing
               international launches in our VivaGel® portfolio, new commercial
                                                                                        revenues place the company in an excellent position for growth to
               deals with large pharmaceutical companies and exciting progress
                                                                                        leverage its expertise, its human capital and intellectual property
               in both our internal and partnered DEP® programs.
                                                                                        portfolio to drive success and increase shareholder value.
               Our committed staff take great pride in the fact that they are part
                                                                                        We thank our shareholders and remain committed to our purpose
               of a small Australian company which has discovered and fully
                                                                                        of creating innovative therapies which have the potential to
               developed a novel, non-antibiotic therapy which will assist in the
                                                                                        profoundly improve patient health worldwide, and generate
               management of BV, a condition that affects around one in three
                                                                                        shareholder value.
               women worldwide. In an era of antibiotic resistance, we are very
               pleased to provide women with a non-antibiotic treatment for BV
               and finally provide a way to manage recurrent BV.
               It’s been pleasing to have first revenues coming in from recent
               launches of VivaGel® BV in Australia and Europe and the
               VivaGel® condom in Japan. Whilst at an early stage, this is an
               important milestone for the company as we look forward to further
                                                                                        Jackie Fairley
               market launches and revenue growth.
                                                                                        Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                           VivaGel® BV licensed in >160
                        PARTNERED LATE-                                                    countries; launched in Europe
                        STAGE PRODUCTS                                                     and Australia




                                                                                            ADVANCED                       COMMERCIAL
                                                                                           NEGOTIATIONS                    DISCUSSIONS
                                                                                           VivaGel® condom licensed
                        PARTNERED LATE-
                                                                                           broadly and launched in
                        STAGE PRODUCTS
                                                                                           Japan, Australia and Canada




                        INTERNAL DEP®                                                      Multiple clinical stage DEP®
                                                                                           drugs in development
                        LICENCES
                                                                                           creating multiple licensing
                        FOLLOWING PROOF-
                                                                                           opportunities; preclinical
                        OF-CONCEPT                                                         pipeline continues to build




                        PARTNERED                                                          DEP® licences with
                        DEP® LICENCES                                                      AstraZeneca & other leading
                        APPLICABLE TO                                                      international pharmaceutical
                        MULTIPLE NEW OR                                                    companies to apply DEP®
                                                                                           to improve their new or
                        EXISTING DRUGS
                                                                                           existing drugs


                        EXPANDING                                                          DEP® radiopharmaceuticals,
                        LICENSING & CO-                                                    targeted DEP® & SPL7013
                        DEVELOPMENT                                                        ophthalmic drops for
                        OPPORTUNITIES                                                      adenoviral conjunctivitis




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   11
               CORPORATE AND SOCIAL
               RESPONSIBILITY



               Starpharma is a world leader in the development of dendrimer
               products for pharmaceutical applications, and aims to create
               value through the commercialisation of its proprietary products.
               In pursuing this objective, Starpharma acknowledges its role
               within society and believes its success will deliver long-term
               positive benefits to all stakeholders. Starpharma’s corporate
               governance principles and code of conduct set the framework




For personal use only
               for how the company, management and employees are expected
               to conduct themselves: always ethically and responsibly.

               Our People
               The employees of Starpharma are critical to the company
               achieving business success. To ensure Starpharma remains
               a safe, healthy, and attractive workplace for our employees,
               Starpharma has established workplace policies and practices.
               Starpharma’s code of conduct reflects the core values of the
               company and sets out standards of behaviour in matters including
               equal employment opportunity and best practice in recruitment.
               Starpharma also has a health and well-being policy to support
               employees in maintaining or adopting healthy lifestyles,
               recognising that employee physical and mental health has a
               positive impact on the individuals and culture of the organisation.                           Employee equity schemes are used to provide the opportunity for
               Starpharma has significantly lower rates of employee turnover                                 all staff to share in the success of the company and to assist in
               than the industry average. This higher rate of employee retention                             aligning the objectives of employees with those of shareholders.
               is indicative of its positive and collegiate workplace. Policies assist                       At Starpharma, occupational health and safety is considered
               Starpharma to ensure employees have engaging and satisfying                                   every employee’s responsibility, and a safe working culture is
               roles and receive periodic feedback on performance and provide                                promoted and actively encouraged. There is an active OH&S
               for ongoing training and career development.                                                  committee structure to eliminate, reduce or mitigate risks
               Starpharma prides itself on a strong culture based on                                         associated with Starpharma’s activities. OH&S Committee
               accountability, performance, and ethical and respectful                                       members represent all sections of the workplace, including
               behaviours. Employees are rewarded for their performance,                                     management and employees.
               dedication, and contribution to the results of Starpharma.
               Employees are recruited into and retained in positions based                                  Our Partners
               on merit. A balance of skills, expertise and opinion, as well as                              Starpharma has established important business and scientific
               diversity are viewed as important cultural elements within the                                partnerships with leading global companies, international medical
               collegiate team environment. The Board has adopted a diversity                                research organisations and key governmental and non-
               policy to provide a framework for Starpharma to achieve a number                              governmental departments and institutions. These relationships
               of diversity objectives, with an initial focus on gender.                                     offer critical inputs from world experts and provide a pathway for
               Approximately half of Starpharma’s employees are female, and                                  products to enter the market and change daily lives.
               more than half of the leadership roles are held by females in the
               company. Starpharma strives to put in place measures, such as                                 The Community
                                                               >50%
               flexible working arrangements, specifically to encourage
               participation by all.
                                                           of roles, including                               The very nature of Starpharma's products affords the opportunity
                                                            leadership roles,
                                                                       held by females                       of changing lives for the better. Through innovative research and
               Starpharma is also proud of the ethnic diversity of its employee                              development, Starpharma is creating products for needs which
               population, with almost half of all employees born outside                                    are currently unmet within the health and medical markets.
               Australia in 15 different countries.                 >50%
                                                            NO               of roles, including             All of Starpharma’s pharmaceutical products and clinical research
                                  >50%                      breaches of       leadership roles,
                                                                                                             activities comply with strict regulatory and ethical approval
                              of roles, including           Environmental     held by females
                               leadership roles,            regulations                                      processes. These include the FDA in the US and other regulatory
                               held by females                                                               bodies as applicable.
                                                                  NO
                                                                                                             The Environment
                NO                >50%                                      ZERO
                                                                  breaches of
                                                                  Environmental
                breaches of
                            of roles, including                   regulationsreportable                      Starpharma is committed to conducting its operations in an
                             leadership roles,                               Worksafe
                Environmental
                             held by females                                 incidents                       environmentally responsible manner.
                regulations
                                                                                                             The company ensures it has appropriate systems in place to
                                                                                  ZERO                       comply with relevant Federal, State and Local regulations, and
                NO                                                                reportable
                                                                                  15                         has adopted documented procedures and processes to ensure
                breaches of        ZERO                                           Worksafe
                                                                                                             all waste products are disposed of strictly in accordance with
                Environmental      reportable                                      incidents
                                                                                  countries
                regulations        Worksafe                                       represented by a           relevant environmental regulations.
                                   incidents                                      small, diverse
                                                                                  group of                   In conducting the company’s operations, management and
                                                                                  employees
                                                                                                             employees are conscious of reducing their environmental
                                                                                          15                 footprint.
                                   ZERO                                                   countries
                                         15
                                   reportable
                                   Worksafe
                                                                                          represented by a
                                         countries                                        small, diverse
                                   incidents
                                         represented by a                                 group of
                                         small, diverse                                   employees
                                         group of
                                         employees

                                         15
               12                      countries
                        STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                         represented by a
                                         small, diverse
                                         group of
                                         employees
              Directors’ Report

              Your directors have pleasure in presenting this report on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter as the group or the company) consisting
              of Starpharma Holdings Limited and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2019.

              Directors
              The following persons were directors of Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the company”) at the date of this report and during the whole of the
              financial year:

              R B Thomas (Chairman)                               Z Peach                                             J K Fairley (Chief Executive Officer)




For personal use only
              R A Hazleton                                        P R Turvey


              Information on Directors
              Rob B Thomas AO, BEc, MSAA, SF Fin, FAICD, FRSN                               Jacinth (Jackie) K Fairley BSc, BVSc (Hons), MBA, GAICD,
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 4 December 2013)                FTSE
              Chairman from 13 June 2014                                                    Chief Executive Officer and Director (appointed 1 July 2006)

              Experience                                                                    Experience
              Mr Thomas has a strong background in financial services and                   Dr Jackie Fairley has more than 30 years of operational
              capital markets and is a non-executive director of several                    experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
              Australian listed companies. Formerly he was a Partner of Potter              working in senior management roles with companies including
              Partners (now UBS) where he was also Head of Research.                        CSL and Faulding (now Pfizer). In those roles she had
                                                                                            responsibilities which included clinical, regulatory, business
              He is the former CEO of County NatWest Securities and then                    development, product development management and general
              became CEO and then Chairman of Citibank Corporate and                        management. At Faulding she was responsible for Global Product
              Investment Bank in Australia. Mr Thomas has also held the                     Development, Regulatory Affairs and Business Development for
              position of Chairman at Australian Wealth Management Ltd                      Faulding’s Hospital Business which operated in more than 60
              (ultimately IOOF Ltd), TAL (Australia’s largest life insurance                countries.
              company) and Heartware Inc, the second largest global
              manufacturer of left ventricular assist heart pumps.                          Jackie holds first class honours degrees in Science (pharmacology
                                                                                            and pathology) and Veterinary Science from Melbourne University
              For many years Mr Thomas was regarded as one of Australia’s                   and was a practicing veterinary surgeon prior to joining CSL.
              leading financial analysts and regularly lectured with FINSIA. He             Whilst at CSL she obtained an MBA from the Melbourne Business
              has considerable expertise in Mergers & Acquisition and capital               School where she was the recipient of the prestigious Clemenger
              markets including advising on the floats of Commonwealth Bank of              Medal. Jackie is also a Graduate of the Australian Institute of
              Australia and Qantas, and vast experience in Audit and Risk                   Company Directors.
              Management. Mr Thomas is also approved under the NSW
              prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk Committee Independent              Jackie currently sits on the board of the Melbourne Business
              Chairs and Members for government/public sector agencies and                  School, and is a non-executive director of listed investment
              has previously served as the Chairman of the Audit and Risk                   company Mirrabooka Investments Limited. She is a past member
              Committee of Virgin Australia Limited (for 11 years), Heartware               of the Federal Government’s Commonwealth Science Council and
              Inc, REVA Medical Ltd and the State Library of NSW.                           Pharmaceutical Industry Working Group and the Federal
                                                                                            Ministerial Biotechnology Advisory Council.
              Mr Thomas holds a Bachelor of Economics from Monash
              University, a Diploma of Business (Accounting) from Swinburne                 Committees
              and is a fellow of FINSIA. He is also a Master Stockbroker, a                 Attends Board Committee meetings by invitation
              Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a
              Fellow of the Royal Society of New South Wales.                               Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Mirrabooka
                                                                                            Investments Limited
              Committee membership
              Member of Remuneration & Nomination Committee                                 Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              Member of Audit & Risk Committee                                              years: None

              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: REVA                      Specific skills and experience areas
              Medical Inc. and Biotron Limited.                                             With more than 30 years’ experience in executive roles up to and
                                                                                            including as CEO and executive director of ASX listed and unlisted
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within last three                  pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, Dr Fairley’s
              years: Virgin Australia Limited                                               experience covers all key areas described in Starpharma’s Board
                                                                                            skills matrix. In particular, Dr Fairley has significant leadership
              Specific skills and experience areas                                          skills in healthcare and scientific research; pharmaceutical
              In addition to Mr Thomas’ significant finance and M&A/capital                 development; international experience; licensing and
              markets experience, Mr Thomas’ non-executive roles with various               commercialisation of innovation; business development; strategy
              ASX listed companies have deepened his skills and experience in               and risk management; and M&A/capital markets.
              relation to accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk;
              governance; licensing and commercialisation of innovation;                    Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              strategy and risk management; OH&S; and remuneration. He has                  3,905,434 ordinary shares
              also had significant experience with US based companies as they               3,835,087 employee performance rights
              progress from research to commercialisation.

              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              825,000 ordinary shares




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                   13


                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   13
              Directors’ Report

              Richard A Hazleton BSChE, MSChE, MBA, HonDrEng,                        Zita Peach BSc, GAICD, FAMI
              HonDrCommSc                                                            Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 October 2011)
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 December 2006)
              – resides in the United States                                         Experience
                                                                                     Ms Peach has more than 25 years of commercial experience in the
              Experience                                                             pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical devices and health
              Mr Hazleton is a former Chairman and CEO of US-based global            services industries. She worked for major industry players such as
              corporation Dow Corning. He joined Dow Corning in 1965 and held        CSL Limited and Merck Sharp & Dohme, the Australian subsidiary
              numerous positions in engineering, manufacturing and finance,          of Merck Inc. Ms Peach’s most recent executive position was as
              both in the US and Europe. He was appointed as CEO of the              the Managing Director for Australia and New Zealand and




For personal use only
              company in 1993, and Chairman of the Board of Directors and            Executive Vice President, South Asia Pacific for Fresenius Kabi, a
              CEO in 1994. During his career with Dow Corning, Mr Hazleton           leading provider of pharmaceutical products and medical devices
              performed the roles of European Area Vice President and Director       to hospitals. Previously, Ms Peach was Vice President, Business
              of Finance, and after returning to the US, Corporate Controller and    Development, for CSL Limited, a position she held for ten years.
              Chief Accounting Officer. In this latter global role he was
              responsible for the preparation of all public financial reports, and   Ms Peach has substantial international and local expertise in the
              relationships with financial regulatory agencies and independent       areas of pharmaceutical/medical device product development,
              auditors. Mr Hazleton retired from Dow Corning in 2001.                commercialisation of products and technologies, marketing and
                                                                                     sales, licensing, M&A and international expansions. She has
              Mr Hazleton is based in the US and brings to the table an              overseen manufacturing, logistics, regulatory affairs, quality
              international lens on product development, manufacturing, science      assurance, clinical services, human resources, finance,
              and technology. He has significant experience in the areas of          information technology, public policy, business development,
              strategy, accounting/corporate finance and audit and risk.             marketing and sales at Managing Director and CEO level.

              Mr Hazleton has served on the boards of the American Chemistry         Ms Peach is a Non-Executive Director of the ASX-listed Monash
              Council and the Chemical Bank and Trust Company (Midland, MI,          IVF Group Limited, Pacific Smiles Group Limited and Visioneering
              USA) as well as several non-profit social service agencies in          Technologies, Inc. Ms Peach is also a member of the Hudson
              Michigan and Belgium.                                                  Institute of Medical Research Board.

              Committee membership                                                   Ms Peach is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company
              Member of Audit & Risk Committee                                       Directors and a Fellow of the Australian Marketing Institute.
              Member of Remuneration & Nomination Committee
                                                                                     Committee membership
              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None               Chair of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee

              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three       Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Monash IVF
              years: None                                                            Group Limited, Visioneering Technologies, Inc. and Pacific Smiles
                                                                                     Group Limited.
              Specific skills and experience areas
              Having held various executive roles up to and including as             Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              Chairman and CEO of Dow Corning over a 36 year period as well          years: AirXpanders, Inc.
              as non-executive directorships, Mr Hazleton brings the following
              significant skills and experience to the Board of Starpharma –         Specific skills and experience areas
              international experience; regulation/public policy, licensing and      With over 25 years’ experience in various senior executive roles
              commercialisation of innovation, science and technology;               within ASX listed and international pharmaceutical and
              governance; strategy and risk management; accounting/corporate         biotechnology companies, as well as numerous non-executive
              finance, audit and risk; OH&S; and remuneration. Mr Hazleton has       directorships in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical sector, Ms
              been assessed as an independent non-executive director                 Peach’s experience covers all key areas described in
              notwithstanding his 13-year tenure. The corporate memory he            Starpharma’s Board skills matrix. In particular, Ms Peach has
              provides is advantageous and such tenure is commonplace in the         substantial expertise as a leader in healthcare and scientific
              pharmaceutical/biotech sector, due to the longer development           research; pharmaceutical/product development; licensing and
              timelines involved.                                                    commercialisation of innovation; science and technology; sales,
                                                                                     marketing and business development; strategy and risk
              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                               management; remuneration; and M&A/capital markets.
              208,466 ordinary shares
                                                                                     Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                     48,975 ordinary shares




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                             14



               14       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Peter R Turvey BA/LLB, MAICD                                             Principal activities
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 19 March 2012)
                                                                                       The principal activities of the group consist of research,
              Experience                                                               development and commercialisation of dendrimer products for
              Mr Turvey has had more than 30 years of experience in the                pharmaceutical, life-science and other applications. Activities
              biotech/pharmaceutical industry having been former Executive             within the group are directed towards the development of precisely
              Vice President Licensing, Group General Counsel and Company              defined nano-scale materials, with a particular focus on the
              Secretary of global biopharmaceutical company CSL, retiring in           development of VivaGel® for the management and prevention of
              2011.                                                                    bacterial vaginosis, and as a condom coating. Starpharma is also
                                                                                       applying its proprietary dendrimers to drug delivery to create




For personal use only
              Mr Turvey played a key role in the transformation of CSL from a          improved pharmaceuticals and has developed the valuable DEP®
              government owned enterprise, through ASX listing in 1994, to a           delivery platform.
              global plasma and biopharmaceutical company. He also had
              responsibility for the protection and licensing of CSL's intellectual    Result
              property and for risk management within CSL, which included
              management of the internal audit function, reporting to the Audit &      The financial report for the financial year ended 30 June 2019, and
              Risk Management Committee of the Board as well as being the              the results herein, have been prepared in accordance with
              Chairman of the Corporate Risk Management Committee. In his              Australian Accounting Standards.
              senior executive role at CSL, Mr Turvey was actively involved in
              CSL’s extensive M&A and equity capital raising activities over a 15      The consolidated loss after income tax attributable to ordinary
              year period, including during the time of the float of CSL as a          shareholders for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 was
              publicly listed company. This experience has been further                $14,254,000 (2018: $10,285,000). The net operating cash outflows
              enhanced by Mr Turvey’s non-executive directorships of various           for the year were $10,344,000 (2018:$10,201,000).The cash
              ASX listed biotechnology companies.                                      balance at 30 June 2019 was $41,251,000 (June 2018:
                                                                                       $51,319,000).
              In addition to his expertise in corporate finance, audit and risk
              management, Mr Turvey has extensive experience in                        Dividends and distributions
              commercialisation and pharmaceutical product development.
                                                                                       No dividends were paid or declared during the period and no
                                                                                       dividends are recommended in respect to the financial year ended
              Mr Turvey is currently a principal of Foursight Associates Pty Ltd
                                                                                       30 June 2019 (2018: Nil).
              and a director of Victorian Government owned entity Agriculture
              Victoria Services Pty Ltd.
                                                                                       Review of operations
              Committee membership
                                                                                       Key activities until the date of this report include:
              Chair of Audit & Risk Committee
                                                                                       VivaGel® Portfolio
              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None
                                                                                           VivaGel® BV launched in Europe by Mundipharma, under the
                                                                                            brand name Betadine BVTM;
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              years: Viralytics Limited                                                    VivaGel® BV launched in Australia by Aspen Pharmacare,
                                                                                            under the brand name Fleurstat BVgel;
              Specific skills and experience areas                                         VivaGel® BV was licensed to ITF Pharma, Inc for the US for
              With over 30 years of executive experience in the biotechnology               milestones of up to US$101 million in addition to escalating
              industry of which 20 years were at CSL, followed by non-executive             royalties;
              directorships at a number of ASX listed pharmaceutical and
              biotechnology companies, Mr Turvey has significant leadership                First Asian regulatory approvals received for BETADINETM BV
              skills and experience in healthcare and/or scientific research;               Gel;
              pharmaceutical/product development; international experience and             VivaGel® condom launched in Japan under Okamoto’s Zero
              skills in regulation/public policy; licensing and commercialisation of        Zero Three (‘003’) brand;
              innovation; business development; governance; strategy; risk
                                                                                           US FDA completed its review of the VivaGel® BV NDA and
              management; audit and risk; and M&A/capital markets.
                                                                                            advised it requires confirmatory clinical data prior to approval;
              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                                      and
                                                                                           Positive independent market research was conducted in the
              179,821 ordinary shares
                                                                                            US for SPL7013 ophthalmic drops for viral conjunctivitis and
                                                                                            a patent was granted for the product.

              Company Secretary                                                        DEP® Drug Delivery Platform
                                                                                           Starpharma signed a Development and Option Agreement
              The Company Secretary is Mr Nigel Baade, holding the position                 with AstraZeneca to progress the development of a DEP®
              since 2013. Mr Baade also holds the position of Chief Financial
                                                                                            version of one of their major marketed oncology medicines;
              Officer, which he has held since January 2009. Mr Baade is a CPA
              qualified accountant with extensive experience in the                        First patent granted for Starpharma’s DEP® dendrimers with
              pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Prior to joining                 AstraZeneca’s Bcl2/xL inhibitors, including AZD0466;
              Starpharma as Financial Controller in 2006, he has held positions            Clinical trials for DEP® docetaxel (phase 2) and DEP®
              at Hagemeyer, Cerylid Biosciences, Faulding (now Pfizer) and                  cabazitaxel (phase 1 / 2) progressed well with new sites
              UMT (Fonterra). He holds qualifications from University of                    opened and cohorts expanded;
              Tasmania and Monash University.
                                                                                           Approval to commence DEP® irinotecan phase 1 / 2 trial;
              Mr Baade is a director of BioMelbourne Network Inc, serving as its           DEP® irinotecan, showed significant efficacy and safety
              Treasurer and Chairman of the Finance, Audit and Risk Committee.              benefits over leading colorectal cancer drugs irinotecan
              Mr Baade is a member of the Australian Institute of Company                   (Camptosar®) and cetuximab (Erbitux®), in the irinotecan-
              Directors.                                                                    refractory HT-29 human colon cancer model;
                                                                                           DEP® irinotecan showed impressive efficacy and safety
                                                                                            benefits over standard irinotecan in combination with 5-FU in
                                                                                            a human pancreatic cancer model;




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                15


                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   15
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Review of operations (continued)
                                                                                       In its partnered DEP® programs - Starpharma signed a new
                       DEP® docetaxel & DEP® cabazitaxel outperformed both
                                                                                       commercial agreement with AstraZeneca to progress the
                        gemcitabine and Abraxane® in a human pancreatic cancer
                                                                                       development of a DEP® version of one of their major marketed
                        model; and
                                                                                       oncology medicines. Following completion of agreed preclinical
                       A range of DEP® radiopharmaceutical and other DEP®             studies by Starpharma, AstraZeneca has the option to licence the
                        candidates are undergoing testing in a variety of models.      DEP® oncology drug candidate for an option exercise fee of
                                                                                       US$5 million, plus industry standard development and
              VivaGel® Portfolio                                                       commercialisation milestones and escalating royalties on sales.




For personal use only
              During the year, Starpharma’s breakthrough product for bacterial         This is the second commercial oncology DEP® agreement with
              vaginosis (BV), VivaGel® BV, was launched in multiple regions and        AstraZeneca and is separate to the existing multiproduct licence
              the VivaGel® condom was launched in Japan.                               under which AZD0466 is being developed.

              The Australian launch of VivaGel® BV in April 2019 was the first         AZD0466 is a DEP® Bcl2/xL inhibitor conjugate, with broad
              launch globally of VivaGel® BV. Marketed as Fleurstat BVgel by           combination potential being evaluated in both solid and
              Aspen Pharmacare, it is the only BV treatment available over-the-        haematological tumours (blood cancers). A US FDA investigational
              counter (OTC) in Australia, without the need for a prescription.         new drug application (IND) is planned for AZD0466 in the near
                                                                                       future with the product expected to enter the clinic in 2019. During
              VivaGel® BV was also launched by Mundipharma under their                 the year, the first patent for Starpharma’s DEP® dendrimers with
              brand name Betadine BVTM in several countries in Europe,                 AstraZeneca’s Bcl2/xL inhibitors was granted in the US, providing
              including Germany, and further roll-out in additional European           exclusivity until 2038, and the potential for up to five years’
              countries is expected during CY2019. The launch of VivaGel® BV           extension.
              in Europe triggered a milestone payment of US$0.5 million (A$0.7
              million) to Starpharma. Starpharma is eligible to earn total             The company also progressed its other partnered programs during
              milestones up to US$24.7 million, plus revenue share, for all            the year. Starpharma also has Targeted DEP® partnerships with
              territories under Mundipharma’s licence. In August 2019 the first        world leading antibody-drug conjugate companies.
              Asian regulatory approvals were received for BETADINETM BV
              Gel.                                                                     Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year
              In December 2018, Starpharma signed a licence with ITF Pharma,
              Inc. for the sales and marketing rights to VivaGel® BV in the US.        No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2019 that
              Under the licence, Starpharma will be eligible to receive up to          have significantly affected, or may significantly affect:
              US$101 million in regulatory approval and commercialisation              (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years, or
              milestones in addition to attractive tiered royalties on sales.          (b) the results of those operations in future financial years, or
                                                                                       (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.
              In late December, Starpharma received advice from the FDA that it
              will require confirmatory clinical data prior to approving VivaGel®
              BV in the US. Starpharma is reviewing the potential options to
                                                                                       Strategy, future developments and prospects
              progress with the FDA and is focused on pursuing the most                The company aims to create value for shareholders through the
              expeditious and efficient path to approval. As part of its evaluation    commercial exploitation of proprietary products based on its
              of options, Starpharma is consulting with expert regulatory/legal        dendrimer technology in pharmaceutical and healthcare
              advisers on the avenues available for review of some of the              applications. The company’s key focus is to advance and broaden
              conclusions reached by FDA. Other options include generating             its product development pipeline, including internal and partnered
              confirmatory data through an additional BV treatment trial.              DEP® programs and commercial opportunities for VivaGel®. It is
              During the year, Starpharma achieved final regulatory approval for       intended to achieve this by continuing to utilise a combination of
              the VivaGel® condom in Japan. Okamoto launched the VivaGel®              internally funded and partnered projects across the portfolio. The
              condom in June 2019, under its highly successful Zero Zero Three         company commercialises its development pipeline with corporate
              (003) brand. Starpharma is eligible to receive royalties based on        partners via licencing agreements at various stages in a product’s
              sales of the VivaGel® condom and also revenue on supply of               development lifecycle; depending on the product, patent
              VivaGel® active. Starpharma received first receipts from Okamoto         opportunity, a partner’s relative strength of product and market
              in April. Good regulatory progress was also made in other regions        expertise, comparison of current and future potential returns, and
              for the VivaGel® condom including for Europe and China.                  the risks involved in advancing the product to the next value
                                                                                       inflection point or milestone.
              DEP® Drug Delivery Platform                                              Starpharma’s strategy remains consistent with previous years.
              Starpharma uses its DEP® dendrimer technology to improve the             Starpharma has extensive expertise, a strong intellectual property
              performance and delivery of pharmaceuticals whilst creating new          portfolio, deep product portfolio, a culture and ability to innovate
              IP. Starpharma is currently developing a number of DEP®                  and apply its technology platform to commercial opportunities,
              enhanced products internally, in addition to its partnered programs      proven risk management practices, and a strong cash position.
              through licences and collaborations with leading global                  The company will continue using its cash resources and VivaGel®
              pharmaceutical companies.                                                revenues to invest in selected research and development activities
              Starpharma has three DEP® products: DEP® docetaxel, DEP®                 to achieve its objectives.
              cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan – in clinical trials. Recruitment
              activities progressed well for DEP® docetaxel (phase 2) and DEP®         Legal
              cabazitaxel (phase 1 / 2), with new sites opened to support
              recruitment. Efficacy signals have been observed in a number of          At the date of the Directors’ Report there are no significant legal
              patients and both products continue to exhibit a notable lack of         issues.
              bone marrow toxicity and other common side effects including hair-
              loss, anaphylaxis and oedema. A phase 1 / 2 clinical trial recently
              commenced for DEP® irinotecan, in patients with advanced solid
              tumours, including for colon and pancreatic cancer. Initial sites will
              include The Christie, The Royal Marsden and Newcastle Freeman
              Hospital.
              Starpharma has a number of further DEP® products being
              developed internally, including a range of DEP® radio-
              pharmaceutical candidates which are undergoing testing in a
              variety of models.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                 16


               16       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Review of Financials                                                     Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                      2019           2018
                                                   30 June 2019      30 June 2018      Basic & diluted earnings/(loss) per
               Income statement                           $’000             $’000                                                    ($0.04)        ($0.03)
                                                                                       share
               Revenue                                      2,708             4,884
                                                                                       Material Business Risks
               Cost of goods sold                           (251)                  -
                                                                                       The group operates in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
               Other income                                    12                73    sectors and is in the development and early commercialisation




For personal use only
               Research and product                                                    phase. Any investment in these sectors is considered high-risk.
               development expense                       (10,454)          (10,576)    The group is subject to normal business risks, including but not
                                                                                       limited to interest rate movements, labour conditions, government
               Commercial and regulatory                                               policies, securities market conditions, exchange rate fluctuations
               operating expense                          (3,774)           (2,425)    and a range of other factors which are outside the control of the
               Corporate, administration and                                           Board and management. More specific material risks of the sector
               finance expense                            (2,495)           (2,241)    and the group include, but are not limited to:

               Loss for the period                       (14,254)          (10,285)        Scientific, technical & clinical – product development requires
                                                                                            a high level of scientific rigour, the outcomes of which cannot
                                                                                            be known beforehand. Activities are experimental in nature so
              Income statement
                                                                                            the risk of failure or delay is material. Key development
              The reported loss for the period was $14,254,000 (2018:                       activities, including clinical trials, are undertaken by specialist
              $10,285,000) reflecting the expensing of research and                         contract research organisations; and there are risks in
              development expenditure for the VivaGel® and DEP® programs.                   managing the quality and timelines of these activities.
              Total revenue and other income for the year was $2,720,000                   Regulatory – products and their testing may not be approved,
              (2018: $4,957,000), comprising revenue of $1,651,000 (2018:                   or may be delayed or withdrawn, by regulatory bodies (eg. US
              $3,812,000) for licensing, royalty and research revenue, interest             Food and Drug Administration) whose approvals are
              income of $1,057,000 (2018: $1,072,000) and other income of                   necessary before products can be sold in market.
              $12,000 (2018: $73,000). The current year revenue includes the
              initial product supply, royalties and milestones related to the              Financial – the group currently, and since inception, does not
              market launch of VivaGel® BV in Australia and Europe and the                  receive sufficient recurrent income to cover operating
              VivaGel® condom in Japan. The decrease in revenue from the prior              expenses. Although current cash reserves are sound, there is
              year is primarily due FY18 including signature milestone payments             no certainty that additional capital funding may not be
              of $2,955,000 for the licensing of VivaGel® BV for Europe, Asia,              required in the future, and no assurance can be given that
              South America, Middle East and Africa.                                        such funding will be available, if required.
              Research and product development expense includes the costs of               Intellectual property (IP) – commercial success requires the
              the internal DEP® drug delivery programs, and certain VivaGel® BV             ability to develop, obtain and maintain commercially valuable
              related expenditure. R&D expenses were at similar levels to the               patents, trade secrets and confidential information. Gaining
              prior year with ongoing clinical expenditure on DEP® docetaxel,               and maintaining the IP across multiple countries and
              and DEP® cabazitaxel, as well as initial expenditure for DEP®                 preventing the infringement of the group’s exclusive rights
              irinotecan.                                                                   involves management of complex legal, scientific and factual
              A contra research and development expense of $5,071,000 (2018:                issues. The company must also operate without infringing
              $4,056,000) has been recorded for research and development                    upon the IP of others.
              activities eligible under the Australian Government’s R&D tax                Commercialisation – the company relies, and intends to rely,
              incentive program. The increase reflects the additional expenditure           upon corporate partners to market, and in some cases finalise
              on the DEP® internal programs.                                                development and registration of its products, on its behalf.
              Commercial and regulatory operating expense includes the                      There are risks in establishing and maintaining these
              expenditure related to the commercialisation of both VivaGel® and             relationships, and with the manner in which partners execute
              DEP® portfolios, including business development, regulatory,                  on these licensing and collaborative agreements.
              supply chain and quality assurance activities. The increase in the           Product supply – the company is required to manufacture and
              year reflects internal and external costs related to commercial               supply product under certain licencing agreements. The
              licences and the launch of VivaGel® BV in multiple markets.                   manufacture of product is undertaken by specialist, regulatory
              Corporate, administration and finance expense includes corporate              approved, third party contract manufacturing organisations
              costs, as well as gains/losses on foreign currency held. The                  experienced in the sector. However, there are quality and
              increase over the prior corresponding period predominately                    supply delays/failure risks associated with the supply of
              reflects a lower foreign currency gain in the year.                           product.
              Balance sheet                                                                Product acceptance & competitiveness – a developed product
                                                                                            may not be considered by key opinion leaders (eg. doctors),
              At 30 June 2019 the group’s cash position was $41,251,000 (June
                                                                                            reimbursement authorities (eg. PBS-listing) or the end
              2018: $51,319,000). Trade and other receivables of $6,159,000
                                                                                            customer to be an effective alternative to products already on
              (June 2018: $6,134,000) includes $4,898,000 (June 2018:
                                                                                            market, or other products may be preferred.
              $3,847,000) receivable from the Australian Government under the
              R&D tax incentive program and $1,009,000 (2018: $2,065,000)                  Product liability – a claim or product recall may significantly
              receivable from customers for product supply and milestones, such             impact the company. Insurance, at an acceptable cost, may
              as Mundipharma for VivaGel® BV in Europe. Trade and other                     not be available or be adequate to cover liability claims or any
              payables have increased primarily on higher accruals associated               product recall costs (if any) if a product is found to be unsafe.
              with the three DEP® internal clinical trial programs.
                                                                                           Key personnel – the company’s success and achievements
              Statement of cash flows                                                       against timelines depend on key members of its highly
                                                                                            qualified, specialised and experienced management and
              The net operating cash outflows for the year were $10,344,000
                                                                                            scientific teams. The ability to retain and attract such
              (2018: $10,201,000). During the financial year, $4,019,000 (2018:
                                                                                            personnel is important.
              $3,747,000) was received from R&D tax incentives associated with
              eligible expenditure and activities from the prior financial year, and
              the VivaGel® BV European licence milestone of US$1.5M.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  17



                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   17
               Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

                       Grant and R&D incentives – the company may undertake              Environment and Regulation
                        R&D activities part-funded by incentive programs (eg. R&D
                        tax credits) and other under competitive grants. There is no      The group is subject to environmental regulations and other
                        certainty that grants or incentive programs will continue to be   licenses in respect of its research and development facilities.
                        available to the company, and changes in government policy        There are adequate systems in place to ensure compliance with
                        may reduce their applicability.                                   relevant Federal, State and Local environmental regulations and
                                                                                          the Board is not aware of any breach of applicable environmental
               In accordance with good business practice in the pharmaceutical            regulations by the group. There were no significant changes in
               industry, the group’s management actively and routinely employs a          laws or regulations during the 2019 financial year or since the end
                                                                                          of the year affecting the business activities of the group, and the




For personal use only
               variety of risk management strategies. These are broadly
               described in the Corporate Governance Statement (section 7.2               Board is not aware of any such changes in the near future.
               Risk assessment and management).
                                                                                          Meetings of Directors
               Health and Safety                                                          The number of meetings of the company’s Board of Directors and
               The Board, CEO and senior management team of the group are                 of each committee held during the year ended 30 June 2019, and
               committed to providing and maintaining a safe and healthy working          the numbers of meetings attended by each director were:
               environment for the company’s employees and anyone entering its                                                            Remuneration
               premises or with connections to the company’s business                                                      Audit & Risk    & Nomination
               operations. Employees are encouraged to actively participate in             Directors            Board        Committee       Committee
               the management of occupational health and safety (OH&S) issues.
                                                                                          J K Fairley             9 of 9              N/A               N/A
               The company has adopted an OH&S Policy and has an
               established OH&S committee structure as part of its overall                                        9 of 9
                                                                                          R A Hazleton                              2 of 2            3 of 3
               approach to workplace safety. The OH&S Committee provides a
               forum for management and employees to consult on health and                Z Peach                 9 of 9              N/A             3 of 3
               safety matters. The primary role of the committee is to coordinate
               the development and implementation of OH&S policy and                      R B Thomas              9 of 9            2 of 2            3 of 3
               procedures, to consider any work related safety matters or
               incidents, and to ensure compliance with relevant legislation and          P R Turvey              9 of 9            2 of 2              N/A
               guidelines. The committee includes representatives of
                                                                                          The table above illustrates the number of meetings attended
               management, and employees from each operational area
                                                                                          compared with the number of meetings held during the period that
               generally in proportion to the number of people working in the area
                                                                                          the director held office or was a member of the committee. N/A
               and the perceived safety risks associated with working in that area.
                                                                                          denotes that the director is not a member of the relevant
                                                                                          committee.
               The OH&S Committee meets on a regular basis over the year.
               Updates on OH&S matters are provided at Board meetings.




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                              18



               18       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              The remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2019 sets out remuneration information for non-executive directors, executive directors and
              other key management personnel of the group (KMP defined below).

              The remuneration report is presented under the following sections:

                        1.   Introduction
                        2.   Remuneration governance
                        3.   Non-executive director remuneration policy
                        4.   Executive remuneration policy
                                  a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration




For personal use only
                                  b) Remuneration principles and strategy
                                  c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
                                  d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY19
                        5.   Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
                        6.   Details of remuneration
                        7.   Executive employment agreements
                        8.   Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes

              1. Introduction

              Remuneration strategy
              Starpharma aims to ensure that its remuneration strategy successfully aligns the interests of its executives and employees with those of its
              shareholders. In framing its remuneration strategy, the Board is conscious that Starpharma only has a small number of employees
              (approximately 45) so endeavours to keep its remuneration relatively straightforward. Staff are generally required to have a specialist knowledge
              and develop products over the medium to long-term. The fact that Starpharma operates in a global business environment also influences its
              remuneration strategy.

              Starpharma continues to implement its corporate strategy to commercialise products from its dendrimer platform, with the group either having
              met or approaching important regulatory and commercial milestones.

              Starpharma’s remuneration structure is transparent and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) driven to align with the interests of shareholders and
              to reward performance across multi-year timeframes related to product development value-adding milestones, such as commercial deals.

              The structure and quantum of remuneration for FY19 remains largely consistent with the previous period, comprising fixed remuneration, short-
              term incentives (STI) in both cash and equity, and equity based long-term incentives (LTI). As communicated in previous years, the strategy and
              structural improvements implemented in 2015 included an increase of the relative portion of LTI for executives thereby reducing the proportion
              of fixed pay and short-term incentives. This was further strengthened in FY18 where the target LTI equity portions of total remuneration were
              increased to arrive at the current target remuneration mix is outlined on page 24.

              The number of rights awarded in the STI and LTI each year, as determined by the Board, is calculated on the face value based on the 3 month
              volume weighted average price (VWAP) to 30 June, reflecting the beginning of the performance period. This practice is consistent with the
              company’s practice since 2015, and the number of rights granted is not adjusted for changes in share price post 30 June. Following a number of
              achievements in early FY19, Starpharma’s share price increased resulting in the quantum of remuneration associated with performance rights
              being impacted due to the share price increasing between the time the Board determined the value of rights to grant and the value ascribed on
              the grant date. For instance, for the CEO the fair value at grant date, being the 2018 AGM, of $1.48 represents a 21% increase over the 3
              month VWAP to 30 June 2018 face value of $1.22.

              The remuneration report details the remuneration arrangements for key management personnel (KMP) who are defined as those persons
              having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the group, directly or indirectly including any
              director (whether executive or otherwise) of the parent.

              The table below outlines the KMP of the group during the financial year ended 30 June 2019. The individuals were KMP for the entire financial
              year. For the purposes of this report, the term “KMP executives” includes the executive director and other KMP executives of the group. “Other
              KMP executives” refers to KMP executives excluding the CEO. Profiles for each of the directors and company secretary can be found at the
              beginning of the Directors’ Report.

              (i) Non-executive directors                                                      (iii) Other KMP executives
              R B Thomas               Non-executive Chairman                                  N J Baade         Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary
              R A Hazleton             Non-executive Director                                  A Eglezos         VP, Business Development
              Z Peach                  Non-executive Director                                  D J Owen          VP, Research
              P R Turvey               Non-executive Director                                  J R Paull         VP, Development & Regulatory Affairs

              (ii) Executive director
                                 Chief Executive Officer & Managing
              J K Fairley
                                 Director (CEO)
              There were no changes to the KMP after the reporting date up to the date of this report.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                        19




                                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   19
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               2. Remuneration governance
               The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, consisting of three independent non-executive directors, advises the Board on remuneration
               policies and practices generally, and makes specific recommendations on remuneration packages and other terms of employment for
               non-executive directors, KMP executives and other senior executives. Where required, external remuneration advice may be sought by the
               Remuneration and Nomination Committee or the Board.

               Specifically, the Board approves the remuneration arrangements of the CEO including awards made under the STI and LTI plans, following
               recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board approves, having regard to recommendations made by the
               CEO to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the level of remuneration, including STI and LTI awards, for executives. The Board also




For personal use only
               sets the aggregate fee pool for non-executive directors (which is subject to shareholder approval) and non-executive director fee levels.

               The company’s remuneration structure aims to:
                       Attract and retain exceptional people to lead and manage the group and to support internal development of executive talent within the
                        group, recognising that Starpharma is operating in a competitive global industry environment;
                       Drive sustainable growth and returns to shareholders, as executives are set both short-term and long-term performance targets linked to
                        the core activities necessary to build competitive advantages and shareholder value;
                       Motivate and reward superior performance by the executive team whilst aligning these to the interests of shareholders; and
                       Create a respectful culture of performance and innovation through appropriately structured individual assessments.

               Benchmarking
               Extensive salary and remuneration benchmarking is undertaken by Starpharma each year for executive and non-executive positions.
               Starpharma benchmarks fixed and total remuneration against employment positions of comparable specialisation, size and responsibility within
               the industry. Fixed remuneration is supplemented by providing incentives (variable remuneration) to reward superior performance.

               Performance reviews
               At the beginning of a performance period all staff have KPIs set, specific to their role. At the conclusion of the performance period a
               performance review against these KPIs is conducted and this feeds into the annual salary review process. The performance reviews consider
               behavioural and cultural aspects of performance, as well as objective planning and professional and personal development. The objective of the
               salary review is to ensure that all employees are appropriately remunerated based on performance, that remuneration is competitive within the
               relevant industry sector, and that increases in employees’ skills and responsibilities are recognised. During the year a performance review of all
               staff took place in accordance with this process. As part of the process, each employee’s performance is assessed against their pre-agreed
               individual KPIs and/or business unit performance and corporate KPIs and to determine, subject to business considerations such as cash
               availability, if an incentive award is payable, and if so, at what level.

               Use of remuneration consultants
               If remuneration consultants are to be engaged to provide remuneration recommendations as defined in section 9B of the Corporations Act 2001,
               they are to be engaged by, and report directly to, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. No remuneration consultants have been
               engaged to provide such remuneration services during the financial year.

               Voting at the company’s 2018 Annual General Meeting (AGM)
               Of the votes cast on the company’s remuneration report for the 2018 financial year, over 96% were in favour of the resolution.

               As part of the group’s commitment to continuous improvement, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board consider
               comments made by shareholders and proxy advisers in respect of remuneration related issues. Members of the Remuneration and Nomination
               Committee routinely engage with proxy advisors to discuss a range of governance and remuneration matters.




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                     20



               20       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               Starpharma remuneration process summary




                                                                                      BOARD
                          Has overall responsibility for oversight of Starpharma’s remuneration policy and its principles and processes, and ensures
                          appropriate benchmarking and the group’s ability to pay are considered in remuneration related decision making.

                          Following recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Board considers and approves:




For personal use only
                                   Starpharma’s executive remuneration policy;
                                   The remuneration packages of the CEO and other senior executives;
                                   The ‘at-risk’ components of executive remuneration packages, including the structure and operation of equity based
                                    plans; and
                                   The remuneration of non-executive directors.




                                   Oversee
                                      &
                                   Approve                      Inform &
                                                                 Recom-
                                                                  mend                                                        REMUNERATION
                                                                                                                           CONSULTANTS & OTHER
                                                                                                                            EXTERNAL ADVISORS
                            REMUNERATION & NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                         Where required, support the
                          Reviews and recommends the following to the Board:                  Support & Advise          Remuneration and Nomination
                                                                                                                        Committee by providing
                                  Starpharma’s executive remuneration                                                  independent advice on matters
                                   policies;                                                                            including:
                                  Specific remuneration recommendations                                                     Benchmarking data;
                                   for the CEO and other senior executives;                                                  Legal and regulatory
                                  Design of incentive plans; and                                                             advice on remuneration
                                  Remuneration for non-executive directors.             Engage & Oversee                     related issues for directors
                                                                                                                              and executives; and
                                                                                                                             Advice on incentive plans.

                                Oversee
                                   &
                                Approve                       Inform &
                                                               Recom-
                                                                mend


                                                   CEO

                          Reviews and recommends remuneration
                          arrangements and outcomes of performance
                          assessments to the Remuneration and Nomination
                          Committee for senior executives.



               Further information on the Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s role, responsibilities and membership is outlined in the committee’s
               charter available at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

               Trading in company securities
               The trading of shares issued to participants under any of the company’s employee equity plans is governed by the company’s securities dealing
               policy. All employees and directors are prohibited from entering into any hedging arrangements over unvested securities and from margin
               lending on Starpharma securities. Further information regarding the company’s dealing in securities policy is set out in the Corporate
               Governance Statement and the policy is available at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

               Clawback of remuneration
               In the reasonable opinion of the Board, if a KMP executive has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may determine that any equity right
               (including an exercisable, vested right) should lapse.




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  21



                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   21
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               3. Non-executive director remuneration policy
               Determination of fees and the maximum aggregate fee pool
               The Board seeks to set non-executive directors’ fees at a level which provides the group with the ability to attract and retain non-executive
               directors of the highest calibre with relevant professional expertise. The fees also reflect the demands which are made on, and the
               responsibilities of, the non-executive directors, whilst incurring a cost which is acceptable to shareholders.

               Non-executive directors’ fees and the aggregate fee pool are reviewed annually by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee against fees
               paid to non-executive directors in a group of comparable peer companies within the biotechnology sector and relevant companies in the broader
               ASX-listed market. The Chairman’s fees are determined by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee independently of the fees of non-




For personal use only
               executive directors based on the same role, again using benchmarking data from comparable companies in the biotechnology sector. The
               Board is ultimately responsible for approving any changes to non-executive director fees, upon consideration of recommendations put forward
               by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

               The company’s constitution and the ASX listing rules specify that the non-executive directors’ maximum aggregate fee pool shall be determined
               from time to time by a general meeting of shareholders. The latest determination was at the 2014 AGM held on 20 November 2014 when
               shareholders approved an aggregate fee pool of $550,000. The Board will not seek any increase in the non-executive directors’ maximum fee
               pool at the 2019 AGM.

               Fee policy
               Non-executive directors’ fees consist of base fees and committee fees. The payment of committee fees recognises the additional time,
               responsibility and commitment required by non-executive directors who serve on board committees. The Chairman of the Board is a member of
               all committees but does not receive any committee fees in addition to his base fee.

               Non-executive directors did not receive bonuses or forms of equity securities, or any performance-related remuneration during the financial
               year. Statutory superannuation contributions are required under the Australian superannuation guarantee legislation to be paid on any fees paid
               to Australian directors. There are no retirement allowances paid to non-executive directors. The non-executive directors’ fees reported below
               include any statutory superannuation contributions.

               Fees paid in FY19
               The aggregate amount paid to non-executive directors for the year ended 30 June 2019 was $355,500 (2018: $349,500). The details of
               remuneration for each non-executive director for the years ended 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018 are outlined in the tables in section 6.

               Proposed fee adjustments for FY20
               Having reviewed benchmarking data for directors’ fees, the Board proposes that the amounts paid as Chairman’s fees and base fees for other
               non-executive directors from 1 July 2019 be increased to $134,000 and $68,000 respectively. The amounts for both committee chairs will
               increase to $10,500 and the fee for committee members remains unchanged. The proposed fees, compared to the current FY19 levels
               represent an overall increase of 3.5% and are outlined in the table below.

                                                                                                                            Proposed Fees        Actual Fees to
               Annual Non-Executive Directors’ Fees                                                                       from 1 July 2020        30 June 2019
               Board fees                                                                                                                  $                   $

               Chair (no additional fees for serving on Board committees)                                                           134,000              130,000
               Base fee for other non-executive directors                                                                            68,000               65,500

               Committee fees
               Audit and Risk Committee                                                          Chair                               10.500               10,000
                                                                                                 Member                                4,500               4,500
               Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                             Chair                               10,500               10,000
                                                                                                 Member                                4,500               4,500




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  22



               22       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              4. Executive remuneration policy
              a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
              The group aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration appropriate to their position, experience and responsibilities, whilst
              being market competitive and enabling the company to retain staff whilst structuring awards which conserve cash reserves.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, with the Board, actively reviews the group’s remuneration structure and benchmarks the
              proportion of fixed remuneration, short-term incentives and long-term incentives against relevant comparators to ensure the policy objectives are
              met and are in-line with good corporate practice for Starpharma’s size, industry and stage of development. Remuneration levels are considered
              annually through the remuneration review, which considers industry benchmarks and the performance of the group and individual. Other factors




For personal use only
              taken into account in determining remuneration include a demonstrated record of performance and the group’s ability to pay. In the case of
              executives, the CEO provides recommendations to the committee.

              As in prior years, remuneration benchmarking was undertaken for FY19 with reference to industry peers, together with, where appropriate, other
              benchmarking reports which apply to specific positions. A group of peer companies were included in the benchmarking exercise for FY19, from
              within the pharma/biotechnology sector. These peer companies included Acrux, AirXpanders,Bionomics, Clinuvel, IDT Australia, Impedimed,
              Mayne Pharma, Medical Developments International, Mesoblast, Nanosonics, Pharmaxis, Phosphagenics, Prana Biotechnology, Reva Medical,
              Sirtex Medical, Universal Biosensors and Viralytics. Several of the peer companies included for benchmarking for FY19 have been the subject
              of takeover activity or are no longer operating. Starpharma reviews and develops this benchmark list of peer companies annually to add and
              remove companies based on their current operations; their size; market capitalisation; and the complexity of their business. For some executive
              roles it may be necessary to add or modify the composition of the peer group to ensure comparable roles are benchmarked.

              In reviewing the benchmarking data and determining the level of CEO pay, the Board considers the experience and calibre of its CEO in
              comparison to Starpharma’s peers, ensuring that remuneration is commensurate with talent, skills and experience. There are no guaranteed
              base pay increases or bonuses in any executive contracts.

              The CEO has a maximum cash bonus entitlement as a component of STI, which for FY19 was $242,500, which represented a target of 15% of
              total remuneration. Other executives do not have a pre-specified maximum cash bonus entitlement; however, bonuses are awarded from a
              target shared pool for executives as a percentage of total fixed remuneration, based on personal and business unit KPIs and subject to cash
              availability. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee considers that this approach provides flexibility in rewarding superior executive
              performance and is appropriate for the size of the company at this time, enabling it to manage its cash reserves as required.

              For FY19, the STI target cash bonus pool for other KMP executives was 25% of fixed remuneration to align with the strategy to balance the STI
              ‘at risk’ portions of remuneration for other KMP executives between cash and equity.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    23



                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   23
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)
               b) Remuneration principles and strategy
               The group’s executive remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals and align the interests of
               executives with shareholders, recognising it is operating in the international marketplace, and is summarised below.


                                                                    Remuneration strategy linkages to group objectives




For personal use only
                    Align the interests of executives with shareholders                      Attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals
                          The remuneration framework incorporates “at risk”                     The remuneration offering is competitive for companies of similar
                           components, which are determined by performance, through               size and complexity within the industry through benchmarking
                           STI and LTI
                                                                                                 The mix of short and longer-term remuneration encourages
                          Performance is assessed against a suite of measures                    retention and performance across multiple years as appropriate
                           relevant to the success of the group and generating growth             for the lifecycle of the group
                           and returns for shareholders




                    Component                             Vehicle                          Purpose                             Link to Performance

                    Fixed remuneration                    Base salary, superannuation      To provide competitive fixed        Group and individual performance
                                                          contributions and other          remuneration set with reference     are considered during the annual
                                                          benefits (breakdown of fixed     to the role, market and             remuneration review.
                                                          remuneration is at the           experience.
                                                          executive’s discretion).

                    Short-Term Incentives (STI)           Cash and equity                  Rewards executives for their        Allocation of cash bonuses and
                                                                                           contribution to achievement of      vesting of equity linked to internal
                    (Performance period of less           The equity instrument is         business outcomes. Deferred         KPIs, both business unit and
                    than 3 years)                         currently performance rights,    equity acts as a retention tool     corporate, over the medium term
                                                          which is based on a              and aligns with interests of        which are important drivers of value
                                                          performance assessment, with     shareholders.                       and typical within the biotechnology
                                                          a one year performance                                               industry. For example, achievement
                                                          period and deferred vesting of                                       of specified development, clinical,
                                                          a further one year, subject to                                       regulatory and commercial
                                                          continued employment.                                                milestones.

                    Long-Term Incentives (LTI)            Equity                           Rewards executives for their        Vesting of grants are dependent on
                                                                                           contribution to the creation of     internal measures, both business
                    (Performance period of                The equity instrument is         shareholder value over the          unit and corporate over the longer
                    3 years or more)                      currently performance rights     longer term, acts as a retention    term; and total shareholder return
                                                          with a 3-year performance        tool and aligns with interests of   (TSR) relative to the S&P/ASX300
                                                          period.                          shareholders.                       Index.



               The target remuneration mix is outlined in the diagrams below. Having implemented several structural improvements in 2015, there has been a
               period of transition over multiple years as an increasing proportion of remuneration is directed to LTIs to achieve the desired target mix. This
               was further strengthened in FY18 where the target LTI equity as a proportion of total remuneration was again increased to further align
               executives with long term outcomes. The transition over this time has been conducted in a thoughtful and deliberate manner to take into account
               the impact in motivating and retaining executives. For other KMP executives, the company has gradually increased the proportion of ‘at risk’
               long term incentives to the desired level to ensure management remain focused on long term outcomes.

               Target Remuneration Mix




               The STI and LTI components of remuneration are variable and are linked to pre-determined performance conditions, such as KPIs, that are
               designed to reward executives based on the company’s performance, the performance of the relevant business unit and demonstrated
               individual superior performance. The details are outlined on pages 25 to 28 of this report.


               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                       24



               24       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              To achieve the target remuneration mix, the below performance pay structure was adopted in FY19 and is consistent with the prior year. The
              timeline and structure of the proposed performance related pay to be granted in FY20 to executives is consistent with this structure.




For personal use only
              c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
              Starpharma Short-Term Incentives (STI) – includes cash bonus and short-term equity

              The group operates an annual STI program available to executives and awards cash and equity incentives subject to the attainment of clearly
              defined KPIs. The STI is ‘at risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving relevant KPIs.


                  Who participates?                 Executives

                  How are STIs delivered?           Cash bonus and performance rights, both based on a one year performance period, with the
                                                    performance rights conditional upon a deferred vesting date of a further one year, subject to continued
                                                    employment.
                                                    Providing some rights that vest in the short-term allows the company to preserve cash by offering
                                                    equity as a short-term incentive in addition to smaller cash bonuses. This is common practice for
                                                    companies at a similar stage of their life cycle.
                                                    During FY19 the CEO and executives were awarded STI equity with a 1 year performance period
                                                    (1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019), with a deferred vesting date of 30 June 2020 dependent on continued
                                                    employment.

                  What is the STI opportunity?      The STI opportunity is a target of ~25% and ~20% of total remuneration for the CEO and other KMP
                                                    executives, respectively. The STI opportunity for the CEO was on target; and within 2% for all other
                                                    KMP executives (average 21%) for FY19.
                                                    The CEO STI opportunity for FY19 was 25% of total remuneration, comprising of a cash component
                                                    (~60%) and an equity component (~40%). The cash opportunity component was equivalent to 45% of
                                                    total fixed remuneration.
                                                    In FY19, other KMP executives had an average target STI opportunity of 21% of total remuneration,
                                                    split between cash (~60%) and equity (~40%) The cash bonuses awarded to other KMP executives in
                                                    FY19 equated to an average of 14% of total remuneration or an average of 28% of total fixed
                                                    remuneration, based on the achievements in the year.

                  What are the STI performance      Actual STI payments awarded to each executive depend on the extent to which they meet specific key
                  conditions for FY19?              performance indicators (KPIs) set at the beginning of the period. The KPIs are typical of a
                                                    biotechnology company at Starpharma’s stage of development, and may include Corporate KPIs and
                                                    Business Unit KPIs relating to strategic and operational objectives. Details of the Corporate KPIs for
                                                    performance, which was assessed during FY19, are explained in section 5 of the remuneration report.
                                                    Given the company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as earnings per share) are not
                                                    entirely relevant in linking pay to performance.
                                                    The performance measures applicable in determining STI awards for the CEO and other executives are
                                                    noted in the table below:

                                                                                     Corporate KPIs                  Business Units KPIs

                                                       STI Cash Bonus                CEO 100%                        Other executives 100%

                                                       STI Performance Rights        CEO 100%                        Other executives 70%
                                                                                     Other executives 30%

                                                       Details regarding LTI performance conditions are contained on page 27.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  25



                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   25
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)


                    How is performance                       At the end of each performance period (typically annually), after consideration of performance against
                    assessed?                                KPIs, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends for Board approval the amount of
                                                             STI to be paid from the maximum entitlement to the CEO.
                                                             For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee seeks
                                                             recommendations from the CEO, and then makes recommendations to the Board.




For personal use only
                    When is performance                      The end of the financial year corresponds with the end of each performance period. Performance is
                    assessed and when are                    assessed following the end of the financial year to allow for timely disclosure in the annual
                    awards paid or vest?                     remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                             The STI cash component is paid approximately three months following the end of the financial year and
                                                             once the performance assessment review is complete.
                                                             For STI equity, a proportion of rights, based on the performance assessment, will remain available
                                                             (deferred) to vest on 30 June the following year. Any rights forfeited based on the performance
                                                             assessment will be forfeited within the first three months of the new financial year following the
                                                             performance assessment.
                                                             The vesting of deferred rights on 30 June is subject to the continued employment condition being
                                                             satisfied. Once vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed
                                                             exercise windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is
                                                             15 years from grant date.

                    Is performance against KPIs              Whilst the company’s policy is not to disclose commercially sensitive information, consistent with best
                    disclosed?                               practice disclosure obligations, it will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the
                                                             extent commercially practicable.
                                                             Specific metrics are applied to each KPI to assist in the assessment undertaken for each
                                                             performance period. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events
                                                             and circumstances not envisaged.

                    Contractual entitlement?                 Only the CEO has a STI cash bonus entitlement whereby the maximum amount achievable is set.
                                                             There is no predetermined STI equity entitlement. No other executive service agreements contain any
                                                             contractual entitlement to STI cash or equity.

                    What happens if an executive             If an employee ceases employment, all unvested rights lapse except for certain circumstances
                    leaves?                                  relating to “good leaver” provisions. The “good leaver” provisions allow the Board to determine the
                                                             accelerated vesting of the rights if the employee ceases employment due to death, illness,
                                                             permanent disability, redundancy or any other circumstance approved by the Board after
                                                             considering the portion of the performance period that has elapsed and the extent to which
                                                             performance conditions have been met.

                    What happens on a change of              Board discretion, after considering the portion of the performance period that has elapsed and the
                    control?                                 extent to which performance conditions have been met.

                    What happens in the case of              If, in the opinion of the Board, an employee has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may
                    fraud/dishonesty?                        determine that any unvested right granted to that employee, or any vested right, not exercised,
                                                             would lapse.

                    Re-testing                               There is no re-testing of KPIs in subsequent years if performance conditions are not met.

                    How is the conversion of                 The conversion of performance rights is currently satisfied by the issue of new shares, rather than
                    performance rights to shares             a purchase of shares on market, to conserve the company’s cash reserves. This is common
                    satisfied?                               practice for companies at a similar stage of their life cycle. This is reviewed periodically and
                                                             purchases of shares on market may be undertaken in the future if appropriate.

                    Are performance rights                   Performance rights - whether unvested, or vested and not exercised - are not eligible to receive
                    eligible for dividends?                  dividends.




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                          26



               26       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              Starpharma Long-Term Incentives (LTI) – Equity

              Participation in these plans is at the Board’s discretion. For key appointments, an initial allocation of long-term equity incentives may be offered
              as a component of the initial employment agreement. The LTI is ‘at-risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving the relevant KPIs.


                  Who participates?                    Executives

                  How are LTIs delivered?              Performance rights with a performance/vesting period of 3 years or more. The LTI performance rights
                                                       awarded during FY19 have 3 year performance periods for all executives. In FY15, LTIs for other KMP




For personal use only
                                                       executives included both 3 and 4 year performance periods as part of the transition arrangements to
                                                       the new executive remuneration structure.

                  What is the LTI opportunity?         The CEO LTI opportunity for FY19 was 41% of total remuneration. For other KMP executives, the LTI
                                                       opportunity for FY19 was ~30% of total remuneration. As outlined in section 4 of the remuneration
                                                       report, the target LTI opportunity is 40% and 30% of total remuneration for the CEO and other KMP
                                                       executives, respectively.

                  What are the LTI performance         Corporate KPIs reflect long-term (3 year) strategic, operational and financial management objectives.
                  conditions for rights granted        These relate to key value creating events and significant milestones that are linked to Starpharma’s
                  in FY19?                             business areas. For the performance period to 30 June 2019 these were:
                                                                The monetisation of the VivaGel® and Drug Delivery portfolios represented by the completion
                                                                 of a number of commercial deals that build shareholder value and/or generate income; and
                                                                The development of new DEP® candidates and/or the licensing of DEP® candidates.
                                                       Due to the commercially sensitive nature of the specific performance metrics within these KPIs,
                                                       Starpharma will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the extent commercially
                                                       practicable in the annual report.
                                                       In maintaining the link between executive remuneration outcomes and the returns to shareholders,
                                                       relative TSR is considered a relevant performance condition in respect of LTIs. The relative TSR
                                                       hurdle reflects Starpharma’s TSR compared to the S&P/ASX300 Accumulation Index (Index), and
                                                       includes share price growth, and any dividends and capital returns. The Board has chosen this Index
                                                       for the TSR comparator group as it provides an external, market-based performance measure to
                                                       which the company’s performance can be compared in relative terms. The Index is considered
                                                       appropriate as it provides a comparison of shareholder returns that is relevant to investors, and
                                                       reflects the aspiration of the company.
                                                       The Board considers that the Index is a more appropriate comparator than a customised group of
                                                       peer companies due to the inherent volatility of each of these companies, typical within the
                                                       biotechnology industry. In recent years, the performance of Starpharma’s industry peers has been
                                                       particularly volatile, with a number of companies experiencing significant decreases in market
                                                       capitalisation down to under $30 million and a number have gone through some type of corporate
                                                       activity (e.g. takeovers) or are no longer ASX listed. Given that the relative TSR is measured over a
                                                       three year period, the Index is favoured as a more stable and appropriate comparator. Also, the
                                                       published Healthcare Index was considered as a possible comparator, however was determined to be
                                                       inappropriate given its concentrated composition including CSL Limited and other large service
                                                       oriented companies, such as private hospitals. Each year, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                       Committee, and the Board, review the suitability of the Index as a comparator.
                                                       To achieve the full relative TSR performance condition, Starpharma’s TSR must reach 10% per annum
                                                       (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index, which is considered a realistic but stretching target.

                                                       The table below sets out the percentage of performance rights that will vest depending on the
                                                       company’s TSR compared to the Index over the relevant period.


                                                        Annualised Starpharma TSR compared                  Percentage of rights subject to the relative
                                                        with the Index                                      TSR performance condition which vest

                                                        Below Index                                         0%

                                                        Equal to Index                                      50%

                                                        Between Index and Index + 9.99%                     Pro rata basis from 51% to 99%

                                                        At least 10% per annum above Index                  100%
                                                        (or ≥ 30% over 3 years)

                                                       For example, if the TSR of the Index is 10% per annum, then Starpharma would need to achieve a
                                                       TSR of 20% per annum or more for all of the relative TSR related performance rights to vest. The
                                                       above hurdle recognises the return that investors expect when investing in the biotechnology sector.
                                                       The Board considers an additional return of 10% per annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index to
                                                       be a realistic but stretching target for all relative TSR rights to vest.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                     27



                                                                                                                         STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   27
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)


                                                             The performance measures applicable in determining LTI awards for the CEO and other executives
                                                             are noted in the table below:

                                                                                           Corporate KPIs            TSR                   Business Unit KPIs

                                                              CEO                          70%                       30%                   N/A




For personal use only
                                                              Other executives             15%                       15%                   70%

                                                             The Board considers 30% and 15% of LTI equity as the appropriate portion for relative TSR for the
                                                             CEO and other executives, respectively. In determining the percentages, the Board considered input
                                                             from investors and proxy advisers to arrive at a level that is considered meaningful as a measure of
                                                             performance, and sufficient to be relevant.
                                                             The relative TSR performance measure does not allow for a portion of the award to vest at below
                                                             median performance, which is consistent with good market practice. Additionally, the Board maintains
                                                             absolute discretion in finalising remuneration outcomes for incentive-based awards to the CEO and
                                                             other executives. The Board may exercise its discretion (either up or down) to take into account the
                                                             impacts of external market conditions outside the control of management. The Board is cognisant of
                                                             ensuring fairness and that any exercise of discretion reinforces Starpharma’s strategy and
                                                             remuneration policy. Accordingly, in the event that the Index has performed particularly poorly, the
                                                             Board may exercise its discretion to prevent excessive executive awards in years of poor shareholder
                                                             returns.

                    How is performance                       At the end of each performance period, after consideration of performance against KPIs, the
                    assessed?                                Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends the amount of LTIs to vest to the CEO for
                                                             approval by the Board. For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                             Committee seeks recommendations from the CEO, and then make recommendations to the Board.
                                                             Relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm with specialist expertise.

                    When is performance                      The end of the financial year corresponds with the end of each performance period. Performance is
                    assessed and when are                    assessed following the end of the financial year to allow for the timely disclosure in the annual
                    awards paid or vest?                     remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                             For LTI equity, the rights will vest on 30 September following the performance assessment. Once
                                                             vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed exercise
                                                             windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is 15 years
                                                             from grant date.

                    Is performance against KPIs
                                                             Same as for STI.
                    disclosed?

                    Contractual entitlement?                 There are no predetermined LTI equity entitlements.

                    What happens if an executive
                    leaves?                                  Same as for STI.

                    What happens on a change of
                                                             Same as for STI.
                    control?
                    What happens in the case of
                    fraud/dishonesty?                        Same as for STI.

                    Re-testing                               Same as for STI.
                    How is the conversion of
                    performance rights to shares             Same as for STI.
                    satisfied?
                    Are performance rights eligible
                                                             Same as for STI.
                    for dividends?




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                       28



               28       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY19
              In FY19, the Board determined the number of rights granted for STI and LTI equity based on the face value of rights (see below) and the target
              remuneration mix as set out on page 24.

              Starpharma uses and reports face value for determining the allocation of equity as it provides transparency on the value of the allocations
              compared with fair value. This practice reflects the increasingly accepted view by industry that presenting remuneration equity at face value
              provides a more accurate representation of the true value of that equity and for users to understand the value of these awards.

              The face value of each right is based on the VWAP of the company’s shares traded on the ASX over the 3 month period to 30 June 2018, which
              reflects the beginning of the performance period. The 3 month period has been determined to be the appropriate duration for the calculation of




For personal use only
              the VWAP as it limits any unintended consequences of short-term volatility in the company’s share price and is consistent with the duration used
              in the calculation of TSR for the relative TSR performance condition. The face value is not adjusted for changes (increase or decreases) in
              share price post 30 June, which has been the practice since 2015. The face value for each right was $1.2224.

              The below tables summarise the equity incentives granted in FY19:

                                                                                              Deferred STI equity                              LTI equity
                                                Performance Period                    1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019           1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021
                                                Deferral Period                             12 months from end of
                                                                                                                                           Not applicable
                                                                                               performance period
                                                Vesting Date                                         30 June 2020                    30 September 2021
                                                Face Value per Right                       Based on 3 month VWAP to 30 June 2018 of $1.2224
                                               Method for calculating number        Total value of grant at face value divided by the face value per right
                                               of rights
                  J K Fairley                   Face Value of grant                                      $165,000                               $659,999
                  (CEO and Managing
                  Director)                     Number of Rights                                           134,980                                539,921
                                                                       #
                                                Fair value per AASB2                                     $199,096                               $740,696
                                                                                                                                    70% Corporate KPIs
                                                Performance Conditions                       100% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                          30% relative TSR performance
                  J Paull                       Face Value of grant                                        $51,585                              $206,341
                  (Other KMP Executives)        Number of Rights                                            42,200                                168,800
                                                                       †
                                                Fair value per AASB2                                       $53,231                              $202,452
                                                                                          70% Business Unit KPIs               70% Business Unit KPIs
                                                Performance Conditions                       30% Corporate KPIs                     15% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                          15% relative TSR performance
                  N J Baade                     Face Value of grant                                        $47,185                              $188,739
                  A Eglezos                     Number of Rights                                            38,600                                154,400
                                                                       †
                  D J Owen                      Fair value per AASB2                                       $48,690                              $185,181
                  (Other KMP Executives)                                                  70% Business Unit KPIs                70% Business Unit KPIs
                                                Performance Conditions                       30% Corporate KPIs                     15% Corporate KPIs
                                                Performance Conditions (% of
                                                Face Value)                                                               15% relative TSR performance

                  Other Vesting Conditions                Remains employed until the vesting date and has not engaged in fraud or dishonesty
              #
                The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the AGM date when shareholders approve the grant of the rights.
              Starpharma’s accounts are required under Australian Accounting Standards to show a fair value calculation, hence its’ inclusion in the table
              above.
              †
                The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the date when the performance rights were offered. Starpharma’s
              accounts are required under Australian Accounting Standards to show a fair value calculation, hence its’ inclusion in the table above.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                   29



                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   29
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
               Given the company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as profitability) are not necessarily an appropriate measure of executive
               performance. The company’s remuneration policy aligns executive reward with the interests of shareholders. The primary focus is on growth in
               shareholder value through achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones, and therefore performance goals are not
               necessarily linked to typical financial performance measures utilised by companies operating in other market segments. However, the Board
               recognises that share price performance is clearly relevant to the extent that it reflects shareholder returns, and as such Starpharma’s TSR
               relative to the S&P/ASX300 Index is used as a relevant metric for portions of executive equity awards. The impact of share price performance
               on the vesting of certain performance rights is detailed in the table below.




For personal use only
                                                                                 FY19            FY18           FY17            FY16            FY15

                    Closing price 30 June                                        $1.36           $1.17          $0.73          $0.645          $0.73
                    Share price high                                             $1.66           $1.67          $0.88           $0.98          $0.99
                    Share price low                                              $0.87           $0.71          $0.59           $0.54          $0.41
                    Number of performance rights forfeited by CEO based            -               -           244,500         430,000        150,000
                    on share price, with the performance period ending 30
                    June (or otherwise in the FY).
                    % of performance rights forfeited by CEO based on             0%              0%             13%            50%             21%
                    share price (as a percentage of total performance
                    rights with the performance period ending 30 June, or
                    otherwise in the FY).

               Fixed remuneration:
               The average increase in KMP executive fixed remuneration for FY19 was 3.2% (FY18: 3.2%). There was no increase above 5% in the total
               fixed remuneration package for any KMP executive in the year. The revised total fixed remuneration is consistent with similar roles in the sector
               and reflects the evolution of the company and associated greater responsibility of executives.

               Performance related pay:
               In the assessment of STI and LTI KPIs, the Board took account of the significant achievements obtained in the performance periods and the
               effort and dedication required to accomplish these milestones. These achievements include those listed on pages 32 to 33.

               Short-term incentives (STI):

               Summary of performance pay related to FY19 for the CEO


                                                                                                  STI Cash                 STI Equity
                                                                                                        ($)              (# of Rights)
                    Maximum Available                                                              $242,500                    134,980
                    STI Achieved                                                                   $202,488                    112,708
                    % Achieved                                                                         83.5%                    83.5%

               STI awards (cash and equity) for the CEO in FY19 were based on the scorecard measures and weightings as disclosed below. These targets
               were set by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board at the beginning of the performance period and align to the
               company’s strategic, operational and financial objectives. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that the
               CEO had achieved a performance assessment of 83.5% of STI awards for the performance period 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019. The KPIs
               are reviewed and updated annually.


               Summary of performance pay related to FY19 for Other KMP executives

               For STI awards for other KMP executives, the CEO assesses the other KMP executives’ performance against predetermined KPIs relevant
               to their business unit. These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 30% of STI equity awards based
               on the percentage achievement of corporate KPIs as disclosed above. The achievement of corporate KPIs requires significant input and
               superior performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the
               Board in respect of the STI performance assessment and amounts to be awarded.

               The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that other KMP executives had achieved an average performance
               assessment of 88% of STI awards (between 85% and 90%) for the performance period 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                     30



               30       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              Long-term incentives (LTI):

              Summary of performance pay for the CEO for the three years ended 30 June 2019

                                                                                                            LTI Equity
                                                                                                         (# of Rights)                    % Achieved

                  Maximum Available                                                                            876,978
                  LTI Achieved




For personal use only
                        KPIs for 3 years to 30 June 2019                                                       506,494                          94.3%
                        Relative TSR for 3 years to 30 June 2019                                               339,787                         100.0%
                  Total LTI Achieved                                                                          846,281
                  % Achieved                                                                                    96.5%


              Performance assessment of relative TSR for the three years ended 30 June 2019

              The company’s TSR was tested against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance period ended 30 June
              2019. The company’s TSR over the period was 82.2% compared with an Index TSR over the period of only 26.4%. The company’s annualised
              TSR for the period was 22.1% compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index annualised TSR of 8.1% well above the additional 10% per annum
              required. As a result, 100% of the relative TSR component vested. The TSR calculations were performed by an independent professional
              services firm.

              The table below provides a summary of the achievement of annualised TSR performance:

                  Performance Period                                                                             3 years to                        3 years to
                                                                                                              30 June 2019                     30 June 2018

                  Starpharma annualised TSR                                                                          22.1%                              21.4%
                  Index annualised TSR                                                                                   8.1%                            4.4%
                  Starpharma outperformance of Index (annualised over 3 years)                                       14.0%                              17.0%
                  % of relative TSR awarded                                                                           100%                              100%

              Summary of performance pay for other KMP executives for the three years ended 30 June 2019

              For LTI awards for other KMP executives, the CEO assesses their performance against predetermined KPIs relevant to their business unit.
              These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 15% of LTI equity awards based on the percentage
              achievement of corporate KPIs, and the remaining 15% based on relative TSR (as disclosed above). The achievement of corporate KPIs
              requires significant input and superior performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations to the Remuneration and
              Nomination Committee and the Board in respect of the LTI performance assessment and amounts to be awarded.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that other KMP executives had achieved a performance assessment of
              between 87% and 93% (average 89%) for business unit KPIs for the performance period 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2019 for determining LTI
              awards.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                 31



                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   31
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              5.        Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance (continued)

                  STI Performance                                                                                                         Performance period
                  Assessment
                                                                                                                                       1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019

                  Performance category                Metric                                                                          Weighting       Satisfied

                  Regulatory activities for           Advance further VivaGel® BV registrations in multiple countries, with
                                                                                                                                        15%          Partially Met
                  VivaGel® BV                         priority given to major markets




For personal use only
                  Commercialisation of                Sign a licence for VivaGel® BV for the US; launch VivaGel® BV in at least
                                                                                                                                        26%              Met
                  VivaGel® BV                         two regions; whilst optimising returns
                  Other VivaGel® products             Progress with regulatory and commercialisation activities (including for
                                                                                                                                         5%          Partially Met
                                                      other opportunities e.g. ophthalmology)
                  Clinical stage internal DEP®        Progress with clinical trials for DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and
                  programs                            DEP® irinotecan, including expansion in relation to further indications and       20%          Partially Met
                                                      combination therapies, in parallel with partnering discussions
                  Preclinical DEP®                    Advanced preclinical studies on another DEP® candidate, in preparation
                  candidate(s)                        for clinical trials; and develop the DEP® internal pipeline with further DEP®     10%              Met
                                                      product candidates
                  Partnered-DEP® programs             Progress with existing partnered-DEP® programs and/or expanded
                                                                                                                                       16.5%         Partially Met
                                                      field/products and/or progress with new partnering deals
                  Capital management,                 Manage company’s capital in a prudent manner to create value, increase
                  culture and leadership              recurrent revenues and maintain and develop a highly results oriented             7.5%             Met
                                                      culture with exceptional leadership

                                                                                                                                        100%


              In making this STI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors (other
              commercially sensitive matters were also taken into account):

                       Significant VivaGel® BV regulatory activities, including:
                        -    Starpharma obtained European approval for a second BV indication (for the prevention of recurrent BV) to enable VivaGel® BV to be
                             marketed more broadly in Europe.
                        -    Extensive interactions with the FDA following formal acceptance of the NDA; Support of multiple FDA clinical site inspections, as
                             well as an FDA inspection at Starpharma.
                        -    NDA review resulted in no nonclinical (safety) or chemistry, manufacturing, or quality control issues.
                        -    NDA not approved on first cycle review following FDA’s request for further clinical data for VivaGel® BV, a meeting was held with
                             the FDA, for which substantial additional data analyses were provided to the FDA.
                        -    Successful completion of other regulatory audits to support regulatory approvals/submissions in other jurisdictions.
                        -    Starpharma provided extensive support to its partners with activities to register VivaGel® BV in several regions as quickly as
                             practicable including in Asia, the Middle East and Africa.
                       Licensed VivaGel® BV to ITF Pharma for the US market, up to US$101M in milestones plus ascending double-digit royalties.
                       VivaGel® BV launched in two regions during the year – in Europe and Australia. Starpharma actively supported both partners Aspen
                        Pharmacare (Fleurstat BVgel) and Mundipharma (Betadine® BV) to launch products as rapidly as possible.
                       Extension of product and material supply arrangements to support global commercialisation.
                       Regulatory approval and launch of the VivaGel® condom in Japan, and made regulatory progress in China, Europe and other markets.
                       Positive interim results from the DEP® docetaxel phase 2 trial and DEP® cabazitaxel including encouraging efficacy signals and a
                        notable lack of bone marrow toxicity (e.g. neutropenia) and other common side effects including hair-loss, anaphylaxis and oedema.
                        Additional indications, sites and combinations advanced.
                       DEP® irinotecan trial: CRO appointed, sites selected, regulatory approval achieved and ethics review near final. All necessary trial
                        documents finalised to support trial commencement as soon as possible.
                       Conducted an extensive series of pre-clinical combination studies for DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan, with very
                        positive results – which informs trial design and partnering discussions and further builds the value of DEP®.
                       Developed additional DEP® products, initiated preclinical development, and commenced a DEP® radiopharmaceuticals program.
                       Signed a Development and Option Agreement with AstraZeneca to progress a DEP® version of one of AstraZeneca’s major existing
                        oncology medicines.
                       Progressed DEP® partnered programs including support for the preparation of an IND for AZD0466, prior to commencing clinical trials in
                        CY2019.
                       First partnered DEP® patent granted for Bcl2/xL DEP® candidates including AZD0466 in the US.
                       Progressed with partnered Targeted DEP® programs and pursued other partnered-DEP® programs.
                       Attained a very robust financial position and maintained Starpharma’s stable, highly dedicated and skilled work-force.

              In the assessment of STI KPIs, the Board took account of the significant achievements obtained over the performance period and the effort and
              dedication required to accomplish these milestones. These achievements include the successful launch of VivaGel® BV in Europe and
              Australia and securing a further international licence, for the US, in addition to several DEP® milestones, across both the internal and external
              portfolio including positive interim trial results for internal products, new candidates, a new commercial deal with AstraZeneca and granting of
              valuable new DEP® patents.



              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                         32



               32       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                   LTI Performance Assessment                                                                                           Performance period
                                                                                                                                    1 July 2016 to 30 June 2019


                   Performance category                            Metric                                                           Weighting          Satisfied

                   VivaGel® BV, Drug Delivery &                    Monetisation of the VivaGel®, Drug Delivery and
                   Agrochemicals                                   Agrochemical portfolios represented by the completion of a
                                                                   number of commercial deals and regulatory activity that             40%           Partially Met




For personal use only
                                                                   build shareholder value and generate income.

                   DEP® Platform                                   Development of new product candidates for the DEP®
                                                                   platform technology and/or the licensing of such                    30%           Partially Met
                                                                   candidates.
                   Relative TSR                                    Starpharma’s TSR compared to the performance of the
                                                                                                                                       30%                Met
                                                                   S&P/ASX300 Index over a 3-year period

                                                                                                                                      100%


              In making this LTI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors (other
              commercially sensitive matters not disclosed were also taken into account):

                           VivaGel® BV, Drug Delivery & Agrochemicals:
                            -    Signed a second commercial agreement with AstraZeneca to progress a DEP® version of one of AstraZeneca’s major existing
                                 oncology medicines.
                        -   Achieved launch of VivaGel® BV in Australia and Europe.
                        -   Successfully licensed VivaGel® BV to ITF Pharma, Inc. for the US market for US$101M in milestones plus ascending double-digit
                            royalties.
                            -    Signed licensing deals for VivaGel® BV with Mundipharma, and Aspen, covering: Europe, Russia, CIS, Asia, Middle East,
                                 Africa, Latin America, Australia and New Zealand.
                            -    Signed licensing deals for a VivaGel® condom with Sky & Land Latex Co (China) and Koushan Pharmed (Iran).
                        -   Sold the agrochemicals business to Agrium Inc for $35 million.
                            -    Onset of recurrent revenue from Aspen, Mundipharma and Okamoto.
                            -    Achieved TGA approval for VivaGel® BV in Australian and added a second BV indication to European approval, for the
                                 prevention of recurrent BV.
                            -    VivaGel® condom was approved and launched in Japan and Canada.
                            -    VivaGel® BV NDA prepared, submitted, subsequently accepted for filing.
                            -    Achieved Fast Track Status and Qualified Infectious Disease Product designation granted by the FDA.
                            -    Successfully completed phase 3 trials for VivaGel® BV for the prevention of recurrent BV. These trials enrolled over 1,200
                                 women across more than 100 trial sites.
                            -    Supported the IND preparation and final preclinical work completed for AZD0466 ahead of IND filing (first IND to be filed for a
                                 DEP® product) and trial expected to start in CY2019.
                        -   Installed and commissioned in-house DEP® scale-up facilities which accelerated the development of DEP® products by providing
                            more rapid and cost-effective manufacture of preclinical and clinical grade materials than with third-party manufacturers. This
                            facility has already provided significant savings for internal programs and revenues from manufacture of DEP® candidates for
                            partner programs.
                           DEP® Platform:
                        -   DEP® docetaxel phase 1 trial was successfully completed in FY18, with a phase 2 trial commencing immediately after.
                        -   Two further DEP® drugs have been developed: DEP® cabazitaxel commenced phase 1 / 2 trial in FY18 and DEP® irinotecan
                            commenced a phase 1 / 2 trial in August 2019.
                        -   Partnering discussions underway for several internal DEP® candidates with licences to be pursued at the most appropriate time to
                            maximise commercial value.
                        -   Other preclinical DEP® candidates have been developed and are currently preclinical development.
                        -   Development of DEP® radiopharmaceutical and targeted DEP® candidates currently undergoing preclinical testing.
                           Relative TSR:
                        -   The company’s TSR was tested against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance period ended
                            30 June 2019. The company’s annualised TSR for this period was 22.1% compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index annualised TSR of
                            8.1%, well above the additional 10% per annum required.
                        -   The relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm and more information regarding the relative TSR
                            hurdle is provided on page 27.



              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                         33



                                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   33
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6.         Details of remuneration
              The following tables show details of the remuneration received by the directors and the key management personnel of the group for the current
              and previous financial year. As required by the Accounting Standards, the value of performance rights included in the remuneration tables
              relates to the fair value of the performance rights (which may include performance rights granted in prior years), rather than their face value.
                                                                                                       Post-     Long-term        Share-based
               2019                                                    Short-term benefits       employment        benefits         payments
                                         Cash salary &                         Non-monetary                     Long service      Performance
                                                 fees†       Cash bonus#*           benefits   Superannuation          leave           Rights#            Total




For personal use only
               Name                                  $                  $                  $                $              $                 $                $
               Non-executive directors

               R B Thomas                       118,721                    –              –           11,279              –                   –        130,000

               R A Hazleton                      74,500                    –              –                –              –                   –         74,500

               Z Peach                           68,950                    –              –             6,550             –                   –         75,500

               P R Turvey                        68,950                    –              –             6,550             –                   –         75,500

               Executive director

               J K Fairley                      491,564            202,488           35,081           20,531         13,453            980,260       1,743,377

               Other Key Management Personnel (group)

               N J Baade                        214,738              76,000          36,700           20,531          2,079            201,322         551,370

               A Eglezos                        244,475              80,000           7,529           20,531          2,566            204,064         559,165

               D J Owen                         232,678              70,000          22,073           20,531          2,277            203,047         550,606

               J R Paull                        218,479              80,000          42,633           20,531          7,591            230,888         600,122

               Totals                         1,733,055            508,488          144,016          127,034         27,966          1,819,581       4,360,140

              †
                Increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives were under 5% in the year. Executives may elect to salary sacrifice
              part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary & fees represents gross salary earned less any salary sacrifice amounts. The two
              forms of salary sacrifice in FY19 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car park. These amounts are
              reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary & fees may vary from one year to the next, depending on the elections
              chosen.
              #
                All performance related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component of
              total remuneration.
              * The cash bonus reported relates to amounts assessed to be paid for the performance period 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019. The actual cash
              payment of the bonuses will occur in the following financial year.
                                                                                                Post-        Long-term        Share-based
              2018                                              Short-term benefits      employment            benefits          payments
                                         Cash salary &                         Non-monetary                     Long service      Performance
                                                 fees†       Cash bonus#*           benefits   Superannuation          leave           Rights#            Total
               Name                                  $                  $                  $                $              $                 $                $
               Non-executive directors

               R B Thomas                       118,721                    –              –           11,279              –                   –        130,000

               R A Hazleton                      72,500                    –              –                –              –                   –         72,500

               Z Peach                           67,123                    –              –             6,377             –                   –         73,500

               P R Turvey                        67,123                    –              –             6,377             –                   –         73,500

               Executive director

               J K Fairley                      475,047            206,800           35,097           20,049         13,068            942,756       1,692,817

               Other Key Management Personnel (group)

               N J Baade                        231,488              68,000          12,561           20,049          1,855            197,327         531,280

               A Eglezos                        236,378              72,000           7,529           20,049          7,256            196,361         539,573

               D J Owen                         240,886              68,000           5,712           20,049          2,040            195,801         532,488

               J R Paull                        211,036              74,000          41,569           20,049          7,380            227,804         581,838

               Totals                         1,720,302            488,800          102,468          124,278         31,599          1,760,049       4,227,496




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                 34



               34       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report
              †
                Increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives were under 5% in the year. Executives may elect to salary sacrifice
              part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary & fees represents gross salary earned less any salary sacrifice amounts. The two
              forms of salary sacrifice in FY18 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car park. These amounts are
              reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary & fees may vary from one year to the next, depending on the elections
              chosen.
              #
                All performance related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component of
              total remuneration.

              * The cash bonus reported relates to amounts assessed to be paid for the performance period 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018. The actual cash




For personal use only
              payment of the bonuses will occur in the following financial year.


              The relative proportions of remuneration for 2019 that are linked to performance and those that are fixed are as follows:
                                                                           Fixed            At risk - STI       At risk - STI       At risk - STI       At risk - LTI
                                                                     remuneration                   cash             Equity1               Total             Equity1
               CEO                                       Target                35%                                                           25%                40%
               J K Fairley                               Actual                32%                  12%                   12%                24%                44%
               Other KMP Executives                      Target                50%                                                           20%                30%
               N J Baade                                 Actual                50%                  14%                    7%                21%                29%
               A Eglezos                                 Actual                50%                  14%                    7%                21%                29%
               D J Owen                                  Actual                50%                  13%                    7%                20%                30%
               J R Paull                                 Actual                48%                  13%                    8%                21%                31%
              1
               Where applicable, the expenses include negative amounts for expenses reversed during the year due to a failure to satisfy the vesting
              conditions.

              As depicted in the table above, the actual remuneration mix for the CEO and other KMP executives for FY19 were within 4% of all target ranges.

              Non-statutory Executive Remuneration
              The non-statutory executive remuneration is the remuneration earned by KMP executives in FY19 and is set out below with calculations of
              equity value both at the vesting date and based on the face value at the beginning of the relevant performance period. Starpharma discloses
              non-statutory remuneration voluntarily because it includes the face value of equity that vested in FY19. For LTI equity, the reported value
              reflects the KMP executive performance over three years, the residual four year transitional rights, and the significant impact of an increase in
              the share price of 210% - 350% over the 3 to 4 year period.

              The table differs from the remuneration details prepared above in this section 6 of this report which are prepared in accordance with statutory
              obligations and accounting standards, and presents the expensing of the fair value of performance rights over their vesting period, and may
              include the expensing of rights that may ultimately never vest into ordinary shares.

               2019
               Name                Fixed      STI cash          STI equity   STI equity    LTI equity   LTI equity     Total non-  Total non-          Total
                             remuneration paid in FY19           vested in    vested in     vested in    vested in       statutory   statutory remuneration
                                       (1)          (2)       FY19 based FY19 based FY19 based FY19 based remuneration remuneration                     per
                                                             on face value    on share on face value     on share earned based         earned    Accounting
                                                                       (3)      price at          (3)      price at on face value   based on      Standards
                                                                           vesting date               vesting date of equity (3) share price             (5)
                                                                                     (4)                        (4)                at vesting
                                                                                                                                      date (4)

                                        ($)            ($)             ($)            ($)             ($)           ($)              ($)             ($)                ($)
               J K Fairley         547,176        206,800         140,800       270,200         571,751     1,342,197        1,466,527       2,366,373       1,743,377
               N J Baade           271,969         68,000          39,887        76,545         170,361       407,761           550,217        824,275         551,370
               A Eglezos           272,535         72,000          41,486        79,613         170,680       408,509           556,701        832,658         559,165
               D J Owen            275,282         68,000          39,887        76,545         171,956       411,506           555,125        831,333         550,606
               J R Paull           281,643         74,000          46,425        89,091         211,325       505,492           613,393        950,226         600,122

              1
                Base salary, superannuation and non-monetary benefits such as novated motor vehicle lease, car park and communication allowances.
              2
                STI cash paid during the financial year. The amount disclosed for FY19 reflects the FY18 STI paid in October 2018 following the release of the
                 FY18 results.
              3
                Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the face value of the performance rights based on the 3 month VWAP prior to the
                 start of the relevant performance period (1 July). Vested rights will remain as rights in subsequent periods until exercised. The STI equity was
                 granted in FY18 and the LTI equity was granted in FY15 and/or FY16.
              4
                Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the opening price on the date of vesting. Other than the 4 year rights which
                 automatically converted into shares following vesting, other vested rights will remain as rights in subsequent periods until exercised. The STI
                 equity was granted in FY18 and the LTI equity was granted in FY15 and/or FY16.
              5
                In accordance with statutory obligations and accounting standards in section 6 of this report, which includes expensing of rights over their
                 vesting period, and rights that may ultimately never vest into ordinary shares.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                      35



                                                                                                                          STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019    35
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6.          Details of remuneration (continued)

              Equity awards and share price
              The total non-statutory remuneration based on the vesting date share price is higher than the total remuneration per Accounting Standards and
              the non-statutory remuneration based on face value. The higher amount is primarily driven by the value attached to the equity awards that
              vested in FY19. This reflects the strong share price performance over the relevant periods of up to a 2.5x fold increase in share price compared
              with the face value. The LTI rights (3 and/or 4 years) are predominately driving the higher reported value at the vesting date. Likewise, if the
              share price were to have significantly decreased, the value of these equity awards would have reduced accordingly. The equity award
              component of each executive’s remuneration is a key instrument in the Board’s policy of aligning their remuneration with share price




For personal use only
              performance. Furthermore, as the 2 and 3 year rights did not automatically convert to shares, and no executives exercised rights, these values
              have not yet been realised despite being reported in non-statutory remuneration.



                             SPL.AX


                                                                                                                                1.60


                                                                                                                                1.40


                                                                                                                                1.20


                                                                                                                                1.00


                                                                                                                                0.80


                                                                                                                                0.60


                                                                                                                                0.40

                    Jul 14                    Jul 15               Jul 16     Jul 17               Jul 18                   Jul 19


                                      Face value of equity awards granted   Equity awards vested (based on share price on
                                      (based on 3 month VWAP to 30 June)    vesting date)




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                36



               36       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              Details of remuneration: cash bonuses, shares, and performance rights
              For each cash bonus and grant of equity included in the tables on pages 34 to 39, the percentage of the available bonus or grant that was paid,
              or that vested, in the financial year, and the percentage that was forfeited because the person did not meet the service and performance
              objectives is set out below. Performance rights vest over the specified periods provided vesting criteria are met. No rights will vest if the
              conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value of the rights yet to vest is nil. The maximum value of the rights yet to vest has been
              determined as the amount of the grant date fair value of the rights that is yet to be expensed. The CEO was paid 83.5% of her maximum cash
              bonus entitlement of $242,500 in FY19, with the balance of 16.5% forfeited. The STI cash bonuses for other KMP executives are paid at the
              absolute discretion of the Board based on an individual’s performance within the year, hence there is no component forfeited to report.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                            Performance rights

                                                  Grant date              Year         Vested        Forfeited                 Financial                Maximum
                                          fair value of rights         granted                                            years in which          fair value yet to
                                              granted during                                                                 rights may                       vest
                                                      20191,2                                                                       vest
                   Name                                     $                               %               %                                                     $
                   J K Fairley                      939,792              2019                -               -               30/06/2022                   512,934
                                                                         2019                -               -               30/06/2020                    99,548
                                                                         2018                -               -               30/06/2021                   435,576
                                                                         2018             88%             12%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2017                -               -               30/06/2020                    46,509
                                                                         2016             94%              6%                30/06/2019                         -
                   N J Baade                        233,871              2019                -               -               30/06/2022                   128,238
                                                                         2019                -               -               30/06/2020                    24,345
                                                                         2018                -               -               30/06/2021                    72,729
                                                                         2018             87%             13%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2017                -               -               30/06/2020                    11,970
                                                                         2016             90%             10%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2015            100%              0%                30/06/2019                         -
                   A Eglezos                        233,871              2019                -               -               30/06/2022                   128,238
                                                                         2019                -               -               30/06/2020                    24,345
                                                                         2018                -               -               30/06/2021                    72,729
                                                                         2018             91%              9%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2017                -               -               30/06/2020                    11,970
                                                                         2016             90%             10%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2015            100%              0%                30/06/2019                         -
                   D J Owen                         233,871              2019                -               -               30/06/2022                   128,238
                                                                         2019                -               -               30/06/2020                    24,345
                                                                         2018                -               -               30/06/2021                    72,729
                                                                         2018             87%             13%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2017                -               -               30/06/2020                    11,970
                                                                         2016             91%              9%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2015            100%              0%                30/06/2019                         -
                   J R Paull                        255,683              2019                -               -               30/06/2022                   140,198
                                                                         2019                -               -               30/06/2020                    26,616
                                                                         2018                -               -               30/06/2021                    79,547
                                                                         2018             93%              7%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2017                -               -               30/06/2020                    13,059
                                                                         2016             94%              6%                30/06/2019                         -
                                                                         2015            100%              0%                30/06/2019                         -
              1
                  The value at grant date calculated in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payments of performance rights granted during the year as part of
                  remuneration.
              2
                  The maximum value of performance rights is determined at grant date and is amortised over the applicable vesting period. The amount which
                  will be included in a given KMP executive’s remuneration for a given year is consistent with this amortised amount. No performance rights will
                  vest if the conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value yet to vest is nil.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    37



                                                                                                                        STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   37
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               7.         Executive employment agreements
               Remuneration and other terms of employment for executives are formalised in employment agreements which set out duties, rights and
               responsibilities, and entitlements on termination. All executives also have a formal position description for their role.

               Major provisions of the agreements relating to remuneration are set out below for those KMP executives who are employed at the date of this
               report.

               CEO and Managing Director (J K Fairley)




For personal use only
                       No fixed term of agreement.
                       Base salary, inclusive of superannuation, per annum as at 30 June 2019 of $544,000, to be reviewed annually by the Remuneration and
                        Nomination Committee.
                       A cash bonus up to $242,500 for the year to 30 June 2019 allocated proportionately on the achievement of predetermined KPIs.
                       The CEO is entitled to participate in a STI and LTI equity plan, subject to receiving any required or appropriate shareholder approval.
                       Fringe benefits consist of on-site car parking.


               The CEO’s termination provisions are as follows:


                                                          Notice Period    Payment in lieu     Treatment of equity STI             Treatment of LTI
                                                                           of notice

                    Resignation                           12 months        N/A                 Unvested awards forfeited           Unvested awards forfeited
                    Termination for cause                 None             None                Unvested awards (including an       Unvested awards (including an
                                                                                               exercisable, vested right)          exercisable, vested right)
                                                                                               forfeited                           forfeited
                    Termination without cause,            12 months        6 months            Unvested awards lapse unless        Unvested awards lapse unless
                    including redundancy                                   payment in lieu     the Board determines otherwise      the Board determines
                                                                           of notice with 6    after considering the portion of    otherwise after considering the
                                                                           month notice        the performance period that has     portion of the performance
                                                                           period              elapsed and the extent to which     period that has elapsed and
                                                                                               performance conditions have         the extent to which
                                                                                               been met. Vesting of the rights     performance conditions have
                                                                                               may be accelerated in this case.    been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                                                                   may be accelerated in this
                                                                                                                                   case.
                    Termination in cases of death,        N/A              N/A                 Unvested awards lapse, unless       Unvested awards lapse,
                    disablement or other cause                                                 the Board determines otherwise      unless the Board determines
                    approved by the Board                                                      after considering the portion of    otherwise after considering the
                                                                                               the performance period that has     portion of the performance
                                                                                               elapsed and the extent to which     period that has elapsed and
                                                                                               performance conditions have         the extent to which
                                                                                               been met. Vesting of the rights     performance conditions have
                                                                                               may be accelerated in this case.    been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                                                                   may be accelerated in this
                                                                                                                                   case.


               Other KMP executives

               Standard executive termination provisions are as follows:

                                                          Notice Period    Payment in lieu     Treatment of equity STI             Treatment of LTI
                                                                           of notice

                    Resignation                           3 months         N/A                 Same as for CEO                     Same as for CEO
                    Termination for cause                 None             None                Same as for CEO                     Same as for CEO
                    Termination without cause,            Typically 3      3 months            Same as for CEO                     Same as for CEO
                    including redundancy                  months           (3-6 months)
                                                          (range 3-6
                                                          months)
                    Termination in cases of death,        N/A              N/A                 Same as for CEO                     Same as for CEO
                    disablement, or other cause
                    approved by the Board




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                     38



               38       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              8.        Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes

              Ordinary shares
              The number of ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the directors or the key
              management personnel of the group, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below. The table may also
              reflect changes to shareholdings which are unrelated to remuneration.

              2019                                                         Granted during             On exercise of
                                                   Balance at the             the year as         performance rights           Other changes             Balance at the




For personal use only
              Name                                start of the year         compensation              during the year         during the year*           end of the year
              Directors of Starpharma Holdings Limited
              R B Thomas                                  775,000                         –                           –                 50,000                 825,000
              J K Fairley                               3,875,434                         –                           –                 30,000               3,905,434
              R A Hazleton                                208,466                         –                           –                       –                208,466
              Z Peach                                      48,975                         –                           –                       –                  48,975
              P R Turvey                                  149,821                         –                           –                 30,000                 179,821
              Other key management personnel of the group
              N J Baade                                   525,291                         –                      75,000                       -                600,291
              A Eglezos                                   260,003                         –                      75,000                 (4,000)                331,003
              D J Owen                                    562,482                         –                      75,000                       -                637,482
              J R Paull                                   270,106                         –                      90,000                (69,000)                291,106
              * Other changes relate to market transactions

              Performance rights
              The number of rights over ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the executive directors
              and the KMP of the group, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below. No non-executive director held
              performance rights in FY19 or the prior year.

               2019
                                                                                                                                          Vested and
               Name             Balance at the       Granted during                                                                     exercisable at
                                   start of the         the year as          Exercised         Other changes         Balance at the     the end of the
                                          year        compensation      during the year       during the year#       end of the year             year     Total Unvested
               Directors of Starpharma Holdings Limited
               J K Fairley           3,244,672              674,901                   -              (84,486)             3,835,087        1,387,329           2,447,758
               Other key management personnel of the group
               N J Baade               904,563              193,000            (75,000)              (29,071)              993,492           324,492             669,000
               A Eglezos               903,023              193,000            (75,000)              (26,365)              994,658           325,658             669,000
               D J Owen                906,313              193,000            (75,000)              (26,738)              997,575           328,575             669,000
               J R Paull             1,026,500              211,000            (90,000)              (20,022)             1,127,478          396,478             731,000
              #
                  Other changes during the year relate to the forfeiture of rights.

              The market value at vesting date of performance rights that vested into shares during 2019 was $3,667,459 (2018: $1,572,212). No other
              shares were issued on the vesting of performance rights provided as remuneration to any of the directors or the KMP of the group in the current
              year.

              The market value is calculated using the opening share price on the respective vesting/exercise date or forfeit date.

              Dilutionary impact of performance rights on issue
              As at 30 June 2019 there were 13,183,915 performance rights on issue, of which 7,948,290 were held by KMP. These rights represent 3.5%
              and 2.1%, respectively, of shares on issue (based on the 371,694,437 shares at 30 June 2019).




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                               39



                                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   39
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              8.         Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes (continued)

              The terms and conditions of the grant of performance rights to the directors or the key management personnel of the group in the current year or
              which impact future years are as follows:

                                                                                   Number Performance          measure
                                                                                   of rights                                Fair value per right
                                 Grant date                 Vesting date           granted                                        at grant date    % vested




For personal use only
                           30 January 2015          30 September 2018              331,500          Achievement of KPIs                   $0.46          81

                           30 January 2015          30 September 2018               58,500                          TSR                   $0.27          81

                        11 November 2015            30 September 2018              714,000          Achievement of KPIs                   $0.72          89

                        11 November 2015            30 September 2018              126,000                          TSR                   $0.50         100

                        19 November 2015            30 September 2018              537,516          Achievement of KPIs                   $0.76          89

                        19 November 2015            30 September 2018              356,335                          TSR                   $0.54         100

                           13 October 2016          30 September 2019              765,000          Achievement of KPIs                   $0.68          Nil

                           13 October 2016          30 September 2019              135,000                          TSR                  $0.43           Nil

                        29 November 2016            30 September 2019              613,885          Achievement of KPIs                   $0.68          Nil

                        29 November 2016            30 September 2019              263,093                          TSR                  $0.41           Nil

                            10 August 2017                 30 June 2019            262,000          Achievement of KPIs                  $0.77           90

                            10 August 2017          30 September 2020              890,800          Achievement of KPIs                   $0.77          Nil

                            10 August 2017          30 September 2020              157,200                          TSR                  $0.54           Nil

                        29 November 2017                   30 June 2019            224,121          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.29          88

                        29 November 2017            30 September 2020              535,816          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.29          Nil

                        29 November 2017            30 September 2020              360,063                          TSR                  $1.23           Nil

                            16 August 2018                 30 June 2020            158,000          Achievement of KPIs                  $1.26           Nil

                            16 August 2018          30 September 2021              537,200          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.26          Nil

                            16 August 2018          30 September 2021               94,800                          TSR                  $0.85           Nil

                        29 November 2018                   30 June 2020            134,980          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.48          Nil

                        29 November 2018            30 September 2021              377,945          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.48          Nil

                        29 November 2018            30 September 2021              161,976                          TSR                  $1.13           Nil


              Information of the performance measures:

                    Achievement of KPIs:              The achievement of certain key business performance indicators linked to matters which the Board believes
                                                      are key drivers of shareholder value.
                    Relative TSR (TSR):               As set out on page 27 of the remuneration report.

                                                                            - end of remuneration report -




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                   40




               40       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Directors’ Report

              Shares under rights                                                      Insurance of officers
              Unissued ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited under            During the financial year, Starpharma Holdings Limited paid a
              the Employee Performance Rights Plan at the date of this report          premium to insure the directors and executive officers of the
              are as follows:                                                          company and related bodies corporate, against certain liabilities
                                                                                       and expenses.
                                                                         Balance of
                                                          Number of           rights   In accordance with normal commercial practice, the disclosure of
                                                              rights      at date of   the amount of premium payable, and the nature of the liabilities
               Grant date            Vesting date           granted           report   and expenses covered by the policy, is prohibited by a
                                                                                       confidentiality clause in the contract.




For personal use only
               11 Nov 2015           30 Sep 2018          2,076,800      1,342,559

               11 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017              519,200     299,325     Audit & non-audit services
               19 Nov 2015           30 Sep 2018               893,851     836,260     The company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments
                                                                                       additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s
               19 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017              219,395     181,001     expertise and experience with the company and/or the group are
               13 Oct 2016            30 Jun 2018              594,450     351,084     important. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor
                                                                                       (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit services provided during the
               13 Oct 2016           30 Sep 2019          2,377,800      1,971,400     year is set out below. There were no non-audit services provided
                                                                                       by the auditor during the financial year.
               29 Nov 2016            30 Jun 2018              223,022     172,842
                                                                                       During the year the following fees were paid or payable for
               29 Nov 2016           30 Sep 2019               876,978     876,978     services provided by the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) of the
                                                                                       company, its related practices and non-related audit firms.
               10 Aug 2017            30 Jun 2019              694,120     591,750

               10 Aug 2017           30 Sep 2020          2,776,480      2,523,680                                                       2019          2018
                                                                                       Assurance Services                                   $             $
               29 Nov 2017            30 Jun 2019              224,121     197,226     Audit or review of financial reports of the
                                                                                       entity or any entity in the group under the    137,537       118,616
               29 Nov 2017           30 Sep 2020               895,879     895,879     Corporations Act 2001
               16 Aug 2018            30 Jun 2020              203,500     203,500
                                                                                       No other assurance services, taxation or advisory services have
               16 Aug 2018           30 Sep 2021               814,000     814,000     been provided by the auditor in either the current or prior year.

               2 Nov 2018             30 Jun 2020              259,147     233,227
                                                                                       Auditor’s Independence Declaration
               2 Nov 2018            30 Sep 2021          1,036,587        932,907
                                                                                       A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required
               29 Nov 2018            30 Jun 2020              134,980     134,980     under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
                                                                                       page 42.
               29 Nov 2018           30 Sep 2021               539,921     539,921

              Performance rights and the resultant shares are granted for nil          Rounding of amounts
              consideration.
                                                                                       The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
                                                                                       (Rounding Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
              Shares issued on the vesting or exercise of rights                       issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission,
                                                                                       relating to the “rounding off’’ of amounts in the directors’ report.
              The following ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited             Amounts in the directors’ report have been rounded off in
              were issued during the year to the date of this report on the vesting    accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or
              or exercise (as applicable) of performance rights granted under the      in certain cases, the nearest dollar.
              Employee Performance Rights Plan. The shares are issued for nil
              consideration.
                                                                                       Auditor
                                      Issue price of shares
                                         (Exercise price of       Number of shares     PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with
                  Date rights granted                 right)                issued     section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        30 Jan 2015                      $-                706,356     This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the
                                                                                       Directors.
                        11 Nov 2015                      $-                332,111

                        13 Oct 2016                      $-                 98,559

                        10 Aug 2017                      $-                   4,200

                                                                                       Rob Thomas AO
                                                                                       Chairman
                                                                                       Melbourne, 28 August 2019




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                               41




                                                                                                                         STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   41
               Auditor’s Independence Declaration




For personal use only
                                Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                                As lead auditor for the audit of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June 2019, I
                                declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                                (a)     no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                        relation to the audit; and
                                (b)     no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                                This declaration is in respect of Starpharma Holdings Limited and the entity it controlled during the
                                period.




                                Jon Roberts                                                                                   Melbourne
                                Partner                                                                                   28 August 2019
                                PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                                T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

                                Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                              42



               42       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the company”) and the Board are           which the Board considers to comply with the 3rd Edition CGC
              committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards          Recommendations. All of these practices, unless otherwise stated,
              of corporate governance. The Board guides and monitors the              were in place for the entire financial year 2019. The ASX has also
              company’s activities on behalf of the shareholders. In developing       published a 4th edition of the Corporate Governance Principles and
              policies and setting standards, the Board considers the Australian      Recommendations (“4th Edition CGC Recommendations”) for
              Securities Exchange (“ASX”) Corporate Governance Principles             reporting on in the FY21 Annual Report. Notwithstanding this,
              and Recommendations (3rd Edition) (“the 3rd Edition CGC                 Starpharma already complies with a number of these 4th Edition
              Recommendations”).                                                      CGC Recommendations, as detailed below. This Corporate
                                                                                      Governance Statement is available on the company’s website. The
              The Corporate Governance Statement set out below describes the          company and its controlled entities together are referred to as the




For personal use only
              company’s current corporate governance principles and practices         group in this statement.

              Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for management and oversight
              Relationship between the Board and management
              The relationship between the Board and senior management is             The Board, on its initiative and on an exceptional basis, may
              critical to the group’s long-term success. The directors are            exercise discretion to extend this maximum term where it
              responsible to the shareholders for the performance of the group in     considers that such an extension would benefit the company.
              both the short and the longer term and seek to balance sometimes        Starpharma’s policy on non-executive director tenure is consistent
              competing objectives in the best interests of the group as a whole.     with ASX guidance which acknowledges that shareholders are
              Their focus is to enhance the interests of shareholders and other       likely to be served well by a mix of directors, including some with a
              key stakeholders and to ensure the group is properly managed.           longer tenure who have accumulated experience and developed a
                                                                                      ‘corporate memory’ over a substantial period. Starpharma is more
              1.1 Responsibilities of the Board
                                                                                      concerned with the average tenure of independent directors on the
              The responsibilities of the Board include oversight, accountability
                                                                                      Board, which is around eight years, as a meaningful metric for
              and approval in relation to certain:
                                                                                      evaluating Board refreshment and director succession.
              -    Strategic issues;
              -    Shareholding items;
              -    Financial items;                                                      Director                  Date first elected by shareholders
              -    Expenditure items;                                                    R B Thomas                         November 2014
              -    Audit related items; and
              -    Board and senior management, delegation and succession.               R A Hazleton                       November 2007*
                                                                                         Z Peach                            November 2011
              Other Board responsibilities include:                                      P R Turvey                         November 2012
              -   enhancing and protecting the reputation and culture of the
                  group;                                                                 J K Fairley               N/A appointed by the Board in 2006
              -   overseeing the operation of the group, including its systems
                  for control, accountability, and risk management;                   * Mr Hazleton was appointed in 2006 prior to being elected by
              -   monitoring financial performance;                                   shareholders the following year. The Board has considered the
              -   liaising with the company’s auditors;                               tenure of Mr Hazleton as part of its independence assessment of
              -   ensuring there are effective management processes in place          all directors. Despite the length of time served on the Board, Mr
                  and approving major corporate initiatives; and                      Hazleton has been assessed as ‘independent’. In determining this,
              -   reporting to shareholders.                                          the Board took into consideration his physical location in the U.S.,
                                                                                      whereby there is no suggestion that he is involved in the day-to-
              Further details regarding the responsibilities of the Board are         day operations or activities of the senior management team of
              detailed in the Board charter. The Board’s conduct is governed by       Starpharma. Particularly for biotech companies which have long
              the company’s constitution. Both documents are available at             development timelines, it can advantageous to have directors
              www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                                 serve for longer periods to ensure corporate memory is retained.

              1.2 Director appointment and election                                   No new directors were appointed to the Board during FY19.
              Before appointing a director or putting forward a candidate to
              shareholders for election, the Remuneration and Nomination              1.3 Written agreements with Directors and Senior Executives
              Committee will undertake appropriate background checks. The             New directors receive a letter of appointment, which outlines the
              Remuneration and Nomination Committee will also provide all             company’s expectations of the director in relation to their
              material information which is relevant to whether or not a person       participation, time commitments and compliance with policies and
              should be elected or re-elected as a director to the Board for          regulatory requirements.
              provision to shareholders (including in relation to independence
              and a recommendation regarding support or otherwise to the              Senior executives and all employees are required to sign
              candidate’s appointment or election).                                   employment agreements which set out the key terms of their
                                                                                      employment. All roles have formal position descriptions.
              The commitments of non-executive directors are routinely
              reviewed by the Board in addition to being considered by the            1.4 Responsibilities of the Company Secretary
              Remuneration and Nomination Committee prior to their                    The Company Secretary supports the effective functioning of the
              appointment to the Board and are reviewed at least annually. Prior      Board and its committees. The Company Secretary is accountable
              to appointment or being submitted for re-election, each non-            directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters related to
              executive director is required to specifically acknowledge that they    the proper functioning of the Board. The specific responsibilities of
              have and will continue to have the time available to discharge their    the Company Secretary are detailed in the Board charter, which is
              responsibilities to the company.                                        available at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance

              The company’s constitution specifies that all non-executive             1.5 Diversity objectives and achievement
              directors must retire from office no later than three years or the      The company is committed to workplace diversity, and the Board
              third annual general meeting (AGM) following their last election        values the level of diversity already present within the organisation,
              (whichever is longer), and that an election of directors must take      believing that continuing to promote diversity is in the best
              place each year. Any director, excluding the Managing Director          interests of the company, its employees and its shareholders.
              (CEO) who has been appointed during the year must stand for             The Board last revised its Diversity Policy in April 2019, which
              election at the next AGM.                                               operates alongside the Code of Conduct (including Anti-
                                                                                      Discrimination, Bullying and Harassment) policy, providing a
              In relation to director tenure, the Board charter provides that it is   framework for Starpharma to achieve a number of diversity
              anticipated that non-executive directors would generally hold office    objectives. The Diversity Policy is available at
              for up to ten years, and shall serve a maximum of fifteen years         www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              from date of first election by shareholders.


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                              43



                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   43
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Independent of external corporate governance initiatives, the                        possible pool of available talent. In accordance with the Diversity
              company has embraced a culture of inclusion and equal                                Policy, the Board has established measurable objectives for
              opportunity across diversity areas recognised as potentially                         achieving gender diversity and has conducted an assessment of
              impacting upon equality in the workplace, with a focus on gender                     the objectives and progress in achieving them.
              but without limiting other aspects of diversity.
                                                                                                   Objectives set by the Board for the 2019 financial year, and
              The company recognises the corporate benefits of diversity of its                    progress against these objectives is set out below:
              workforce and the Board, and realises the importance of being
              able to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest




For personal use only
                    Objective                                 Measurement                                     FY19 Performance

                    Female participation/talent               Achieve greater than 40% female                 48% of CEO minus 2 positions are held by females.
                    pipeline                                  participation for direct reports to the CEO
                                                              or senior executives (CEO minus 2).

                                                              Actively support and encourage training,        Professional development opportunities and options
                                                              networking and development opportunities        that are aligned with the company’s needs and the
                                                              for high potential employees.                   individual’s role are considered for all employees as
                                                                                                              part of the company’s annual performance review
                                                                                                              process and as needed during the year. Investments
                                                                                                              in formal/external development programs are made
                                                                                                              where appropriate and in FY19, 50 professional
                                                                                                              development programs including conferences were
                                                                                                              attended by female employees across all levels of the
                                                                                                              organisation.
                                                                                                              The company also continued to support participation of
                                                                                                              all female staff in a biotech industry networking
                                                                                                              initiative, which included presentations by industry role
                                                                                                              models.

                    Equal opportunity employer                Inclusion of female candidates in               Female candidates participated in every recruitment
                                                              recruitment process for each role with          process throughout FY19. 60% of the positions
                                                              female applicants, including for Board          advertised and filled externally were filled with female
                                                              appointments.                                   candidates.

                                                              Consistent and merit-based selection            100% of successful candidates were selected on
                                                              criteria and recruitment processes used         merit-based criteria after taking part in Starpharma’s
                                                              when choosing successful candidates in          selection process.
                                                              all cases.

                    Pay parity                                Ensure no significant pay difference for        Analysis was completed of pre- and post-remuneration
                                                              individuals in similar roles, based on          review “remuneration differentials to benchmarks” by
                                                              gender.                                         gender, and confirmed there were no significant
                                                                                                              gender differences in remuneration relative to role
                                                                                                              benchmarks.

                    Flexible working arrangements             Employees working under flexible working        18% of employees work under flexible working
                                                              arrangements (including part time).             arrangements.

                                                              Granting a majority of requests for flexible    Mutually satisfactory flexible work arrangements were
                                                              work arrangements for family                    reviewed and agreed between the requesting
                                                              responsibilities.                               employee and the company in 100% of cases during
                                                                                                              FY19.

                    Support a return to work after            Target a return to work following primary       No employees were due to return from primary care
                    parental leave                            care parental leave of 75%.                     parental leave during FY19.



              Just over half of Starpharma’s employees are female, maintaining                     Starpharma is also proud of the ethnic diversity of our employee
              a similar gender representation to that of previous years. As                        population, with 43% of all employees born outside Australia in 15
              captured in Starpharma’s diversity objectives (above), the                           different countries.
              company strives to put in place measures, such as flexible working
              arrangements, specifically to encourage participation by all. The                          % Female                            2019              2018
              table opposite sets out the proportion of female employees in the
              whole organisation, in leadership/management roles, in senior                          Whole organisation (staff and      50% (24/48)        54% (26/48)
              executive positions and on the Board as at July 2019.                                  Board)

              Starpharma continues to have a high level of both gender and
                                                                                                     Leadership/management roles        60% (12/20)        50% (10/20)
              general diversity, however given the relatively small number of
              total employees, a change of one or few employees may have a
              significant impact on the company’s performance in respect of the                      Senior executive (CEO &            43% (3/7)          43% (3/7)
              measurable diversity objectives.                                                       direct reports)

                                                                                                     Board                              40% (2/5)          40% (2/5)




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                             44



               44       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Corporate Governance Statement

              1.6 Board, committee and director performance                            timing of executives occur throughout July/August in respect of the
              The performance of the Board and its committees are reviewed             prior financial year. The process for these assessments is
              each year by the Chairman based on the completion of a formal            described in the remuneration report under the heading
              feedback questionnaire by each director. The summarised results          “Remuneration governance” on page 20 of this report.
              are then reported back to the Board. This performance evaluation
              took place in FY19.                                                      As part of the Board discussion on executive performance,
                                                                                       directors give consideration to succession planning to ensure
              1.7 CEO and senior executive performance                                 continuity and a smooth leadership transition in the event of senior
              Performance assessments for senior executives take place                 executive movements. Separate succession planning discussions
              annually and took place during the year. Performance review              are held as appropriate during the year.




For personal use only
              Principle 2: Structure the Board to add value
              2.1 Board committees                                                     2.1.2 Audit and Risk Committee
              The Board has established two committees to assist in the                The Audit and Risk Committee is comprised of three independent
              execution of its duties and to allow detailed consideration of           non-executive directors. At the date of this report the committee
              complex issues. The appropriateness of the committee structure           consisted of the following:
              and membership is reviewed on an annual basis. Board
              committees are chaired by an independent director other than the                   Mr P Turvey (Chairman)
              Chairman of the Board. Where applicable, matters determined by                     Mr R Thomas
              committees are submitted to the full Board as recommendations                      Mr R Hazleton
              for Board decisions.
                                                                                       Details of these directors’ qualifications and attendance at
              The committees established by the Board are:                             committee meetings are set out in the directors’ report on pages
              -    Remuneration and Nomination Committee; and                          13 to 18.
              -    Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                                                       Each member of the Audit and Risk Committee is financially
              Each committee’s charter sets out its role, responsibilities,            literate, and jointly possess a number of relevant finance
              composition and structure. The committee charters are reviewed           qualifications and experience. As a collective, the members of the
              annually and were last reviewed in April 2019. Committee charters        Audit and Risk Committee between them have substantial
              are available at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                 financial, accounting and risk management related/technical
                                                                                       expertise, as well as a sufficient understanding of the
              Both committees report regularly to the Board and minutes of             biotechnology industry, to be able to discharge the committee’s
              committee meetings are provided to the Board.                            mandate effectively. Members have held relevant senior positions
                                                                                       in finance and risk management in large, complex international
              2.1.1 Remuneration and Nomination Committee                              companies and are or have been members of other ASX-listed
              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee is composed of                 company audit committees. Such positions include financial
              three independent non-executive directors. At the date of this           controller, director of finance, chief accounting officer, head of risk
              report the committee consisted of the following:                         management and Chairman of Corporate Risk Management
                                                                                       Committee, and broker/analyst roles. Mr Thomas is also approved
                             Ms Z Peach (Chairman)                                     under the NSW prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk
                             Mr R Thomas                                               Committee Independent Chairs and Members for
                             Mr R Hazleton                                             government/public sector agencies.

                                                                                       The Board continually reviews committee membership to ensure
              Details of these directors’ qualifications and attendance at
                                                                                       the appropriate qualifications, skills and experience. Given the
              committee meetings are set out in the directors’ report on pages
                                                                                       nature of Starpharma’s activities and its relatively straight-forward
              13 to 18.
                                                                                       financials, the current composition of members is considered to be
                                                                                       more than adequate. In future years, as the company’s operations
              The charter of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee deals
                                                                                       develop, the committee’s composition will be regularly assessed
              with items, to the extent delegated by the Board, related to
                                                                                       by the Board as outlined in Section 2.2.
              reviewing and making recommendations to the Board in respect of
              the following:
                                                                                       The committee meets at least twice a year, and has direct access
                                                                                       to the company’s auditor.
              -         Board and director candidate identification, appointments,
                        elections, composition, independence, tenure and               The charter of the Audit and Risk Committee deals with items, to
                        succession;                                                    the extent delegated by the Board, related to reviewing and
              -         Remuneration and incentive policies and practices generally;   making recommendations to the Board in respect of the following:
              -         Remuneration packages and other terms of employment for
                        executive directors, other senior executives and non-          -    Annual report, half-year financial report and financial
                        executive directors;                                                forecasts or guidance given to the market;
              -         The succession of the CEO and other senior executives;         -    Systems of risk management and internal controls;
              -         Diversity related items;                                       -    All aspects related to the external auditor;
              -         Board skills matrix;                                           -    Related party transactions; and
              -         Background checks for director candidates; and                 -    Insurance.
              -         Provision and oversight of induction and training and
                                                                                       The Audit and Risk Committee charter is available at
                        development opportunities for directors.
                                                                                       www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee charter is available           2.2 Board skills
              at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                               Part of the role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is
                                                                                       to assist the Board to review Board composition and succession
                                                                                       planning. Both the Board and the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                                                       Committee work to ensure that the Board continues to have the
                                                                                       right balance and mix of diversity (including gender), skills,
                                                                                       experience, background and independence necessary to
                                                                                       discharge its responsibilities.


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                45



                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   45
              Corporate Governance Statement

              The current composition of Starpharma’s Board includes directors        – the size of the Board is appropriate for the company and
              with core industry experience, as well as senior finance and risk         conducive to effective discussion and efficient decision-making.
              management experience, essential for the Audit and Risk
              Committee.                                                              The Board reviews the commitments of each non-executive
                                                                                      director, such as other directorships, to consider each director’s
              A skills and experience matrix is used to review the combined           capacity to dedicate sufficient time to the company.
              capabilities of the Board. A mix of general and specialty skills and
              experience areas critical to the success of the company are             Starpharma’s CEO also sits on the board of listed small-cap
              selected for directors to assess themselves against. These areas        investment company Mirrabooka as a non-executive director. This
              are updated as required to reflect the company’s evolution. In          external post exposes both Dr Fairley and Starpharma to insights




For personal use only
              FY19 the Board reviewed and updated the skills and experience           from institutional investors and further extends the company’s
              included in the Board skills matrix to reflect the change and           network and provides her with a different vantage point. Dr Fairley
              advancement of the company in its lifecycle, as well as input from      remains fully committed to her CEO role at Starpharma and the
              proxy advisers. Each area is closely linked to the company’s core       Board has carefully considered the time commitment to ensure her
              objectives and strategy.                                                leadership of Starpharma is not impacted.

              The directors rated the depth of their skill and experience in each     2.4 Directors’ independence
              of the following areas:                                                 The Board charter contains guidelines for assessing the materiality
                                                                                      of directors’ relationships that may affect their independence.
                        1.    Leadership in Healthcare and/or Scientific Research;    These guidelines are aligned with the 3rd Edition CGC
                        2.    Pharmaceutical/Product Development;                     Recommendations. The Board charter is available at
                        3.    International experience;                               www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
                        4.    Regulation/Public Policy;
                        5.    Licensing and commercialisation of innovation;          The Board reviews the independence of directors before they are
                        6.    Science and Technology                                  appointed, on an annual basis and at any other time where the
                        7.    Sales, Marketing and Business Development;              circumstances of a director change such as to require
                        8.    Governance;                                             reassessment. The Board has determined that all non-executive
                        9.    Strategy & Risk Management;                             directors are independent at the date of this report. Refer to
                        10.   Accounting/Corporate Finance;                           Section 1.2 for additional information on the independence of Mr
                        11.   Health, Safety & Environment;                           Hazleton.
                        12.   Remuneration;
                        13.   M&A/Capital Markets; and                                The CEO is not considered independent by virtue of being an
                        14.   Audit and Risk.                                         executive director and a member of management.

              The results of the matrix show that there are three or more             2.5 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
              directors with intermediate to deep skills and experience in each of    The current Chairman, Mr Rob Thomas, is an independent non-
              the fourteen areas above.                                               executive director appointed in 2013 and Chairman in June 2014.
                                                                                      The CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley, was appointed as a director and CEO
              The breadth and depth of the desired skills and experience              on 1 July 2006. The Chairman is responsible for leading the Board,
              represented by the directors is notable considering the size of the     ensuring directors are properly briefed in all matters relevant to
              Board, and no existing or projected competency gaps have been           their role and responsibilities, facilitating Board discussions and
              identified. This process provides an important input to succession      managing the Board’s relationship with the company’s senior
              planning for the Board.                                                 executives. The Board has established the functions delegated to
                                                                                      the CEO. The CEO is responsible for implementing company
              Having regards to the current and future activities of the company,     strategies and policies, and for the day to day business operations
              the Board considers that collectively it has the appropriate skills     of the group in accordance with the strategic objectives of the
              and experience in each area.                                            group as approved by the Board from time to time.

              There are further disclosures in Section 2.1.2 and the directors’       In accordance with current practice, the Board’s policy is for the
              biographies on pages 13 to 15 which outline the extensive               roles of Chairman and CEO to be undertaken by separate people.
              financial, accounting and risk skills and experience of the members
              of the Audit and Risk Committee, which are considered                   2.6 Director induction and professional development
              appropriate for the company’s circumstances.                            The Remuneration and Nomination Committee oversees, reviews
                                                                                      and make recommendations to the Board in relation to the
              2.3 Board members                                                       induction, training and development of non-executive directors, to
              Details of the members of the Board, their experience,                  ensure they have access to appropriate learning and development
              qualifications, term of office and independence status are set out in   opportunities to develop and maintain the skills and knowledge
              the directors’ report under the heading “Information on Directors”.     required to effectively perform in their role as a director.
              There are four non-executive directors, all of whom are deemed
              independent under the principles set out below, and one executive       The Board receives regular updates at Board meetings and Board
              director, at the date of signing the directors’ report. The Board       workshops which assist directors in keeping up to date with
              seeks to ensure that:                                                   relevant market and industry developments.
              – at any point in time, its membership represents an appropriate
                balance between directors with experience and knowledge of the
                group and directors with an external or fresh perspective; and

              Principle 3: Act ethically and responsibly
              3.1 Code of conduct
              The directors are committed to the principles underpinning best         of their induction and behaviour is continually monitored to ensure
              practice in corporate governance, with a commitment to the              compliance.
              highest standards of legislative compliance and financial and
              ethical behaviour. The company has established a code of conduct        The code of conduct is reviewed periodically and was last updated
              reflecting the core values of the company and setting out the           in April 2019. The code of conduct covers employment practices,
              standards of ethical behaviour expected of directors, officers and      equal opportunity, harassment and bullying, conflicts of interest,
              employees in all dealings and relationships including with              use of company assets, disclosure of confidential information and
              shareholders, contractors, customers and suppliers, and with the        whistleblowing. The code of conduct is available at
              company. The code of conduct is provided to new starters as part        www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                               46



               46       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Principle 4: Safeguard integrity in financial reporting
              4.1 Audit and Risk Committee
              The company has established an Audit and Risk Committee                4.3 External auditors
              consisting of three independent non-executive directors. Details       The company’s policy is to appoint external auditor who clearly
              regarding composition, meetings and charter are set out in section     demonstrates quality and independence. The performance of the
              2.1 and 2.1.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement.                  external auditor is reviewed annually. The current auditor,
                                                                                     PricewaterhouseCoopers, has been the external auditor of the
              4.2 CEO and CFO Declarations for financial statements                  company since it commenced operations. It is
              Before the Board approves the company’s financial statements for       PricewaterhouseCoopers’ policy to rotate audit engagement




For personal use only
              the half year or full year, the CEO and CFO are required to provide    partners on listed companies at least every five years, and the
              a declaration that, in their opinion, the financial records of the     current audit engagement partner assumed responsibility for the
              entity have been properly maintained and that the financial            conduct of the audit in FY15, resulting in a new audit engagement
              statements comply with the appropriate accounting standards and        partner for FY20. An analysis of fees paid to the external auditors
              give a true and fair view of the financial position and performance    is provided in note 19 to the financial statements.
              of the entity and that the opinion has been formed on the basis of a
              sound system of risk management and internal control which is          It is the policy of the external auditor to provide an annual
              operating effectively.                                                 declaration of their independence to the Audit and Risk
                                                                                     Committee. The external auditor attends each AGM and is
              These declarations have been provided by the CEO and CFO to            available to answer questions shareholders may have in relation to
              the Board in respect of the 2019 half year financial statements and    the Auditor’s Report and the conduct of the audit.
              the 2019 full year financial statements which are included in this
              annual report.


              Principle 5: Make timely and balanced disclosures
              5.1. Continuous disclosure
              The company has developed a continuous disclosure and                  Procedures have been established for reviewing whether there is
              shareholder communication policy to ensure compliance with the         any price sensitive information that should be disclosed to the
              ASX Listing Rules and to facilitate effective communication with       market or whether any price sensitive information may have been
              shareholders.                                                          inadvertently disclosed.

              The Board has appointed the Company Secretary as the person            Except in exceptional circumstances, all ASX announcements
              responsible for disclosure of information to the ASX. The CEO and      (other than standard compliance announcements or newsletters
              Company Secretary are responsible for ensuring that all                with no new material information) require the approval of the
              announcements made by Starpharma to the ASX are factual, do            Chairman, or another non-executive director in his absence.
              not omit material information, and are expressed in a clear and
              objective manner.                                                      The Board receives copies of all ASX announcements promptly
                                                                                     after they have been made.
              The policy also sets out the requirements for ensuring compliance
              with the continuous disclosure requirements of the ASX Listing         A copy of the policy is available on the company’s website at
              Rules and overseeing and co-ordinating disclosure to the ASX,          www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              analysts, brokers, shareholders, the media and the public.


              Principle 6: Respect the rights of shareholders
              6.1 Information on website
              The company provides ready access to its shareholders and              The AGM provides an opportunity for the Board to communicate
              members of the public to information about the company and its         with shareholders through the Chairman’s address and the CEO’s
              governance on its website at www.starpharma.com                        presentation.

              6.2 Communication with investors                                       Shareholders are given the opportunity, through the Chairman, to
              The company recognises that shareholders may not be aware of           ask general questions of the Board. Shareholders who are unable
              all company developments at all times, notwithstanding the release     to attend the meeting in person may submit written questions
              of information to the ASX in accordance with the company’s             together with their proxy form, to be put to the meeting by the
              continuous disclosure policy and the law. In addition to ensuring      Chairman. The external auditor attends each AGM and is available
              that all ASX announcements and company reports are available on        to answer questions shareholders may have in relation to the
              the company’s website as soon as possible following confirmation       Auditor’s Report and the conduct of the audit.
              by the ASX of receipt of the announcement, the company will send
              to each shareholder who has so requested, either by post or email      All resolutions at AGMs are voted on by poll rather than by show of
              to their nominated address, annual reports and company                 hands.
              newsletters.
                                                                                     6.4 Electronic communication with the company and its share
              ASX announcements are also posted on the OTCQX website
                                                                                     registry
              (www.otcqx.com) in order to provide timely disclosure to US
                                                                                     Shareholders and other interested parties are able to subscribe to
              investors trading in the company’s Level One ADRs
                                                                                     Starpharma news via the company’s website or to certain
              (OTCQX:SPHRY). The company’s website also has an option for
                                                                                     information via the company’s share registry. Significant ASX
              shareholders to register their email address for direct email
                                                                                     announcements and financial reports are emailed to subscribers
              updates which the company may send for material company
                                                                                     promptly following confirmation by the ASX of receipt of the
              matters to, where they have previously been released to ASX and
                                                                                     relevant report or announcement.
              OTCQX.

              6.3 Participation at Annual General Meetings                           Shareholders are also able to contact the company or submit
              The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is generally held in November         questions or comments to the company’s investor relations email
              each year. The Notice of Meeting and related Explanatory Notes         address, and where appropriate, a response will be provided. No
              are distributed to shareholders in accordance with the                 price sensitive information will be provided unless previously
              requirements of the Corporations Act.                                  released to the ASX.


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                            47




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   47
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk
              7.1. Audit and Risk Committee                                            policies for the oversight of material business risks, and describes
              The company has established an Audit and Risk Committee                  the responsibilities and authorities of the Board, the Audit and Risk
              consisting of three independent non-executive directors. Details         Committee, the CEO, CFO & Company Secretary, and the senior
              regarding composition, meetings and charter are set out in section       management team. A summary of the policy is available on the
              2.1 and 2.1.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement.                    company’s website at
                                                                                       www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              7.2 Risk assessment and management




For personal use only
              The Board, through the Audit and Risk Committee, is responsible          The CEO and CFO & Company Secretary are responsible to the
              for ensuring there are adequate policies in relation to risk             Board through the Audit and Risk Committee for the overall
              management, compliance and internal control systems. The                 implementation of the risk management program. During the
              company operates in a challenging and dynamic environment, and           financial year management has reported to the Board as to the
              risk management is viewed as integral to realising new                   effectiveness of the group’s management of its material risks.
              opportunities as well as identifying issues that may have an
              adverse effect on the company’s existing operations and its              7.3 Internal audit function
              sustainability. The company is committed to a proactive approach         Given the size of the company, there is no internal audit function.
              towards risk management throughout its entire business                   As detailed in section 7.2, detailed risk assessments are carried
              operations. The Board aims to ensure that effective risk                 out in respect of a wide range of items, and where appropriate and
              management practices become embedded in the company’s                    possible, risk mitigation strategies are implemented to minimise
              culture and in the way activities are carried out at all levels of the   the chance of the risks occurring, and to minimise any impact
              company. The Board and management recognise the importance               where a risk eventuates.
              that risk management plays in ensuring the business is able to fully
              capitalise on the opportunities available to it, as well as mitigating   7.4 Sustainability risks and management
              potential loss.                                                          The company’s key economic, environmental and social
                                                                                       sustainability risks are outlined on pages 17 to 18 of the directors’
              Health and safety are considered to be of paramount importance           report under the heading ‘Material Business Risks’.
              and are the focus of significant risk management activities within
              the company. Other risk areas that are addressed include product         In addition to the risk assessment and management strategies
              liability, business continuity and disaster recovery, reputation,        outlined in section 7.2 and set out in the Corporate & Social
              intellectual property, product development and clinical trials.          Responsibility Report on page 12 of the annual report, the
              Adherence to the code of conduct is required at all times and the        company utilises a number of risk mitigation strategies including
              Board actively promotes a culture of quality and integrity. The          employing qualified staff and consultants, external advisors,
              Board has required management to design and implement a risk             maintaining a portfolio/pipeline of products and applications, and
              management and internal control system to manage the group’s             holding insurance in a number of areas.
              material business risks. The risk management policy sets out


              Principle 8: Remunerate fairly and responsible
              8.1 Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                Executive directors and senior management receive a mix of fixed
              The company has established a Remuneration and Nomination                and variable pay, comprising both cash and equity incentives.
              Committee consisting of three independent non-executive
              directors. Details regarding composition, meetings and charter are       Non-executive directors receive fees only and do not receive
              set out in sections 2.1 and 2.1.1 of this Corporate Governance           bonus payments or equity incentives. Non-executive directors do
              Statement.                                                               not receive termination/retirement benefits, whereas executive
                                                                                       directors and senior management are entitled to termination
              8.2 Non-executive and executive remuneration                             payments in accordance with the terms of their contracts (detailed
              Each member of the senior executive team has signed a formal             on page 38).
              employment contract covering a range of matters including their
              duties, rights, responsibilities and any entitlements on termination.    8.3 Prohibition on hedging of unvested/restricted entitlements
              Each role has a position description which is reviewed by the CEO        Employees are prohibited from entering into transactions in
              (or the committee in the case of the CEO) and relevant executive.        products which limit the economic risk of any equity granted under
              Further information on directors’ and executives’ remuneration,          an employee incentive scheme which are unvested or subject to a
              including principles used to determine remuneration, is set out in       disposal restriction. Details in relation to this policy are contained
              the remuneration report on pages 19 to 40.                               in the securities dealing policy which is available at
                                                                                       www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                48




               48       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Annual Financial Report for the year ended 30 June 2019



               Contents

                        Consolidated Income Statement                                                                                                           50

                        Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                                          51




For personal use only
                        Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                                                              52

                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                             53

                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                                                                    54

                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                          55

                        Directors’ Declaration                                                                                                                  78

                        Independent Audit Report to the Members                                                                                                 79




               These financial statements are the consolidated financial statements for the consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited and
               its subsidiaries. The financial statements are presented in Australian currency. Starpharma Holdings Limited is a company limited by shares,
               incorporated and domiciled in Australia.

               Its registered office and principal place of business is:

                         Starpharma Holdings Limited
                         4-6 Southampton Crescent
                         Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067
                         Australia

               A description of the nature of the group’s operations and its principal activities is included in the CEO’s Report on pages 3 to 11 and in the
               operating and financial review in the directors’ report on pages 15 to 18, which are not part of this financial report.

               The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 28 August 2019. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the
               financial report.

               Through the use of the internet, Starpharma ensures that corporate reporting is timely and complete. All recent press releases, financial reports
               and other information are available on its website: www.starpharma.com




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    49




                                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   49
              Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended 30 June 2019

                                                                                                          30 June 2019        30 June 2018
                                                                                      Notes                          $'000           $'000

                Continuing operations
                Revenue                                                                 5                            2,708           4,884
                Cost of goods sold                                                                                    (251)              -
                Other income                                                            5                               12             73




For personal use only
                Research and product development expense
                (net of R&D tax incentive)                                              6                          (10,454)       (10,576)
                Commercial and regulatory operating expense                             6                           (3,774)        (2,425)
                Corporate, administration and finance expense                           6                           (2,495)        (2,241)
                Loss before income tax                                                                             (14,254)       (10,285)
                Income tax expense                                                      7                                 -              -
                Loss from continuing operations attributable to equity holders
                of the company                                                                                     (14,254)       (10,285)




                Loss per share for loss from continuing operations attributable
                to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                                            $              $
                Basic loss per share                                                    25                          ($0.04)        ($0.03)
                Diluted loss per share                                                  25                          ($0.04)        ($0.03)


              The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                             50




               50       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 30 June 2019


                                                                                                              30 June 2019                30 June 2018
                                                                                       Notes                          $'000                        $'000

                Loss for the period                                                                                (14,254)                     (10,285)


                Other comprehensive income (loss)
                Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss                                                           -                            -




For personal use only
                Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                           -                            -
                Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                   (14,254)                     (10,285)


              The above statement of consolidated comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                            51




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   51
              Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2019


                                                                                                       30 June 2019       30 June 2018
                                                                              Notes                               $'000          $'000

                Current Assets
                Cash and cash equivalents                                       8                                41,251         51,319
                Trade and other receivables                                     9                                 6,159          6,134
                Inventories                                                     10                                 399               -




For personal use only
                Total Current Assets                                                                             47,809         57,453


                Non-Current Assets
                Property, plant and equipment                                   11                                1,050          1,058
                Total Non-Current Assets                                                                          1,050          1,058
                Total Assets                                                                                     48,859         58,511


                Current Liabilities
                Trade and other payables                                        12                                4,917          3,801
                Finance lease liabilities                                       13                                  26             26
                Provision for employee benefits                                 14                                1,056           930
                Deferred income                                                 5                                  427            407
                Total Current Liabilities                                                                         6,426          5,164


                Non-Current Liabilities
                Finance lease liabilities                                       13                                    -            23
                Provision for employee benefits                                 14                                  38             47
                Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                                       38             70
                Total Liabilities                                                                                 6,464          5,234
                Net Assets                                                                                       42,395         53,277


                Equity
                Contributed capital                                             15                              193,621        193,583
                Reserves                                                        16                               16,775         13,440
                Accumulated losses                                              17                          (168,001)        (153,746)
                Total Equity                                                                                     42,395         53,277


              The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                         52




               52       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 30 June 2019


                                                                                            Contributed       Reserves       Accumulated                  Total
                                                                                                 capital                          losses
                                                                                                                                                         equity
                                                                        Notes                      $'000           $'000              $'000               $'000

                Balance at 1 July 2017                                                           193,549         10,896          (143,461)              60,984
                Loss for the year                                                                       -              -           (10,285)            (10,285)
                Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                       -              -                   -                    -




For personal use only
                Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                          -              -           (10,285)            (10,285)
                Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                Employee share plans                                      15                          34               -                   -                   34
                Employee performance rights plan                          16                            -          2,544                   -              2,544
                Total transactions with owners                                                        34           2,544                   -              2,578
                Balance at 30 June 2018                                                          193,583         13,440          (153,746)              53,277
                Loss for the year                                                                       -              -           (14,254)            (14,254)
                Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                       -              -                   -                    -
                Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                          -              -           (14,254)            (14,254)
                Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                Employee share plans                                      15                          38               -                   -                   38
                Employee performance rights plan                          16                            -          3,334                   -              3,334
                Total transactions with owners                                                        38           3,334                   -              3,372
                Balance at 30 June 2019                                                          193,621         16,775          (168,001)              42,395


              The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                              53




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   53
              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 30 June 2019


                                                                                                             30 June 2019        30 June 2018
                                                                                     Notes                           $'000              $'000

                Cash Flows from Operating Activities
                Receipts from trade and other debtors (inclusive of GST)                                             2,807              2,788
                Grant income and R&D tax incentives (inclusive of GST)                                               4,019              3,747
                Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                            (18,244)           (17,799)




For personal use only
                Interest received                                                                                    1,076              1,067
                Interest paid                                                                                              (2)            (4)
                Net cash outflows from operating activities                            24                         (10,344)           (10,201)


                Cash Flow from Investing Activities
                Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                           (314)              (359)
                Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale financial assets                                                   8               -

                Net cash outflows from investing activities                                                          (306)              (359)


                Cash Flow from Financing Activities
                Finance lease payments                                                                                    (26)           (26)
                Net cash outflows from financing activities                                                               (26)           (26)


                Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents held                                         (10,676)           (10,586)
                Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                              51,319             61,188
                Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                             608            717
                Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                    41,251             51,319


              The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                54




               54       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019


               Contents

               1.       Significant Accounting Policies                                                                                                  56

               2.       Financial Risk Management                                                                                                        61

               3.       Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements                                                                                     62




For personal use only
               4.       Segment Information                                                                                                              62

               5.       Revenue and Other Income                                                                                                         62

               6.       Expenses                                                                                                                         63

               7.       Income Tax Expense                                                                                                               63

               8.       Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                                       65

               9.       Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables                                                                                     66

               10.      Current Assets – Inventories                                                                                                     66

               11.      Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment                                                                               67

               12.      Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables                                                                                   68

               13.      Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Finance Lease Liabilities                                                                  68

               14.      Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits                                                            68

               15.      Contributed Equity                                                                                                               69

               16.      Reserves                                                                                                                         70

               17.      Accumulated Losses                                                                                                               70

               18.      Related Party Transactions                                                                                                       70

               19.      Remuneration of Auditors                                                                                                         71

               20.      Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date                                                                                    71

               21.      Commitments                                                                                                                      71

               22.      Contingencies                                                                                                                    72

               23.      Subsidiaries                                                                                                                     72

               24.      Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities                                           73

               25.      Earnings Per Share                                                                                                               73

               26.      Share-Based Payments                                                                                                             74

               27.      Parent Entity Financial Information                                                                                              77




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                             55




                                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   55
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              1. Significant Accounting Policies

              The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of           (iv) Historical cost convention
              these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These
              policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,       These financial statements have been prepared under the
              unless otherwise stated. The financial statements are for the             historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of
              consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited and         available-for-sale financial assets, financial assets and liabilities
              its subsidiaries (the group).                                             (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit or
                                                                                        loss, certain classes of property, plant and equipment and
                                                                                        investment property.




For personal use only
              (a) Basis of preparation
              These general purpose financial statements have been prepared             (v) Critical accounting estimates
              in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and
              Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards             The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain
              Board and the Corporations Act 2001. Starpharma Holdings                  critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to
              Limited is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the           exercise its judgement in the process of applying the group’s
              financial statements.                                                     accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of
                                                                                        judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and
                                                                                        estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed
              (i) Compliance with IFRS                                                  in note 3.
              The consolidated financial statements of the group also comply
              with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued         (vi) Going Concern
              by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                   For the year ended 30 June 2019, the consolidated entity has
                                                                                        incurred losses from continuing operations of $14,254,000 (2018:
              (ii) New and amended standards adopted by the group                       $10,285,000) and experienced net cash outflows of $10,344,000
              The group has applied the following standards and amendments              from operations (2018: $10,201,000), as disclosed in the income
              for the first time for the annual reporting period commencing 1 July      statement and statement of cash flows, respectively. The company
              2018:                                                                     is in the development and early commercialisation phase, and
                   AASB 9 Financial Instruments                                        given the entity’s strategic plans, the directors are satisfied
                   AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers                       regarding the availability of working capital for the period up to at
                                                                                        least 31 August 2020. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the
                   AASB 2016-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                                                                                        financial report on a going concern basis in the belief that the
                    Standards - Classification and Measurement of Share-based
                                                                                        consolidated entity will realise its assets and settle its liabilities and
                    Payment Transactions
                                                                                        commitments in the normal course of business and for at least the
                   AASB 2017-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                                                                                        amounts stated in the financial report.
                    Standards - Transfers to Investment Property, Annual
                    Improvements 2014-2016 Cycle and Other Amendments
                                                                                        (b) Principles of consolidation
                   Interpretation 22 Foreign Currency Transactions and
                    Advance Consideration.                                              (i) Subsidiaries
                                                                                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and
              AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers                             liabilities of all subsidiaries of Starpharma Holdings Limited
              AASB15 is based on the principle that revenue is recognised when          (“company” or “parent entity”) as at 30 June 2019 and the results
              control of a good or service transfers to a customer – so the notion      of all subsidiaries for the year then ended. Starpharma Holdings
              of control replaces the existing notion of risks and rewards. The         Limited and its subsidiaries together are referred to in this financial
              group has adopted AASB 15 effective from 1 July 2018 using the            report as the group or the consolidated entity.
              modified retrospective approach.
                                                                                        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over
              Management assessed the impact of AASB 15 on the                          which the group has control. The group controls an entity when the
              measurement and recognition of revenue from existing contractual          group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
              arrangements. Based on the assessment, the adoption of AASB               involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
              15 has had no material impact on the group’s profit or loss, nor has      returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
              there been any adjustments to opening retained earnings as at 1           Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control
              July 2018.                                                                is transferred to the group. They are deconsolidated from the date
                                                                                        that control ceases.
              AASB 9 Financial Instruments
              AASB 9 addresses the classification, measurement and                      Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on
              derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. The group    transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised
              has adopted AASB 9 effective from 1 July 2018. There has been             losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
              no material impact on the accounting for financial instruments as         evidence of the impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting
              the group does not have any debt instruments classified as                policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to
              available-for-sale financial assets, financial liabilities that are       ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the group.
              designated at fair value through profit or loss or hedging
              instruments. AASB 9 introduces an expected credit loss model for
                                                                                        (c) Segment reporting
              impairment of financial assets such as trade receivables. The
              group has reviewed the requirements of the ‘expected credit loss’         Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
              model and did not identify any required provision.                        internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker.
                                                                                        The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for
              The group had to change its accounting policies following the             allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
              adoption of AASB 15 but has not had to make retrospective                 segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer.
              adjustments. Most of the other amendments listed above did not
              have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and            (d) Foreign currency translation
              are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.
                                                                                        (i) Functional and presentation currency
                                                                                        Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s
              (iii) Early adoption of standards
                                                                                        entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
              The group has not elected to apply any pronouncements before              environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’).
              their operative date in the annual reporting period beginning             The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian
              1 July 2018.                                                              dollars, which is Starpharma Holdings Limited’s functional and
                                                                                        presentation currency.



              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    56



               56       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              (ii) Transactions and balances
              Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional          The corresponding rental obligations, net of finance charges, are
              currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the          included in short-term and long-term payables. Each lease
              transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from            payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The
              the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at           finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as
              year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities                to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
              denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.       balance of the liability for each period. The property, plant and
                                                                                        equipment acquired under finance leases is depreciated over the
              Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are           asset’s useful life or over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and
              presented in the income statement, within finance costs. All other        the lease term if there is no reasonable certainty that the group will




For personal use only
              foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the income             obtain ownership at the end of the lease term. Leases in which a
              statement on a net basis within other income or other expenses.           significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are not
                                                                                        transferred to the group as lessee are classified as operating
                                                                                        leases (note 21). Payments made under operating leases (net of
              (e) Revenue Recognition                                                   any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to profit or
              The accounting policies for the group’s revenue from contracts            loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease. Lease
              with customers are explained in note 5.                                   income from operating leases where the group is a lessor is
                                                                                        recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
              (f) Government Grants
              Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value             (i) Impairment of assets
              where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be              Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite life are not
              received and the group will comply with all attached conditions.          subject to amortisation. They are tested annually for impairment or
              Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised           more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
              in profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with the        they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment
              costs that they are intended to compensate.                               whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the
                                                                                        carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
              (g) Income Tax                                                            recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
                                                                                        exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the
              The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax               higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in
              payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the               use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
              applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by             grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
              changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to            identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash
              temporary differences and to unused tax losses. Deferred tax              inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash generating
              assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at        units).
              the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are recovered or
              liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted
              or substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax          (j) Cash and cash equivalents
              rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and             For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows,
              taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or        cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held
              liability. An exception is made for certain temporary differences         with financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid
              arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No       investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash
              deferred tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these        and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
              temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other than a        The amount of significant cash and cash equivalents not available
              business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not         for use is disclosed in note 8.
              affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax
              assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and            (k) Trade Receivables
              unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable amounts      Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and
              will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.      subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
              Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary      interest method, less provision for impairment. Trade receivables
              differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of                  are generally due for settlement within 30 to 60 days. They are
              investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to     presented as current assets unless collection is not expected for
              control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and       more than 12 months after reporting date. Collectibility of trade
              it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable   receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Debts which are
              future. Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts         known to be uncollectible are written off by reducing the carrying
              recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity are           amount directly. An allowance account (provision for impairment of
              also recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity,         trade receivables) is used when there is objective evidence that
              respectively. Starpharma Holdings Limited and its wholly-owned            the group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to
              Australian controlled entity are not consolidated for tax purposes.       the original terms of the receivables. Significant financial difficulties
                                                                                        of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or
              (i) Investment allowances and similar tax incentives                      financial reorganisation, and default or delinquency in payments
              Companies within the group may be entitled to claim special tax           (more than 90 days overdue) are considered indicators that the
              deductions for investments in qualifying assets or in relation to         trade receivable is impaired. The amount of the impairment
              qualifying expenditure (eg. investment allowances). The group             allowance is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
              accounts for such allowances as tax credits, which means that the         and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at
              allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax expense. A           the original effective interest rate. Cash flows relating to short-term
              deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that are       receivables are not discounted if the effect of discounting is
              carried forward as deferred tax assets.                                   immaterial. The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in
                                                                                        profit or loss within administration expenses. When a trade
                                                                                        receivable for which an impairment allowance had been
              (h) Leases
                                                                                        recognised becomes uncollectable in a subsequent period, it is
              Leases of property, plant and equipment where the group has               written off against the allowance account. Subsequent recoveries
              substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified       of amounts previously written off are credited against other
              as finance leases (note 21). Finance leases are capitalised at the        expenses in profit or loss.
              lease’s inception at the lower of the fair value of the leased
              property, and the present value of the minimum lease payments.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  57



                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   57
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              1. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
                                                                                         (ii) Research and development
              (l) Inventories
              Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at           Research and development expenditure is expensed as incurred
                                                                                         except that costs incurred on development projects, relating to the
              the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes
                                                                                         design and testing of new or improved products, are recognised as
              expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them
              to their existing condition and location. Costs are assigned to            intangible assets when it is probable that the project will, after
                                                                                         considering its commercial and technical feasibility, be completed
              individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average
                                                                                         and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be
              costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
                                                                                         measured reliably. To date no research and development costs




For personal use only
              deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the
                                                                                         have been recognised as intangible assets.
              estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
              estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary
              to make the sale.                                                          (p) Trade and other payables
                                                                                         These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services
              (m) Investments and other financial assets                                 provided to the group prior to the end of the financial year which
                                                                                         are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid
              (i) Classification
                                                                                         within 30 to 45 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are
              The group classifies its financial assets in the following categories:     presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12
              financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and           months from the reporting date.
              receivables, held-to-maturity investments and available-for-sale
              financial assets. The classification depends on the purpose for
                                                                                         (q) Finance Lease Liabilities
              which the investments were acquired. Management determines
              the classification of its investments at initial recognition and, in the   Finance lease liabilities are initially recognised at fair value, net of
              case of assets classified as held-to-maturity, re-evaluates this           transaction costs incurred. Finance lease liabilities are
              designation at each reporting period.                                      subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between
                                                                                         the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount
                                                                                         is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the finance lease
              (ii) Loans and receivables
                                                                                         liability using the effective interest method. Finance lease liabilities
              Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with             are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an
              fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active            unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12
              market. They are included in current assets, except for those with         months after the reporting period.
              maturities greater than 12 months after the reporting date which
              are classified as non-current assets. Loans and receivables are            (r) Provisions
              included in trade and other receivables (note 9) in the balance
                                                                                         Provisions for legal claims, service claims and make good
              sheet.
                                                                                         obligations are recognised when the group has a present legal or
                                                                                         constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is more
              (n) Property, Plant and Equipment and Leasehold                            probable than not that an outflow of resources will be required to
              improvements                                                               settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated.
              Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less            Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses. Where
              depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly        there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an
              attributable to the acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are         outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering
              included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a                 the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even
              separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future       if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item in the
              economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group          same class of obligations may be small. Provisions are measured
              and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying            at the present value of management’s best estimate for the
              amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is               expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the balance
              derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance              date. The discount rate used to determine the present value
              are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which         reflects current market assessment of the time, value of money,
              they are incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line      and the risks specific to the liability. The increase of the provision
              method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of the              due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.
              residual values, over their estimated useful lives. The expected
              useful lives are 2 to 20 years. The assets’ residual values and            (s) Employee benefits
              useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each            (i) Short-term obligations
              balance sheet date. An asset’s carrying amount is written down
                                                                                         Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits,
              immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
              amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains             annual and long-service leave expected to be settled within 12
                                                                                         months after the end of the period in which the employees render
              and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds
                                                                                         the related service are recognised in respect of employees’
              with the carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss.
                                                                                         services up to the period and are measured at the amounts
                                                                                         expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liability for
              The cost of improvements to or on leasehold properties is                  annual and long service leave is recognised in the provision for
              amortised over the remaining notice period under the premises              employee benefits. All other short-term employee benefit
              lease (being 3.5 years at the balance date) or the estimated useful        obligations are presented as payables.
              life of the improvement to the group, whichever is shorter.

              (o) Intangible Assets
              (i) Patents and licenses
              Costs associated with patents are expensed as incurred. Licenses
              and acquired patents with a finite useful life are carried at cost less
              accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is
              calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of
              licenses and patents over the period of the expected benefit, which
              is up to 20 years. As at the reporting date no patents or licenses
              are recognised as intangible assets.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  58



               58       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              (iii) Superannuation and Pension Benefits                                (t) Contributed equity
              Group companies make the statutory superannuation guarantee              Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly
              contribution in respect of each employee to their nominated              attributable to the issue of new shares or performance rights are
              complying superannuation or pension fund. In certain                     shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
              circumstances pursuant to an employee’s employment contract the          Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
              group companies may also be required to make additional                  performance rights, for the acquisition of a business, are not
              superannuation or pension contributions and/or agree to make             included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the purchase
              salary sacrifice superannuation or pension contributions in addition     consideration.
              to the statutory guarantee contribution. The group’s legal or
              constructive obligation is limited to the above contributions.           (u) Dividends




For personal use only
              Contributions to the employees’ superannuation or pension plans          Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being
              are recognised as an expense as they become payable. Prepaid             appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the
              contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash       entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not
              refund or reduction in future payments is available.                     distributed at the end of the reporting period.

              (iv) Share-based payments                                                (v) Earnings per share
              Share-based compensation benefits are offered to employees via           (i) Basic earnings per share
              an Employee Performance Rights Plan and an Employee Share
                                                                                       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit
              Plan ($1,000 Plan). Information relating to these plans is set out in
                                                                                       attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of
              note 26 and in the remuneration report under the directors’ report.
                                                                                       servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted
                                                                                       average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
              The fair value of performance rights granted is recognised as an
                                                                                       financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares
              employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
                                                                                       issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.
              The fair value of employee services received, measured by
              reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the
                                                                                       (ii) Diluted earnings per share
              vesting period. Depending on the performance measure of the
              right vesting, the fair value at grant date represents either a          Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the
              volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to             determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the
              the grant date, or a value calculated using a hybrid Monte-Carlo-        after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs
              trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute TSR      associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted
              target, the term of the right, the share price at grant date, the risk   average number of additional ordinary shares that would have
              free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price             been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential
              volatility, the volatility of the relevant index, and the correlation    ordinary shares.
              between the share price and that index. The fair value excludes
              the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example,            (w) Goods and Services Tax (“GST”)
              profitability and sales growth targets). Non-market vesting              Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount
              conditions are included in assumptions about the number of               of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not recoverable
              performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. At           from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of
              each balance sheet date, the entity revises its estimate of the          the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
              number of performance rights that are expected to become                 Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of
              exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised in each             GST receivable from, or payable to, the taxation authority and are
              period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of        included with other receivables or payables in the balance sheet.
              the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in the         Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components
              income statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.              of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are
                                                                                       recoverable from, or payable to the taxation authority, are
              Under the Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan) shares are issued            presented as operating cash flows.
              to employees for no cash consideration and vest at the earlier of
              three years or cessation of employment. On this date, the market
                                                                                       (x) Rounding of amounts
              value of the shares issued is recognised as an employee benefits
              expense with a corresponding increase in equity.                         The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
                                                                                       (Rounding Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
                                                                                       issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission,
              (v) Bonus payments
                                                                                       relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the financial statements.
              The group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses              Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in
              based on a formula that takes into consideration performance             accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or
              criteria that have been set. The group recognises a provision            in certain cases, the nearest dollar.
              where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that
              has created a constructive obligation.

              (vi) Termination benefits
              Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated
              before the normal retirement date, or when an employee accepts
              voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The group
              recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed
              to either terminating the employment of current employees
              according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal
              or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made to
              encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than
              12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to
              present value.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                              59



                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   59
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              1. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
                                                                                         (z) Parent entity financial information
              (y) New accounting standards and interpretations
              Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been             The financial information for the parent entity, Starpharma
                                                                                         Holdings Limited, disclosed in note 27 has been prepared on the
              published that are not mandatory for the 30 June 2019 reporting
                                                                                         same basis as the consolidated financial statements, except as set
              period. The group’s assessment of the impact of these new
              standards and interpretations is set out below.                            out below.

              (i) AASB 16 Leases will result in almost all leases being                  (i) Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities




For personal use only
              recognised on the balance sheet, as the distinction between                Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities
              operating and finance leases is removed. Under the new standard,           are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of Starpharma
              an asset (the right to use the leased item) and a financial liability to   Holdings Limited. Dividends received from associates are
              pay rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are short-term             recognised in the parent entity’s profit or loss when its right to
              and low-value leases.                                                      receive the dividend is established.

              The group has reviewed all of the group’s leasing arrangements in          (ii) Share-based payments
              light of the new lease accounting rules in AASB 16. The standard
              will affect primarily the accounting for the group’s operating leases.     The grant by the company of rights over its equity instruments to
                                                                                         the employees of subsidiary undertakings in the group is treated
              As at the reporting date, the group has non-cancellable operating          as a capital contribution to that subsidiary undertaking. The fair
              lease commitments of $2,315,000, see note 21. Of these                     value of employee services received, measured by reference to
              commitments, approximately $16,000 relates to low value leases             the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as
              which will be recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in         an increase to investment in subsidiary undertakings, with a
              profit or loss.                                                            corresponding credit to equity.

              For the remaining lease commitments, the group expects to
              recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately
              $2,160,000 on 1 July 2019. Overall, net assets will be
              approximately the same.

              The group expects that reported expenses will increase by
              approximately $50,000 for the 2020 financial year, due to the
              interest component calculated on the lease liability under the new
              standard.

              Operating cash outflows will decrease, and financing cash outflows
              will increase by approximately $560,000 as repayment of the
              principal portion of the lease liabilities will be classified as cash
              flows from financing activities.

              The group will apply the standard from its mandatory adoption
              date, being the annual report period commencing 1 July 2019. The
              group intends to apply the simplified transition (cumulative effect)
              approach and will not restate comparative amounts for the year
              prior to first adoption. All right-of-use assets will be measured at
              the amount of the lease liability on adoption.

              There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that are
              expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current or
              future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                60



               60       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              2. Financial Risk Management
              The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks;                currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The group
              including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The group’s               operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk
              overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability                  arising from currency exposures to major currencies including the
              of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse                     US dollar and Great British pound.
              effects on the financial performance of the group. The Chief
              Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer & Company                         On the basis of the nature of these transactions, the group does
              Secretary, under the guidance of the Audit and Risk Committee                    not use derivative financial instruments to hedge such exposures
              and the Board, have responsibility for the risk management                       but maintains cash and deposits in Australian dollars, US dollars




For personal use only
              program.                                                                         (US$) and Great British pounds (£). The directors are regularly
                                                                                               monitoring the potential impact of movements in foreign exchange
              (a) Market risk                                                                  exposure.
              (i) Foreign Exchange Risk
                                                                                               The exposure to foreign currency risk at the reporting date using
              Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions                 the closing exchange rate as at 30 June 2019 for US$ of $0.7013
              and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a                       and for £ of $0.5535 was as follows:


                                                                              30 June 2019            30 June 2018              30 June 2019        30 June 2018
                                                                                       US$                     US$                         £                   £
                                                                                     $’000                   $’000                     £’000               £’000

               Cash and cash equivalents                                               5,405                   6,279                   2,438                 3,314

               Trade and other receivables                                               671                   1,500                       -                      -

               Trade and other payables                                                  542                   1,063                   1,266                    334

              Group Sensitivity
              The group is mainly exposed to US dollars (US$) and Great British pounds (£) on foreign currencies held, receivable and payable. The following
              table details the group’s sensitivity to a 10% increase and decrease in the Australian dollar against the US dollar or Great British pounds. A
              positive number indicates a favourable movement; that is an increase in profit or reduction in the loss.

                                                                           30 June 2019              30 June 2018               30 June 2019          30 June 2018
                                                                                  $’000                     $’000                      £’000                 £’000

               Impact on profit / (loss) on a movement of                            US$                       US$                         £                          £

               Australian dollar strengthens (increases) against
               the foreign currency by 10%                                           (717)                    (826)                    (192)                    (481)

               Australian dollar weakens (decreases) against
               the foreign currency by 10%                                            877                    1,010                       235                     588


              (ii) Cash Flow Interest Rate Risk
              The group holds interest bearing assets and therefore the income and operating cash flows are exposed to market interest rates.
              At the end of the reporting period, the group had the following value of term and at call deposits. Refer to note 8 for additional information.

                                                                                                              30 June 2019                            30 June 2018
                                                                                                                     $’000                                   $’000

               Term Deposits and deposits at call                                                                      38,306                                 47,966


              Group Sensitivity
              At 30 June 2019, if interest rates had changed by 50 basis points either higher or lower from the year end rates with all other variables held
              constant, group profit for the year would have been $193,000 higher or lower (2018 - change of 50 bps: $241,000 higher/lower) due to either
              higher or lower interest income from cash or cash equivalents.


              (b) Credit risk
                                                                                               (c) Liquidity risk
              Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from
              cash and cash equivalents with banks and financial institutions, as              Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient
              well as credit exposures from royalty, product supply and licensing              cash and marketable securities. The directors regularly monitor the
              agreements. Credit risk for cash and deposits with banks and                     cash position of the group, giving consideration to the level of
              financial institutions is managed by maximising deposits held                    expenditure and future capital commitments entered into.
              under major Australian banks. All cash and deposits are held with
              major Australian banks, with the majority being held with the                    (d) Fair value estimation
              National Australia Bank and Commonwealth Bank of Australia.                      The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities must be
              Other than government tax incentives, third party receivables                    estimated for recognition and measurement for disclosure
              largely consist of licensing, product supply and royalty receivables             purposes. The carrying value less impairment provision of trade
              from leading, multinational organisations.                                       receivables and payables are assumed to approximate their fair
                                                                                               values due to their short-term nature. The fair value of financial
                                                                                               liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the
                                                                                               future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate
                                                                                               that is available to the group for similar financial instruments.


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                          61



                                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   61
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

               3. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements

               Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future
               events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

               The group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the
               related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
               assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.




For personal use only
               i) Income Taxes
               The group is subject to income taxes in Australia. There are transactions and calculations undertaken during the ordinary course of business for
               which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
               initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. The
               group has not recognised deferred tax assets or liabilities, including from carried forward losses, due to the realisation of such benefits being
               uncertain. The utilisation of tax losses also depends on the ability of the entity to satisfy certain tests at the time the losses are recouped.

               ii) R&D Tax Incentives
               The group’s research and development activities are eligible under an Australian Government tax incentive for eligible expenditure from 1 July
               2011. Management has assessed these activities and expenditure to determine which are likely to be eligible under the incentive scheme. For
               the period to 30 June 2019 the group has recorded a contra research and development expense of $5,071,000 (2018: $4,056,000). The total
               R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded at 30 June 2019 is $4,898,000 (2018: $3,847,000)



               4. Segment Information
               The group has determined that on the basis of internal reporting and monitoring to the Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief operating
               decision maker, the group operates in one business segment, being the discovery, development and commercialisation of dendrimers for
               pharmaceutical, life science and other applications.


               5. Revenue and Other Income
                                                                                                                 30 June 2019                          30 June 2018
               Revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                      $’000                                 $’000

               Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                      1,651                                 3,812

               Interest revenue                                                                                           1,057                                 1,072

               Total revenue from continuing operations                                                                   2,708                                 4,884

               Other income                                                                                                  12                                       73

               Total revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                  2,720                                 4,957



               Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
               Revenue from contracts with customers includes licensing revenue, royalties and products sales, and research revenue from partners.

               Total revenue from contracts with customers for the year was $1,651,000 (2018: $3,812,126) and includes a $715,000 (US$500,000) milestone
               payment from Mundipharma for the launch of VivaGel® BV in Europe, as well as $364,000 in prepaid minimum royalties associated with the
               VivaGel® condom in Japan. The revenue in the prior year includes signature payments of $2,955,000 for the Mundipharma VivaGel® BV
               licensing agreements for Europe, Asia, South America, Middle East and Africa.

               Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers
               The group has recognised the following current assets and current liabilities related to contracts with customers:
                                                                                                               30 June 2019                            30 June 2018
                                                                                                                        $’000                                 $’000

               Trade and other receivables (Note 9)                                                                       1,009                                 2,065

               Contract Liabilities - deferred income                                                                     (427)                                  (407)

               Trade and other receivables at year-end relate to product supply and milestones, such as the VivaGel® BV launch milestone in Europe. The
               decrease from the prior year reflects the receipt of Mundipharma VivaGel® BV signature payments during the year.

               Contract Liabilities (deferred income) relate to potential liabilities for product discounts, that are dependent on product registrations in certain
               countries.




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                         62



               62       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              Performance obligations
              Revenue is recognised when the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised good or service to a
              customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for the goods or services.
              Information about the company’s performance obligations are summarised below:

              (i) Licensing revenue and royalties
              Typically, a licence granted by the company provides the customer with the right to use, but not own, the company’s intellectual property as it
              exists at the point in time the licence is granted. The company may receive signature payments, milestone payments for specific development
              (such as clinical or regulatory) or commercial based outcomes, and/or sales-based royalties as consideration for the licence. The performance
              obligation(s) for a licence are usually satisfied upon, or soon after, the granting of the licence to the partner. Signature payments are normally




For personal use only
              fixed, where-as development and commercial milestones are variable consideration as they are dependent on the achievement of certain events
              in the future. The company’s estimate of variable consideration will only be recognised to the extent it is highly probable that a significant
              revenue reversal will not occur in future periods.

              Royalties based on sales of product are recognised when the customer's sales of product occur. Where consideration includes guaranteed
              minimum royalties, they are recognised when the licence is granted or when they are no longer subject to constraint.

              Milestones payments are generally due within 30 to 60 days from timing of the milestone event. Royalties are generally due 30 to 60 days after
              the end of the defined royalty reporting period.

              (ii) Product sales
              The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from delivery. Some
              contracts provide customers with a right of return for product non-conformance which may give rise to variable consideration subject to
              constraint.

              (iii) Research revenue
              The performance obligation is satisfied over-time upon completion of outlined deliverables and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days of
              achievement of each deliverable.


              6. Expenses
               Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                    30 June 2019                             30 June 2018
               includes the following items:                                                                       $’000                                    $’000

               R&D tax incentive (contra expense)1                                                                 (5,071)                                   (4,056)

               Employee benefits expenses (including share-based payments)                                         10,548                                      9,051

               Depreciation                                                                                            298                                         311

               Rental expense on operating leases                                                                      586                                         570
              1
                  Included within the research and product development expense line item in the consolidated income statement.


              7. Income Tax Expense

                                                                                                            30 June 2019                            30 June 2018
                                                                                                                   $’000                                   $’000

                  (a) Income tax expense/(credit)

                  Current Tax / Deferred Tax                                                                             –                                          –

                  Total income tax expense                                                                               –                                          –

                  Income tax attributable to continuing operations                                                       –                                          –


                  (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

                  Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                      (14,254)                                  (10,285)

                  Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2018: 30%)                                               (4,276)                                   (3,086)

                  Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                           Eligible expenses claimed under R&D tax incentive                                        1,857                                     1,436
                           Share-based payments                                                                     1,012                                          774
                           Unearned income                                                                               1                                         (1)
                           Sundry items                                                                              (101)                                          56

                  Future income tax benefits not brought to account                                                 1,506                                          821

                  Income tax expense                                                                                     –                                           –

                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019    63


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                        63
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019


              7. Income Tax Expense (continued)

                (c) Tax losses
                Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been
                recognised (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                      115,313                               110,685

                Potential tax benefit                                                                                     34,594                                33,206




For personal use only
                (d) Unrecognised temporary differences
                Temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset has been
                recognised as recoverability is not probable                                                               4,133                                 4,482

                Unrecognised deferred tax relating to the temporary differences                                            1,240                                 1,345



                (e) Deferred tax liabilities

                Deferred tax liabilities comprise temporary differences attributable to:
                Intangibles                                                                                                     -                                        -
                Sundry items                                                                                                    3                                   24
                Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                                  3                                   24

                Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                                 (3)                                  (24)

                Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                    –                                        –

                Deferred tax liabilities expected to be settled within 12 months                                                3                                   24
                Deferred tax liabilities expected to be settled after 12 months                                                 -                                        -

                                                                                                                                3                                   24


              Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been set-off as there is a legally recognised right to set-off current tax assets and liabilities,
              and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority. Deferred tax assets mainly comprise of
              temporary differences attributable to tax losses. Potential future income tax benefits attributable to tax losses carried forward have not been
              brought to account at 30 June 2019 because the directors do not believe that it is appropriate to regard realisation of the future income tax
              benefit as probable. Similarly, future benefits attributable to net temporary differences have not been brought to account as the directors do not
              regard the realisation of such benefits as probable.

              Realisation of the benefit of tax losses would be subject to the group satisfying the conditions for deductibility imposed by tax legislation and no
              subsequent changes in tax legislation adversely affecting the group. The group has made an assessment as to the satisfaction of deductibility
              conditions at 30 June 2019 which it believes will be satisfied.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                        64



               64       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              8. Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                         30 June 2019                             30 June 2018
                                                                                                                $’000                                    $’000

               Cash at bank and on hand                                                                           2,945                                    3,353

               Term Deposits and deposits at call                                                               38,306                                    47,966
                                                                                                                41,251                                    51,319




For personal use only
              Cash at bank and on hand                                                      Deposits not available
              The cash is bearing floating interest rates based on current                  There is $548,000 (2018: $806,000) of term deposits not available
              bank rates.                                                                   for use due funds being provided as security for a bank guarantee
                                                                                            on the premises lease, and for a finance lease facility.
              Term deposits and deposits at call
              The term deposits have maturities of 3 months or less. Funds in               Interest rate risk
              deposits at call allow the group to withdraw funds on demand.                 Current receivables are non-interest bearing.



               30 June 2019                         Floating                        Fixed interest maturing     Non-interest
                                                    Interest                                                        bearing
                                                        rate
                                                                1 year or less    1 to 2 years   2 to 3 years                            Total       Contractual
                                           Notes        $’000           $’000            $’000          $’000          $’000             $’000        cash flows

               Financial Assets

               Cash & deposits              8           2,972         35,631                –               –          2,648            41,251                N/A

               Receivables                  9               –                 –             –               –          6,159             6,159              6,159

                                                        2,972         35,631                –               –          8,807            47,410              6,159

               Weighted average interest rate           1.7%            2.1%              –%              –%              –%


               Financial Liabilities

               Payables                     12              –                 –             –               –          4,917             4,917              4,917
               Finance lease liabilities    13              –                26             –               –              –                 26                26

                                                            –                26             –               –          4,917             4,943              4,943


               Weighted average interest rate             –%            5.8%              –%              –%              –%


               30 June 2018                         Floating                        Fixed interest maturing     Non-interest
                                                    Interest                                                        bearing
                                                        rate
                                                                1 year or less    1 to 2 years   2 to 3 years                            Total       Contractual
                                           Notes        $’000           $’000            $’000          $’000          $’000             $’000        cash flows

               Financial Assets

               Cash & deposits              8           1,800         46,364                –               –          3,155            51,319                N/A

               Receivables                  9               –                 –             –               –          6,134             6,134              6,134

                                                        1,800         46,364                –               –          9,289            57,453              6,134

               Weighted average interest rate           1.9%            2.4%              –%              –%              –%


               Financial Liabilities

               Payables                     12              –                 –             –               –          3,801             3,801              3,801
               Finance lease liabilities    13              –                26            23               –              –                 49                49

                                                            –                26            23               –          3,801             3,850              3,850


               Weighted average interest rate             –%            5.8%            5.8%              –%              –%



              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                   65



                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   65
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              9. Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables

                                                                                                           30 June 2019                          30 June 2018
                                                                                                                  $’000                                 $’000

               Trade and grant receivables                                                                         5,857                                  5,911

               Interest receivables                                                                                    49                                       68

               Prepayments                                                                                             79                                       37




For personal use only
               Other receivables                                                                                     174                                    118

                                                                                                                   6,159                                  6,134


              Trade and grant receivables
              Trade and grant receivables primarily comprise of $4,898,000 (2018: $3,847,000) of expenditure reimbursable under the Australian
              Government’s R&D tax incentive scheme, with the balance related to customer receivables for VivaGel® licensing fees, product sales and
              royalties. Customer receivables are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 60 days.


              Other receivables
              Other receivables comprise sundry debtors and GST/VAT claimable and are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 90 days.


              Credit risk
              The group considers that there is no significant credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables. Grant receivables are with government
              bodies and trade receivables are from large, well respected companies.

              Impaired receivables
              As at 30 June 2019, there were no material trade and grant receivables that were past due (2018: nil). No receivables are considered impaired
              at 30 June 2019 (2018: nil).


              10. Inventories

                                                                                                           30 June 2019                          30 June 2018
               Current Assets                                                                                     $’000                                 $’000

               Raw materials                                                                                         248                                         -

               Finished goods                                                                                        151                                         -

                                                                                                                     399                                         -


              Assigning costs to inventories
              The costs of individual items of inventory are determined using the weighted average cost method. See Note 1(l) for the group’s other
              accounting policies for inventories.

              Amounts recognised in profit or loss
              Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 30 June 2019 amounted to $251,000 (2018: Nil). These were included in cost of
              goods sold.

              Finished goods
              Finished goods are products that are subject to a customer purchase order, have completed production, and are awaiting delivery to the
              customer.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    66



               66       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              11. Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment

                                                                                                                       Leasehold
                                                                                 Plant and Equipment                improvements                          Total
                                                                                                $’000                       $’000                         $’000
               At 30 June 2017

               Cost                                                                               3,099                         602                       3,701




For personal use only
               Accumulated depreciation                                                          (2,414)                       (374)                    (2,788)

               Net book amount                                                                      685                         228                          913



               Year ended 30 June 2018

               Opening net book amount                                                              685                         228                          913

               Additions                                                                            468                            -                         468

               Disposals                                                                            (12)                           -                         (12)

               Depreciation                                                                       (243)                         (68)                      (311)

               Closing net book amount                                                              898                         160                       1,058



               At 30 June 2018

               Cost                                                                               3,514                         602                       4,116

               Accumulated depreciation                                                          (2,616)                       (442)                    (3,058)

               Net book amount                                                                      898                         160                       1,058



               Year ended 30 June 2019

               Opening net book amount                                                              898                         160                       1,058

               Additions                                                                            236                          54                          290

               Disposals                                                                               -                           -                            -

               Depreciation                                                                       (255)                         (43)                      (298)

               Closing net book amount                                                              879                         171                       1,050



               At 30 June 2019

               Cost                                                                               3,607                         656                       4,263

               Accumulated depreciation                                                          (2,728)                       (485)                    (3,213)

               Net book amount                                                                      879                         171                       1,050


              Plant and equipment includes the following amounts where the group is a lessee under a finance lease (refer to Note 13 for further details):

                                                                                                           30 June 2019                          30 June 2018
               Leased equipment                                                                                   $’000                                 $’000

               Cost                                                                                                   72                                       72

               Accumulated depreciation                                                                             (50)                                     (26)
               Net book amount                                                                                        22                                       46



              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                   67



                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   67
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              12. Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables

                                                                                                              30 June 2019                            30 June 2018
                                                                                                                     $’000                                   $’000

               Trade payables and accruals                                                                               4,098                                   3,023

               Other payables                                                                                                819                                  778




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         4,917                                   3,801


              Trade payables and accruals
              The majority of trade payables are related to expenditure associated with the group’s research and product development programs.




              13. Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Finance Lease Liabilities
              Lease liabilities are effectively secured, as the rights to the leased assets recognised in the financial statements revert to the lessor in the
              event of default.

               2019                                                       Floating
                                                                      Interest rate                                          Fixed interest rate
                                                                                            1 year           Over 1 to 2             Over 2 to 3
                                                          Notes                             or less               years                   years                  Total
                                                                                             $’000                $’000                   $’000                  $’000

               Lease liabilities                           21                    –               26                      –                     –                   26

               Weighted average interest rate                                  –%             5.8%                   –%                      –%



               2018                                                       Floating
                                                                      Interest rate                                          Fixed interest rate
                                                                                            1 year         Over 1 to 2               Over 2 to 3
                                                          Notes                             or less             years                     years                  Total
                                                                                             $’000              $’000                     $’000                  $’000

               Lease liabilities                           21                    –               26                 23                         –                   49

               Weighted average interest rate                                  –%             5.8%               5.8%                        –%




              14. Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits
                                                                                                              30 June 2019                            30 June 2018
               Leave obligations                                                                                     $’000                                   $’000

               Current                                                                                                   1,056                                    930

               Non-current                                                                                                    38                                   47

                                                                                                                         1,094                                    977


              The leave obligations cover the group’s liability for long service leave and annual leave. The current portion of this liability includes all of the
              accrued annual leave, and the unconditional entitlements to long service leave where employees have completed the required period of service.
              However, based on past experience, the group does not expect all employees to take the full amount of current accrued leave or require
              payment within the next 12 months. Current leave obligations expected to be settled after 12 months is $747,000 (2018: $636,000).

              Refer to Note 1(s) for further information.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                        68



               68       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              15. Contributed Equity
              (a) Share capital
                                                                                         2019                  2018                  2019                 2018
                                                                                       Shares                Shares                 $’000                 $’000

               Share Capital

               Ordinary shares – fully paid                                        371,694,347        370,544,775                 193,621              193,583




For personal use only
              (b) Movements in ordinary share capital

               Date            Details                                                 Number of shares                  Issue Price                      $’000
               1 Jul 2018                                                                    370,544,775                                               193,583
               5 Oct 2018      Employee performance rights plan share issue                       706,356                         $–                            –
               11 Dec 2018     Employee performance rights plan share issue                       369,411                         $–                            –
               8 Feb 2019      Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                  34,542                       $1.10                        38
               19 Mar 2019     Employee performance rights plan share issue                        39,263                         $–                            –

                               Balance at 30 June 2019                                       371,694,347                                               193,621



               Date            Details                                                 Number of shares                  Issue Price                      $’000
               1 Jul 2017                                                                    369,091,652                                               193,549
               21 Aug 2017     Employee performance rights plan share issue                        16,000                         $–                            –
               5 Oct 2017      Employee performance rights plan share issue                       556,500                         $–                            –
               12 Oct 2017     Employee performance rights plan share issue                       850,075                         $–                            –
               29 Jan 2018     Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                  24,548                       $1.38                        34
               20 Mar 2018     Employee performance rights plan share issue                          6,000                        $–                            –

                               Balance at 30 June 2018                                       370,544,775                                               193,583




              (c) Ordinary shares                                                       (e) Employee Performance Rights Plan
              As at 30 June 2019 there were 371,694,347 issued ordinary                 Information relating to the Employee Performance Rights Plan,
              shares. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in              including details of rights issued under the plan, is set out in note
              dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the company in                26.
              proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held.
              On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present at a           (f) Capital risk management
              meeting in person or by proxy, is entitled to one vote, and upon a
              poll each share is entitled to one vote. Ordinary shares have no          The group’s and the parent entity’s objectives when managing
              par value and the company does not have a limited amount of               capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going
              authorised capital. There is no current on-market share buy-back.         concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
                                                                                        shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. In order to
                                                                                        maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group may adjust the
              (d) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)                                     amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to
              Information relating to the Employee Share Plan, including details        shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets.
              of shares issued under the plan, is set out in note 26.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                  69



                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   69
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              16. Reserves

              (a) Reserves
                                                                                                              30 June 2019                     30 June 2018
                                                                                                                     $’000                            $’000

               Share-based payments reserve                                                                          16,775                           13,440

                                                                                                                     16,775                           13,440




For personal use only
              (b) Movement in reserves

                                                                                                              30 June 2019                     30 June 2018
               Share-based payments reserve                                                                          $’000                            $’000

               Balance at 1 July                                                                                     13,440                           10,896

               Performance right expense                                                                              3,334                            2,544

               Balance at 30 June                                                                                    16,775                           13,440



              (c) Nature and purpose of reserves
              The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the fair value of options and performance rights granted.




              17. Accumulated Losses
                                                                                                           30 June 2019                        30 June 2018
                                                                                                                  $’000                               $’000

               Accumulated losses balance at 1 July                                                            (153,746)                           (143,461)

               Net loss for the year                                                                            (14,254)                            (10,285)

               Accumulated losses balance at 30 June                                                           (168,001)                           (153,746)



              18. Related Party Transactions
              (a) Parent entity and subsidiaries
              The parent entity of the group is Starpharma Holdings Limited. Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 23.

              (b) Transactions with related parties
              There are related party transactions within the group between the parent and subsidiaries. Transactions include funds advanced to/from entities
              and the associated interest charge; and management and services fees. All transactions were made on an arm’s length basis.

              (c) Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                                           30 June 2019                        30 June 2018
                                                                                                                      $                                   $

               Short-term employee benefits                                                                    2,385,559                           2,311,570

               Post-employment benefits                                                                          127,034                             124,278

               Other long-term benefits                                                                           27,966                              31,599

               Share-based payments                                                                            1,819,581                           1,760,049

                                                                                                               4,360,140                           4,227,496


              Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages 19 to 40.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                               70



               70       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

              19. Remuneration of Auditors
              The company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s expertise and
              experience with the company and/or the consolidated group are important. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor
              (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit and non-audit services provided during the year are set out below. During the year the following fees were
              paid or payable for services provided by the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) of the parent entity, its related practices and non-related audit
              firms:


                                                                                                                30 June 2019                          30 June 2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                                           $                                     $

               Statutory audit services
               Audit or review of financial reports of the entity or any entity in the
               consolidated entity

                        PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                         137,537                              118,616

               Total remuneration for statutory audit services                                                         137,537                              118,616


              No other non-audit services were performed in the current or prior year.


              20. Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date

              No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2019 that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect:
              (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years; or
              (b) the results of those operations in future financial years; or
              (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.


              21. Commitments
              (a) Capital Commitments
              There is no material capital expenditure contracted not recognised as liabilities at the reporting date (2018: nil).

              (b) Lease Commitments
              Operating leases
              As at the reporting date the group leases laboratory and offices space under an operating lease until 19 December 2022. The group also leases
              office equipment generally over a three to five year term.

                                                                                                                 30 June 2019                        30 June 2018
                                                                                                                        $’000                               $’000
               Commitments for minimum lease payments in relation operating leases
               are payable as follows:

               Not later than one year                                                                                      649                                  632

               Later than one year and not later than five years                                                          1,666                               2,317

               Later than five years                                                                                           –                                   –

               Representing non-cancellable operating leases                                                              2,315                               2,949




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                       71




                                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   71
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019

               21. Commitments (continued)

               Finance Leases
               The group leases plant and equipment under a finance leases expiring within one (2018: two) years.

                                                                                                                    30 June 2019                    30 June 2018
               Commitments in relation to finance leases are payable as follows:            Notes                          $’000                           $’000

               Not later than one year                                                                                          27                               28




For personal use only
               Later than one year and not later than five years                                                                 –                               24

               Later than five years                                                                                             –                                –

               Minimum lease payments                                                                                           27                               52

               Future finance charges                                                                                          (1)                              (3)

               Recognised as a liability                                                                                        26                               49



               Representing finance lease liabilities:

               Current                                                                        13                                26                               26

               Non-Current                                                                    13                                 -                               23

                                                                                                                                26                               49

               The weighted average interest rate implicit in the lease is 5.8% (2018: 5.8%).

               (c) Termination Commitments
               The service contracts of key management personnel include benefits payable by the group on termination of the employee’s contract. Refer to
               the remuneration report for details of these commitments.



               22. Contingencies
               Starpharma has licensed VivaGel® BV in the United States to ITF Pharma and is eligible to receive up to US$101M in regulatory approval and
               commercialisation milestones, plus royalties on net sales. Upon receipt of cash proceeds under the licence, Starpharma is required to pay a
               small proportion of its receipts to an investment bank which advised on the competitive licence process, up to a maximum of US$1.35M over the
               life of the licence.

               The company has no contingent assets at 30 June 2019 (2018: nil for contingent assets and liabilities).



               23. Subsidiaries
               The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance with the
               accounting policy described in note 1(b).

                                                                                                                                                  Equity Holding

                                                                           Country of                                                2019                      2018
               Name of entity                                              Incorporation     Class of Shares                           %                         %

               Starpharma Pty Limited                                      Australia               Ordinary                      100.00%                    100.00%




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    72



               72       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019


              24. Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities
                                                                                                                 30 June 2019                   30 June 2018
                                                                                                                        $’000                          $’000

               Operating profit/(loss) after tax                                                                      (14,254)                        (10,285)

               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                               298                             311

               Foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                              (608)                           (717)




For personal use only
               Non-cash employee benefits: share-based payments                                                          3,372                           2,578
               Net gain/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                       -                               -
               Net (gain)/loss on sale of available for sale financial assets                                               (8)                               -
               Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and
               disposals of entities:

                        Decrease/(increase) in receivables and other assets                                                (23)                        (1,757)

                        (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                               (399)                                -

                        Increase/(decrease) increase in trade creditors                                                  1,140                           (847)

                        Increase in employee provisions                                                                    117                             120

                        Increase/(decrease) in deferred income                                                              21                             396

               Net cash outflows from operating activities                                                            (10,344)                        (10,201)




              25. Earnings Per Share

                                                                                                                30 June 2019                    30 June 2018

               Basic earnings/(loss) per share / Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
               Total earnings/(loss) per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
               company ($)                                                                                              (0.04)                           (0.03)



               Reconciliations of earnings/(loss) used in calculating earnings per share
               Profit/(loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share: ($’000)                                                   (14,254)                        (10,285)
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                        371,293,413                     370,136,605


              As at 30 June 2019 the company had on issue 13,183,915 (30 June 2018: 11,876,199) performance rights. The rights are not included in the
              determination of basic earnings per share. The rights are also not included in the determination of diluted earnings per share. They are not
              considered dilutive as their conversion would not increase loss per share from continuing operations.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                 73



                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   73
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019


              26. Share-Based Payments

              Performance Rights

              (a) Employee Performance Rights Plan
              In 2010 the Board approved the introduction of the Employee Performance Rights Plan (Plan), which was subsequently approved by
              shareholders at the 2011, 2014 and 2017 annual general meetings. All executives and staff, including the CEO, are eligible to
              participate in the Plan. The Plan allows for the issue of performance rights (being rights to receive fully paid ordinary shares subject to




For personal use only
              continued employment with the company and the satisfaction of certain performance hurdles over a specified period). Performance
              rights are granted under the Plan for no consideration. The objective of the Plan is to assist in the recruitment, reward, retention and
              motivation of employees of the company.

              (b) Fair value of performance rights granted
              The weighted average assessed fair value at grant date of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2019 was $1.33
              per right (2018: $0.88). There were 2,988,135 performance rights granted in the current year (2018: 4,590,600).

              The estimated fair value at grant date of rights with a Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance measure have been valued using a
              hybrid Monte-Carlo-trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute TSR target, the term of the right, the share price at
              grant date, the risk free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant index, and the
              correlation between the share price and that index. All other rights incorporate Key Performance Indicator (KPI) measures, and the fair
              value at grant date of these rights represents a volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to the grant date.


              Set out below are summaries of performance rights:
              2019
                                                      Holding                Balance          Granted        Converted          Forfeited         Balance
                                     Vesting             Lock               at start of         during          during             during         at end of
              Grant Date                Date             Date                the year         the year        the year           the year         the year
                                                                             Number           Number           Number            Number           Number
               30 Jan 2015              30 Sep 2018                    –     714,750                 –         706,356             8,394                    –
               11 Nov 2015              30 Jun 20171                   –     319,693                 –          20,368                  –         299,325
               11 Nov 2015             30 Sep 20181                    –    1,785,600                –         289,747           131,298        1,364,555
               19 Nov 2015              30 Jun 2017   1
                                                                       –     181,001                 –                –                 –         181,001
               19 Nov 2015             30 Sep 20181                    –     893,851                 –                –           57,591          836,260
               13 Oct 2016              30 Jun 20181                   –     462,284                 –          98,559            12,641          351,084
               13 Oct 2016              30 Sep 2019                    –    2,022,600                –                –           32,000        1,990,600
               29 Nov 2016              30 Jun 20181                   –     172,842                 –                –                 –         172,842
               29 Nov 2016              30 Sep 2019                    –     876,978                 –                –                 –         876,978
               10 Aug 2017               30 Jun 2019                   –     665,320                 –                –           69,370          595,950
               10 Aug 2017              30 Sep 2020                    –    2,661,280                –                –          115,200        2,546,080
               29 Nov 2017               30 Jun 2019                   –     224,121                 –                –           26,895          197,226
               29 Nov 2017              30 Sep 2020                    –     895,879                 –                –                 –         895,879

               16 Aug 2018               30 Jun 2020                   –             –        203,500                 –                 –         203,500

               16 Aug 2018              30 Sep 2021                    –             –        814,000                 –                 –         814,000

               2 Nov 2018                30 Jun 2020                   –             –        259,147                 –           22,400          236,747

               2 Nov 2018               30 Sep 2021                    –             –      1,036,587                 –           89,600          946,987

               29 Nov 2018               30 Jun 2020                   –             –        134,980                 –                 –         134,980

               29 Nov 2018              30 Sep 2021                    –             –        539,921                 –                 –         539,921

               Total                                                       11,876,199       2,988,135        1,115,030           565,389       13,183,915
              1
                  The balance of rights at end of the year have vested and remain available for employees to exercise into shares.




                           Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                               74



               74       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019



               2018
                                                           Holding          Balance            Granted     Converted           Forfeited         Balance
                                           Vesting           Lock          at start of           during       during              during         at end of
               Grant Date                    Date            Date           the year           the year     the year            the year         the year
                                                                             Number             Number        Number              Number          Number
               20 Nov 2014           30 Sep 2017      30 Sep 2018           300,000                  –       226,200               73,800                –




For personal use only
               20 Nov 2014           30 Sep 2017                 –          450,000                  –       330,300              119,700                –
               30 Jan 2015           30 Sep 2017                 –          833,875                  –       773,355               60,520                –
               30 Jan 2015           30 Sep 2018                 –          714,750                  –              –                  –          714,750
               11 Nov 2015           30 Jun 20171                –          418,413                  –         98,720                  –          319,693
               11 Nov 2015           30 Sep 2018                 –         1,849,600                 –              –              64,000       1,785,600
               19 Nov 2015           30 Jun 20171                –          181,001                  –              –                  –          181,001
               19 Nov 2015           30 Sep 2018                 –          893,851                  –              –                  –          893,851
               13 Oct 2016           30 Jun 20181                –          535,650                  –              –              73,366         462,284
               13 Oct 2016           30 Sep 2019                 –         2,142,600                 –              –             120,000       2,022,600
               29 Nov 2016           30 Jun 20181                –          223,022                  –              –              50,180         172,842
               29 Nov 2016           30 Sep 2019                 –          876,978                  –              –                  –          876,978
               10 Aug 2017           30 Jun 2019                 –                  –          694,120              –              28,800         665,320
               10 Aug 2017           30 Sep 2020                 –                  –         2,776,480             –             115,200       2,661,280
               29 Nov 2017           30 Jun 2019                 –                  –          224,121              –                  –          224,121
               29 Nov 2017           30 Sep 2020                 –                  –          895,879              –                  –          895,879

               Total                                                       9,419,740          4,590,600     1,428,575             705,566     11,876,199
              1
                  The balance of rights at end of the year have vested and remain available for employees to exercise into shares.



              Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2019 is as follows:


               Right grant date                              16 August 2018              16 August 2018        16 August 2018           2 November 2018
               Number of rights granted                               203,500                   691,900                 122,100                   259,147
               Vesting date                                    30 June 2020        30 September 2021       30 September 2021                30 June 2020
               Performance Measure                                        KPIs                     KPIs                    TSR                        KPIs
               Expected price volatility of the
               company's shares                                           50%                      50%                     50%                        50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                  1.76%                    2.04%                    2.04%                     1.71%
               Expected dividend yield                                       –                        –                        –                          –
               Share price at grant date                                 $1.26                    $1.26                   $1.26                      $1.39
               Assessed fair value                                       $1.26                    $1.26                   $0.85                      $1.39



               Right grant date                           2 November 2018           29 November 2018       29 November 2018           29 November 2018
               Number of rights granted                              1,036,587                  134,980                 377,945                   161,976
               Vesting date                              30 September 2021                  30 June 2020   30 September 2021          30 September 2021
               Performance Measure                                       KPIs                      KPIs                   KPIs                        TSR
               Expected price volatility of the
               company's shares                                          50%                        50%                    50%                        50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                  2.05%                     1.68%                  2.01%                      2.01%
               Expected dividend yield                                      –                         –                       –                          –
               Share price at grant date                                $1.39                      $1.48                  $1.48                     $1.48
               Assessed fair value                                      $1.39                      $1.48                  $1.48                     $1.13




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                  75


                                                                                                                         STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   75
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019



              26. Share-Based Payments (continued)

              Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2018 is as follows:


               Right grant date                                   10 August 2017       10 August 2017          10 August 2017        29 November 2017
               Number of rights granted                                    694,120           2,574,040                 202,440                   224,121




For personal use only
               Vesting date                                          30 June 2019    30 September 2020      30 September 2020               30 June 2019
               Performance Measure                                           KPIs                KPIs                      TSR                       KPIs
               Expected price volatility of the
               company's shares                                               50%                 50%                      50%                       50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                      1.84%               2.14%                    2.14%                     1.60%
               Expected dividend yield                                          –                    –                         –                        –
               Share price at grant date                                     $0.77               $0.77                    $0.77                     $1.29
               Assessed fair value                                           $0.77               $0.77                    $0.54                     $1.29



               Right grant date                               29 November 2017       29 November 2017
               Number of rights granted                                    627,115             268,764
               Vesting date                                   30 September 2020      30 September 2020
               Performance Measure                                            KPIs                TSR
               Expected price volatility of the
               company's shares                                               50%                 50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                      1.83%               1.83%
               Expected dividend yield                                           –                   –
               Share price at grant date                                     $1.29               $1.29
               Assessed fair value                                           $1.29               $1.23

              Share price volatility and the risk-free interest rate are obtained through an independent valuation.



              Shares
              (a) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)
              All staff are eligible to participate in the Starpharma Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan). The objective of the $1,000 Plan is to assist in
              the reward, retention and motivation of employees of the group. An annual allocation of up to $1,000 of shares may be granted and
              taxed on a concessional basis. Shares are granted under the $1,000 Plan for no consideration and are escrowed for 3 years whilst
              participants are employed by the group.

              (b) Fair value of shares granted
              The weighted average fair value at grant date of shares granted under the $1,000 Plan during the year ended 30 June 2019 was $1.10
              (2018: $1.38 per share). The fair value at grant date is determined by the share price on the date of grant. These shares were granted
              for no consideration. There was no allocation of shares under the plan to key management personnel.

              Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2019 is as follows:

               Share grant date                                                                                                        8 February 2019
               Number of shares granted                                                                                                           34,542
               Share price at grant date                                                                                                           $1.10
               Assessed fair value                                                                                                                 $1.10




                          Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                              76


               76       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2019


              Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2018 is as follows:

               Share grant date                                                                                                       29 January 2018
               Number of shares granted                                                                                                          24,548
               Share price at grant date                                                                                                           $1.38
               Assessed fair value                                                                                                                 $1.38




For personal use only
              Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
              Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the period were as follows:

                                                                                                       30 June 2019                       30 June 2018
                                                                                                              $’000                              $’000

               Employee shares issued                                                                           38                                    34

               Employee performance rights issued                                                             3,334                                2,544

                                                                                                              3,372                                2,578




              27. Parent Entity Financial Information

              (a) Summary financial information
              The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                                                                Parent

                                                                                                       30 June 2019                      30 June 2018
                                                                                                              $'000                             $'000
                Balance Sheet
                Current assets                                                                               37,897                             47,506
                Total assets                                                                                 37,897                             47,506
                Current liabilities                                                                             630                                 710
                Total liabilities                                                                               630                                 710
                Shareholders’ equity
                Contributed equity                                                                          193,621                            193,583
                Reserves                                                                                     16,266                             12,898
                Accumulated losses                                                                         (172,619)                         (159,685)
                Loss for the year                                                                           (12,935)                           (12,513)
                Total comprehensive income                                                                  (12,935)                           (12,513)


              (b) Contingencies of the parent entity
              The parent entity has no contingent assets or liabilities at 30 June 2019 (2018: nil).




                        Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                77



                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   77
              Directors’ Declaration for the year ended 30 June 2019




              In the directors’ opinion:

              (a) the financial statements and notes set out on pages 49 to 77 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                    (i) complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements; and




For personal use only
                    (ii) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2019 and of its performance for the financial year
                         ended on that date; and

              (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.

              Note 1(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
              Accounting Standards Board.

              The directors have been given the declarations by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer required by section 295A of the Corporations
              Act 2001.

              This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




              Rob Thomas AM
              Chairman
              Melbourne, 28 August 2019




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                      78



               78       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
             Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

             [Page 1]




                 Independent
               Independent   auditor’s
                           auditor’s   report
                                     report




For personal use only
                   To the
               To the     shareholders
                      members   of     of Starpharma
                                   Starpharma        Holdings
                                               Holdings LimitedLimited

                 Report
               Report onon
                        thethe audit
                            audit of of
                                     thethe financial
                                         annual       reportreport
                                                 financial
               OurOur opinion
                   opinion
                   In our
               In our     opinion:
                      opinion:
               TheThe  accompanying
                   accompanying        financial
                                    annual       report
                                           financial    of Starpharma
                                                      report           Holdings
                                                             of Starpharma       Limited
                                                                            Holdings     (the Company)
                                                                                     Limited             and its
                                                                                              (the Company)   andcontrolled
                                                                                                                   its
                  entitiesentity
               controlled  (together the the
                                 (togetherGroup) is in is in
                                               Group)  accordance  with the
                                                             accordance     Corporations
                                                                         with the        Act 2001,
                                                                                  Corporations      including:
                                                                                                Act 2001, including:
                    givinggiving
               (a) (a)     a trueaand
                                   truefair
                                         and  fairof
                                            view   view
                                                     theof the Group's
                                                         Group's       financial
                                                                 financial       position
                                                                           position       as at
                                                                                    as at 30    30 June
                                                                                             June  2019 2017   itsof
                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                        and of       its financial
                                                                                                                  financial
                          performance
                    performance   for thefor thethen
                                           year   year then
                                                       endedended
               (b) (b)    complying
                    complying        with Australian
                               with Australian       Accounting
                                               Accounting         Standards
                                                           Standards   and theand the Corporations
                                                                                Corporations       Regulations
                                                                                             Regulations 2001.2001.
                   What we have audited
               What    we have audited
                   The Group financial report comprises:
               The Group annual financial report comprises:
                         the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2017
               ●      the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2019
               ●  the the    consolidated
                          consolidated     income
                                       income      statement
                                               statement  for for
                                                              thethe year
                                                                  year thenthen  ended
                                                                             ended
               ●         the the consolidated
                              consolidated       statement
                                             statement of of comprehensive
                                                          comprehensive      income
                                                                          income  for for
                                                                                       thethe year
                                                                                           year    thended
                                                                                                then   ended
               ●         the consolidated   statement of changes in equity for the year  then ended
                              the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
               ●          the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
                             the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
               ●          the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant
                             the notes to
                          accounting       the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant
                                      policies
                              accounting policies
               ●          the directors’ declaration.
                             the directors’ declaration.
               Basis for opinion
                 Basis for opinion
               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                   We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
               those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the annual
                   those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
               financial report section of our report.
                   report section of our report.
               We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
               our opinion.
                  our opinion.
               Independence
                   Independence
               We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                   We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
               Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                   Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
               Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to
                   Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to
               our our
                   audit of the
                       audit    annual
                             of the     financial
                                    financial     report
                                              report     in Australia.
                                                     in Australia.     We have
                                                                   We have also also  fulfilled
                                                                                fulfilled       our other
                                                                                           our other      ethical
                                                                                                     ethical responsibilities in
               responsibilities in accordance
                   accordance with the Code.    with the Code.


                        Our audit approach
                        An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
                        material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if


                   PricewaterhouseCoopers,
                      PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN    ABN 5252 780
                                                            780  433433
                                                                     757 757
                   2 2
                    Riverside
                       RiversideQuay, SOUTHBANKVIC
                                 Quay, SOUTHBANK        VIC3006,
                                                             3006,
                                                                 GPOGPO
                                                                     Box Box
                                                                          1331,1331, MELBOURNE
                                                                                MELBOURNE        VIC 3001
                                                                                           VIC 3001
                   T: T:
                      6161
                         338603
                            86031000,
                                  1000, F: 61
                                           61 338603
                                                 86031999,
                                                       1999, www.pwc.com.au
                                                           www.pwc.com.au
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                   Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.



                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   79

             Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                    79
             Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

             [Page 2]




                        individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
               Ourusers
                   audit   approach
                        taken on the basis of the financial report.




For personal use only
               An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the annual financial report is free
               fromWe  tailoredmisstatement.
                     material   the scope of our   audit to ensure
                                                 Misstatements      thatarise
                                                                  may     we performed  enough
                                                                              due to fraud       workThey
                                                                                           or error.  to beare
                                                                                                            able to give an material
                                                                                                               considered
               if opinion   on or
                 individually  theinfinancial report
                                      aggregate,  theyas a whole,
                                                       could      taking into
                                                              reasonably    be account
                                                                               expectedthe  geographicthe
                                                                                         to influence  and  management
                                                                                                          economic   decisions of
                   structure
               users taken onofthe
                                the basis
                                     Group,
                                          of its
                                              theaccounting  processes
                                                  annual financial       and controls and the industry in which it operates.
                                                                     report.

               We The   Group
                   tailored theoperates
                                scope ofinour
                                           theaudit
                                               biotechnology
                                                    to ensureindustry, undertaking
                                                              that we performed    development
                                                                                 enough  work oofbedendrimer   technology
                                                                                                     able to give an opinion
                   for pharmaceutical, life science and other applications. The Group owns a portfolio of proprietary
               on the annual financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure
                   technology with applications in different stages between development and commercialisation.
               of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.

               The Group operates in the biotechnology industry, undertaking development of dendrimer technology for
               pharmaceutical, life science and other applications. The Group owns a portfolio of proprietary technology
               with applications in different stages between development and commercialisation.




                                       Materiality                                    Audit scope                          Key audit matters

                     For the purpose of our audit we used                  Our audit focused on where the         Amongst other relevant topics, we
                      overall Group materiality of $0.76                     Group made subjective judgements;       communicated the following key
                      million, which represents approximately                for example, significant accounting     audit matters to the Audit and Risk
                      5% of the Group’s adjusted loss before                 estimates involving assumptions         Committee:
                      tax.                                                   and inherently uncertain future
                                                                             events.                              Disposal of Starpharma
                                 Materiality                                        Audit scope                     Key audit matters
                                                                                                                   Agrochemicals
                  We applied this threshold, together with
                   qualitative considerations, to determine                All audit procedures are performed    Research and development tax
                 ● theFor   the purpose of our audit we
                        scope of our audit and the nature,
                                                                        ● Our audit focused on where the
                                                                            by PwC Australia, consistent with
                                                                                                                ● incentive
                                                                                                                   Amongst other relevant
                      used overall Group materiality of                    Group made subjective                   topics, we communicated
                   timing    and extent   of represents
                                             our audit procedures           the location of                       These are further described in the
                      $730,000,      which                                 judgements;   forGroup   management
                                                                                             example,              the following key audit
                   and   to  evaluate  the  effect
                      approximately 5% of he Group’sof                      and  financial records.
                                                                           significant accounting estimates        Key audit
                                                                                                                   matters  tomatters section
                                                                                                                              the Audit and of our
                   misstatements
                      loss before tax.on  the  financial     report  as a  involving  assumptions    and           report.
                                                                                                                   Risk Committee:
                   whole.                                                  inherently
                                                                           We         uncertain
                                                                                tailored the      future
                                                                                             scope of our audit
                 ● We applied this threshold,                              events.
                                                                            taking into account the accounting
                                                                                                                   − Research and
                      together with qualitative                                                                         development Tax
                  We chose Group adjusted loss before tax ● All            processes
                                                                               audit and    controls,
                                                                                     procedures   areand the
                      considerations, to determine the                                                                  Incentive
                   because,
                      scope of in our
                                  our audit
                                       view, it
                                              andis the
                                                    the benchmark
                                                          nature,           industry inby
                                                                           performed    which
                                                                                           PwCthe   Group
                                                                                                Australia,
                                                                                                                   − Revenue Recognition
                   against
                      timing  which  the performance
                                and extent    of our audit   of the        consistent
                                                                            operates. with the location of
                                                                                                                        under AASB 15
                   Group is    most and
                      procedures      commonly      measured.
                                           to evaluate      the We         Group management and
                                                                                                                        Revenue from
                      effect of
                   adjusted      misstatements
                               for the  impact of the on the
                                                           gain on         financial records.
                                                                                                                        Contracts with
                      annualoffinancial
                   disposal       Starpharmareport   as a whole. as
                                                  Agrochemicals                                                         Customers
                                                                        ● We tailored the scope of our
                 ● theWefinancial   statement
                           chose Group      lossline   itemtax
                                                  before       is not      audit taking into account the        ● These are further
                   expected
                      because, to in
                                   reoccur  and has
                                     our view,    it is athe               accounting processes and                described in the Key audit
                   disproportionate
                      benchmark          impact
                                      against      on the
                                                which     thearnings       controls, and the industry in           matters section of our
                      performance
                   result for          of the Group is most
                                the period.                                which the Group operates.               report.
                      commonly measured.
                 ● WeWe
                       utilised a 5%
                         utilised     threshold
                                   a 5%         based
                                         threshold    on our
                                                   based
                        professional   judgement,
                          on our professional      noting it is
                                                 judgement,
                        within
                          notingtheit is
                                     range  of the
                                              commonly
                                         within           acceptable
                                                    range of
                          commonly
                        profit           acceptable in the
                               related thresholds    thresholds.
                        biotechnology industry.



                                                                                                                                 Page 80 of 88




               80       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019


             Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                80
            Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

            [Page 3]




               KeyKey audit
                   audit    matters
                         matters




For personal use only
               KeyKey   audit
                    audit     matters
                          matters   are are those
                                        those      matters
                                               matters      that,
                                                        that,      in our
                                                              in our      professional
                                                                       professional      judgement,
                                                                                     judgement,      were
                                                                                                  were    of most
                                                                                                       of most     significance
                                                                                                                significance      in
                                                                                                                               in our
                   our audit  of the financial  report for the  current  period.  The  key  audit matters were  addressed
               audit of the annual financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the    in  the
                   context
               context     of our
                       of our  auditaudit of the
                                      of the     financial
                                             annual        report
                                                     financial      as a as
                                                                 report  whole,  and and
                                                                            a whole,  in forming  our opinion
                                                                                           in forming          thereon,
                                                                                                      our opinion       and we
                                                                                                                   thereon,   anddowe
                   notprovide
               do not  provideaaseparate
                                   separate opinion
                                             opinion on
                                                      on these
                                                         these matters.
                                                                 matters. Further,
                                                                            Further, any
                                                                                     any commentary
                                                                                          commentary onon the
                                                                                                           the outcomes
                                                                                                               outcomes ofof aa
                   particular
               particular auditaudit procedure
                                 procedure    is is
                                                mademade
                                                       in in
                                                          thatthat  context.
                                                               context.

                 KeyKey audit
                     audit    matter
                           matter                                                      How
                                                                                 How our   ouraddressed
                                                                                         audit audit addressed
                                                                                                        the keythe keymatter
                                                                                                                audit audit matter

                     Disposal of Starpharma Agrochemicals (Refer to
                 Research and Development Tax Incentive
                     note
                 (Refer  to23)
                            note 3 critical accounting estimates and
                 judgements,
                     During Junenote2017
                                      6 expenses  anddisposed
                                          the Group     note 9 current
                                                                  of the Starpharma         We read the Starpharma Agrochemicals share sale and
                 assets - trade and other receivables)
                     Agrochemical business and associated net assets with                   purchase agreement (SPA) to obtain an understanding of
                     carrying value of $7.5m for a cash consideration of $35     We havethe     terms ofthe
                                                                                            performed      thefollowing
                                                                                                                transaction  and performed
                                                                                                                          procedures            the following
                                                                                                                                         to assess
                 The Group’s research and development (R&D)
                     million,
                 activities areas described
                                eligible for ain note 23, tax
                                               refundable  realising  a gain of the
                                                                 offset         $24.7Group’sprocedures:
                                                                                                estimate of the R&D Tax Incentive
                     million
                 under        within the
                        an Australian      consolidated
                                         Government       income
                                                        Tax               The receivable as at 30 June 2019:
                                                                   statement.
                                                             Incentive.
                 Group has assessed these activities and related                 ● compared       theAssessed
                                                                                                        estimatethe recorded   in the and
                                                                                                                       presentation    financial
                                                                                                                                            disclosure of the
                 expenditure
                     On        to the
                          disposaldetermine    their eligibility
                                        accumulated    foreign under
                                                                 currencythetranslationstatements as at 30     June 2018 to
                                                                                                       Agrochemicals            the as a
                                                                                                                         business    amount of
                                                                                                                                          discontinued
                 incentive  scheme.                                                    cash received after lodgement of the R&D Tax
                     reserve  (FCTR) of $1.3 million related to Dendritic                              operation against the requirements of the
                                                                                       Incentive claim to assess historical accuracy of the
                     Nanotechnologies Inc has been recycled to the                     estimate;       relevant Australian Accounting Standards.
                 The R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded as at 30
                     consolidated    income   statement.
                 June 2019 was $4.90 million and $5.07 million was               ●     compared     the nature of the underlying R&D
                 recognised as contra R&D expense in the income                                   included
                                                                                       expenditure     Obtainedin the
                                                                                                                   managements
                                                                                                                         current yearcalculation
                                                                                                                                         estimateof the gain
                     This is a
                 statement   forkey
                                 theaudit  matter
                                      period  endedue30to  the fact
                                                         June  2019.that the           to the prior year   estimate;
                                                                                                       on disposal   and agreed:
                     transaction is material to the financial statements. ● assessed the nature of the expenses against the
                 This is a key audit matter due to:                                    eligibility criteria oof the  R&D
                                                                                                                  Cash    Tax Incentive
                                                                                                                        proceeds    to the SPA and bank
                 ● the significance of the amount receivable as at                     programme;
                                                                                                                  records
                      30 June 2019; and                                          ● agreed the eligible expenditure in the estimate to
                 ● the degree of judgement and interpretation of                       the general ledgeroor otherMaterial  transaction
                                                                                                                        underlying         costs incurred to
                                                                                                                                      accounting
                      the R&D tax legislation required by the Group                    records;                   bank  records
                      to assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure           ● obtained copies ofo Net    correspondence
                                                                                                                       assets with      the to the SPA and
                                                                                                                              transferred
                      under the scheme.                                                company’s external tax       advisor
                                                                                                                  their valueand   agreed
                                                                                                                               to the      the financial
                                                                                                                                       Group’s
                                                                                       advice to the R&D TaxrecordsIncentive calculation for the
                                                                                       current financial year; and
                                                                                                            o FCTR to the Group’s financial records
                                                                                 ● assessed the classification of the amount in the
                                                                                       financial statements.
                                                                                                      Agreed the calculation of the results of
                                                                                                       discontinued operations for both the current
                                                                                                       year and prior year to the Group’s financial
                                                                                                       records.

                                                                                                    Assessed management’s rationale and
                                                                                                     judgement in determining the classification of
                                                                                                     the gain on disposal in the Group’s income tax
                                                                                                     provision calculations.




                                                                                                                                        Page 81 of 88




                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   81

            Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                                81
             Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

             [Page 4]




                    Key audit matter                                              How
                                                                                    How
                                                                                      ourour
                                                                                          audit
                                                                                             audit
                                                                                                addressed
                                                                                                   addressed
                                                                                                          thethe
                                                                                                              keykey
                                                                                                                  audit
                                                                                                                     audit
                                                                                                                        matter
                                                                                                                           matter




For personal use only
                 Revenue recognition under AASB 15
                 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                 (Refer
                      Keyto note
                             audit  1 Significant
                                       matter Accounting Policies and                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                 note 5 revenue and other income)
                      Research and development tax incentive (Refer                  We have performed the following procedures to assess
                 The to
                      Group   recognises
                          note 3   critical licensing,
                                             accountingroyalty     and
                                                           estimates)                the Group’s revenue recognition as at 1 July 2018 and
                 research revenues from arrangements with                            for the period ended 30 June 2019:
                 commercial partners.                                                ● obtained an understanding of the Group’s
                      Starpharma’s research and development (R&D)                             We tested management’s estimate of the R&D Tax
                                                                                          contractual arrangements with commercial
                      activities    are  eligible for a refundable    tax  offset under an    Incentive
                                                                                          partners,      receivable
                                                                                                    focusing  on thetoidentification
                                                                                                                        assess the amount
                                                                                                                                       of     accrued as at
                 On 1 July 2018, the Group adopted AASB 15
                      Australian
                 Revenue              Government
                           from Contracts         withtax incentive.using
                                                        Customers      Management
                                                                             the      has     30 June 2017.
                                                                                          performance         As part of
                                                                                                        obligations,      our procedures
                                                                                                                       license arrangements we: and
                 modified   retrospective
                      assessed                 approach.
                                   these activities   and The     Group to
                                                           expenditure    hasdetermine the associated recognition of fixed and variable
                      their eligibility under the incentive scheme. The R&D consideration,
                 assessed  the   impact     of AASB    15 on  the                                         royalty the
                                                                                                       Compared    income   and product
                                                                                                                         estimate  recordedsales;
                                                                                                                                              in the
                 measurement        and   recognition   of revenue   from            ● evaluated thefinancial
                                                                                                          Group’sstatements
                                                                                                                   impact assessment
                                                                                                                                as at 30  of the2016 to the
                                                                                                                                          June
                      Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30
                 existing contractual arrangements. Based on the                          adoption of AASB 15 and the conclusions reached
                      June 2017 was $3.5 million.                                                      amount of cash received after lodgement of the
                 assessment, the Group concluded there was no                        ● evaluated the appropriateness of Group’s new
                                                                                                       R&D Tax
                                                                                          accounting policy;   andIncentive claim to assess historical
                 material impact on the group’s profit or loss, nor
                      This  is  a key   audit  matter   due
                 have there been any adjustments to opening  to the fact  that the   ●    evaluated    accuracy
                                                                                                     the  adequacyof of
                                                                                                                     thedisclosures
                                                                                                                          estimate. in the annual
                 retained  earnings
                      amount      accruedas at
                                             in1the
                                                 July  2018. statements is material financial report required under AASB 15.
                                                    financial
                      and there is a degree of judgement and interpretation of                        Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                 The the
                      GroupR&Dhastax recognised
                                        legislation$1.65   million
                                                     required   by of  revenue to
                                                                    management                         included in the current year estimate to the
                 fromassess
                       contracts     with customers
                               the eligibility   of the for
                                                         R&D thexpenditure
                                                                  period ended under the               prior year estimate.
                 30 June 2019.
                      scheme.
                                                                                                      Assessed the nature of the expenses against the
                 This is a key audit matter due to the nature of the
                                                                                                       eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                 Group’s contractual arrangements and complexity
                 of applying the new accounting standard to those                                      programme.
                 contractual arrangements.
                                                                                                   Agreed the eligible expenditure in the estimate
                                                                                                    to the general ledger.

               Other information                                                               
                                                                                   Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                   ATO related to the claim and agreed the
                                                                                   assessment tocomprises
               The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information    management’sthe estimate.
                                                                                                                 information
               included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2019, but does not include the annual financial
               report and our auditor’s report thereon.                         Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                  company’s external tax specialist and agreed
               Our opinion on the annual financial report does not cover the otherthe advice to theand
                                                                                   information      current calculation
                                                                                                       accordingly   weand
                                                                                                                        do the
               not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.              2016 lodgement.


               In connection with our audit of the annual financial report, our responsibility
                                                                                    Assessed theisclassification
                                                                                                    to read theofother
                                                                                                                  the amount in the
                                                                                    financial statements.
               information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
               annual financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
               misstated.

               If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
               this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
               required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                                                        Page 82 of 88




               82       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019


             Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                   82
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 5]




               Responsibilities of the directors for the annual financial report




For personal use only
               The Other
                    directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the annual financial report that gives
                             information
               a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
               and The   directors
                    for such       are control
                              internal responsible  fordirectors
                                               as the   the otherdetermine
                                                                   information.  The othertoinformation
                                                                             is necessary                 comprises the
                                                                                             enable the preparation    of the
                    Chairman’s   Letter to shareholders,   CEO’s  Report,  Corporate  and Social  Responsibility,
               annual financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement,     Director’s
                                                                                                                       whether due
                    Report,
               to fraud      Operating and Financial Review, Corporate Governance Statement, Shareholder Information,
                         or error.
                    Intellectual Property Report and Corporate Directory included in the Group’s annual report for the year
                    ended 30the
               In preparing    June 2017 financial
                                  annual   but does report,
                                                    not include  the financial
                                                             the directors      report and our
                                                                           are responsible  for auditor’s
                                                                                                assessingreport  thereon.
                                                                                                           the ability of the
               Group to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
                   Our
               using theopinion  on the financial
                         going concern            report doesunless
                                         basis of accounting  not cover
                                                                    the the other information
                                                                        directors either intendand  accordingly
                                                                                                to liquidate thewe do not
                                                                                                                Group  or to
                   express any  form  of assurance  conclusion thereon.
               cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
               Auditor’s  responsibilities for the audit of the annual financial report
                  identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
               Our with   the are
                    objectivesfinancial report or our
                                    to obtain         knowledge
                                              reasonable          obtained
                                                           assurance  about in the audit,
                                                                             whether  the or otherwise
                                                                                          annual        appears
                                                                                                   financial      to as
                                                                                                             report  be a whole
                                                                                                                        materially
                                                                                                                                is
                    misstated.
               free from   material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
               includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
               auditIf,conducted
                        based on the  work we have
                                  in accordance     performed,
                                                 with            we conclude
                                                       the Australian  Auditingthat there is will
                                                                                 Standards   a material
                                                                                                  alwaysmisstatement    of this
                                                                                                         detect a material
                    other  information,  we are required  to report that fact. We  have nothing   to report in this regard.
               misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
               individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
               usersResponsibilities
                       taken on the basisof
                                          of the directors
                                             the annual       for the
                                                         financial     financial report
                                                                   report.
                   The directors
               A further           of the
                         description      Company
                                       of our        are responsible
                                              responsibilities for thefor the of
                                                                       audit  preparation
                                                                                 the annualofinancial
                                                                                              the financial
                                                                                                      reportreport  that gives
                                                                                                              is located  at thea
                   true and  fair view  in accordance  with Australian
               Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:        Accounting   Standards  and  Corporations    Act 2001 and
                   for such internal   control as the directors determine   is necessary to enable  the preparation
               http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our auditor'sof the
                   financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to
               report.
                   fraud or error.

               Report  on the
                 In preparing    remuneration
                              the financial report, the report
                                                        directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
               Ourgoing
                   opinion   on basis
                        concern the remuneration       report
                                      of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                  operations,
               We have auditedorthe
                                 have no realistic report
                                    remuneration   alternative but toindo
                                                          included        so. 19 to 40 of the directors’ report for the year
                                                                        pages
               ended 30 June 2019.
                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
               In our opinion, the remuneration report of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June 2019
                   Our objectives
               complies             are300A
                          with section    to obtain   reasonable
                                                 of the            assurance
                                                        Corporations          about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                                                                        Act 2001.
                   from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                   includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
               Responsibilities
                   audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
               The misstatement
                   directors of the when    it exists.
                                      Company       areMisstatements
                                                        responsible forcan
                                                                         thearise from fraud
                                                                             preparation  andorpresentation
                                                                                                error and areofconsidered  material
                                                                                                                the remuneration
                   if, in
               report  individually
                          accordance or in
                                       with the  aggregate,
                                               section         of the
                                                        300Athey      Corporations
                                                                   could             Act 2001.
                                                                         reasonably be  expected
                                                                                               Ourto influence the is to
                                                                                                    responsibility economic
                                                                                                                         express an
                   decisions
               opinion   on theof users  taken on the
                                remuneration             basis
                                                   report,     of the
                                                           based      financial
                                                                   on our audit report.
                                                                                 conducted in accordance with Australian
               Auditing Standards.
                   A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the
                   Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                   http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our
                   auditor's report.
               PricewaterhouseCoopers



               Jon Roberts                                                                                         Melbourne
               Partner                                                                                         28 August 2019
                                                                                                                         Page 83 of 88




                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   83
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                              83
               Shareholder Information

               The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 20 August 2019.

               Supplementary information as required by ASX listing requirements.


               A. Distribution of Equity Shareholders
               Analysis of numbers of equity security holders by size of holding




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       Class of equity security

                                                                                                             Shares        Performance rights

                1 –1,000                                                                                       1,426                            –
                1,001–5,000                                                                                    2,194                            –
                5,001–10,000                                                                                   1,029                            –
                10,001–100,000                                                                                 1,488                        17
                100,000 and over                                                                                 254                        23

                Total                                                                                          6,391                        40


               There were 438 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.




               B. Equity Security Holders
               The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:
                                                                                                                             Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                  Percentage
                          Name                                                                         Number held          of issued shares

               1.         HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                     120,843,433                     32.51
               2.         JP Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                       46,926,351                     12.62
               3.         Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                  24,264,350                      6.53
               4.         BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                  8,477,974                      2.28
               5.         National Nominees Limited                                                       7,226,778                      1.94
               6.         T & N Argyrides Investments P/L <Super Fund A/C>                                5,122,092                      1.38
               7.         Mirrabooka Investments Limited                                                  3,979,571                      1.07
               8.         Applecross Secretarial Services Pty Ltd <L Gorr Family A/C>                     3,361,550                      0.90
               9          Ms Jacinth Fairley                                                              3,252,386                      0.87
               10.        Mr Peter Murray Jackson                                                         3,250,000                      0.87
               11.         Mr Kingsley Bryan Bartholomew                                                  2,517,072                      0.68
               12.        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited - A/C 2                               2,437,681                      0.66
               13.        Dollar Coin Investments <Cousins Discretionary A/C>                             1,994,850                      0.54
               14.        AMCIL Limited                                                                   1,930,000                      0.52
               15.        Merrill Lynch (Australia) Nominees Pty Limited                                  1,670,152                      0.45
               16.        Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation                    1,448,798                      0.39
               17.        Mr Mario Thomas Argyrides                                                       1,439,900                      0.39
               18.        Mr David Michael Hosey + Mrs Andrea Jane Hosey                                  1,361,246                      0.37
               19.        Mr Nicholas Wheeler                                                             1,350,000                      0.36
               20.         BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>                          1,231,660                      0.33
                                                                                                        244,085,844                     65.66




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                              84



               84       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                Shareholder Information


                                                                                                          Unquoted equity securities over ordinary shares

                Name                                                                                       Number on issue                 Number of holders
                Employee Performance Rights                                                                       13,098,519                                  40




For personal use only
                C. Substantial Holders
                Substantial shareholders with a shareholding greater than 5% as shown in substantial shareholder notices received by the company as at 31
                July 2019:


                                                                                                                                              Ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                                 Percentage of
                Name                                                                                           Number held                        issue shares
                Allan Gray Australia Pty Ltd                                                                      49,041,042                               13.36

                M&G Investment Funds                                                                              37,069,789                               13.06




                D. Voting Rights
                The voting rights attached to each class of equity securities are set out below:
                (a) Ordinary shares              On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and on a poll
                                                 each share shall have one vote.
                (b) Performance Rights           No voting rights.




                Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                85



                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   85
              Intellectual Property Report


              The Starpharma patent portfolio currently has around 15 active patent families with over 130 granted patents and more than 30 patent
              applications pending.


              Key patents within the Starpharma portfolio as at 31 July 2019:


                                                                             Priority Date &




For personal use only
                                         Title                                                        Patents Granted              Applications Pending
                                                                           Publication Number

                    VivaGel® Patent Portfolio
                    Anionic Or Cationic Dendrimer                          14 September 1998     Australia, Canada, Europe,
                    Antimicrobial Or Antiparasitic                            WO00/15240        Japan, Mexico, New Zealand,
                    Compositions                                                                Singapore, South Korea, USA

                    Agents For The Prevention & Treatment                    30 March 2001        Australia, Brazil, Canada,
                    Of Sexually Transmitted Diseases                         WO02/079299         China, Europe, Hong Kong,
                                                                                                Japan, Mexico, New Zealand,
                                                                                                Singapore, South Korea, USA

                    Microbicidal Dendrimer Composition                      18 October 2005      Australia, Canada, Europe,
                    Delivery System (Condom related)                        WO2007/045009         Hong Kong, India, Japan,
                                                                                                   Malaysia, Mexico, New
                                                                                                Zealand, Russian Federation,
                                                                                                 South Korea, Taiwan, USA
                    Contraceptive Composition                               22 March 2006        Australia, Canada, China,
                                                                            WO2007/106944           Europe, Japan, USA

                    Method Of Treatment Or Prophylaxis Of                    16 May 2011        Australia, China, Israel, Japan,   Brazil, Canada, Europe,
                    Bacterial Vaginosis                                     WO2012/000891           Mexico, Russia, USA            Hong Kong, India, South
                                                                                                                                            Korea


                    Method of Treatment or Prophylaxis of                  13 September 2012     China, Europe, Hong Kong,              Canada, India
                    Infection of the Eye                                    WO2014/043576               Japan, USA

                    Method of Prophylaxis of Zika Virus                      15 May 2016                                            ARIPO, OAPI (Africa),
                    Infection                                               WO2017/190193                                          Brazil, Mexico, Thailand,
                                                                                                                                             USA
                    Drug Delivery Patent Portfolio (includes DEP® Patents)
                    Macromolecules Compounds Having                         25 October 2005      Australia, Canada, Europe,
                    Controlled Stoichiometry                                WO2007/048190                    USA

                    Modified Macromolecules                                 20 January 2006       Australia, Canada, China,          Europe, Hong Kong
                                                                            WO2007/082431            India, Japan, USA

                    Targeted Polylysine Dendrimer                           11 August 2006               China, USA                     Europe, India
                    Therapeutic Agent                                       WO2008/017125

                    Macromolecules (Drug linkers)                            6 June 2011        Australia, China, Japan, South     Brazil, Canada, Europe,
                                                                            WO2012/167309                 Korea, USA                  Hong Kong, India

                    Dendrimer Drug Conjugates                                6 June 2014                                             Europe, India, USA
                                                                            WO 2015/184510




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                                   86



               86       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
               Corporate Directory



               Company name                                                  Solicitors
               Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Norton Rose Fulbright
               ABN 20 078 532 180                                            RACV Tower, 485 Bourke Street
                                                                             Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia

               Directors




For personal use only
                                                                             Stock exchange listing
               R B Thomas AO – Chairman
               J K Fairley – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director   ASX Limited
                                                                             Level 4, North Tower, Rialto, 525 Collins Street,
               P R Turvey                                                    Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia
               R A Hazleton
               Z Peach                                                       ASX Code: SPL


               Company Secretary                                             Starpharma’s American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) trade under
                                                                             the code SPHRY (CUSIP number 855563102). Each Starpharma
               Nigel Baade                                                   ADR is equivalent to ten ordinary shares of Starpharma as traded
                                                                             on the ASX. The Bank of New York Mellon is the depositary bank.
               Registered office                                             Starpharma’s ADRs are listed on OTCQX International
               4-6 Southampton Crescent                                      (www.otcmarkets.com), a premium market tier in the U.S. for
               Abbotsford, Victoria 3067 Australia                           international exchange-listed companies, operated by OTC
                                                                             Markets Group.
               Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
               Fax +61 3 9510 5955
                                                                             Website address
                                                                             www.starpharma.com
               Postal address
               PO Box 2022
               Preston VIC 3072 Australia


               Share register
               Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
               452 Johnston Street, Abbotsford VIC 3067

               GPO Box 2975
               Melbourne, VIC 3001

               1300 850 505 (within Australia)
               +613 9415 4000 (outside Australia)
               www.computershare.com


               Auditor
               PricewaterhouseCoopers
               2 Riverside Quay
               Southbank VIC 3006 Australia




               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019                                                                                    87



                                                                                                        STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019   87
For personal use only

               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED
               ABN 20 078 532 180
               4-6 Southampton Crescent
               Abbotsford
               VIC 3067 Australia
               Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
               www.starpharma.com
