                                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                              ABN 20 078 532 180


                                                                              Appendix 4E: Preliminary Financial Report
                                                                                               Year ended 30 June 2021
                                                                                                      Lodged with the ASX under Listing Rule 4.3A
                                                                                     Previous corresponding period (pcp): Year ended 30 June 2020

                        Results for announcement to the market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                          $’000

                           Revenue from continuing operations
                                                                                               Down           67%        to              $2,151
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.1)

                           Loss from continuing operations after tax attributable to
                                                                                                 Up
                           members
                                                                                             (increase)       34%        to            $19,732
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.2)

                           Loss for the period attributable to members                           Up
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.3)                                            (increase)       34%        to            $19,732


                        Dividends (Appendix 4E items 2.4 and 2.5)
                        No dividends have been paid or declared by the entity since the beginning of the current reporting period. No dividends
                        were paid for the previous corresponding period. No record date for determining entitlements to dividends has been
                        declared.

                        Explanation of Revenue (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        Revenue of $2,151,000 (2020: $6,556,000) for the year includes $1,798,000 in commercial partner revenues from
                        product sales and royalties for VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® products; and from DEP® research activities. Interest income on
                        cash invested of $353,000 (2020: $523,000) is also included. The decrease in revenue reflects the AstraZeneca $4,339,000
                        development milestone achieved in the prior year for the first dose of AZD0466 administered in the phase 1 trial of its
                        first DEP® product.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Explanation of Loss (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        The loss after tax is $19,732,000 (2020: $14,678,000 loss) reflecting expensing all research and development expenditure
                        and patenting costs associated with DEP®, VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® programs. The increased loss compared to the prior
                        year, reflects the lower licensing revenue noted above; expenditure on clinical trials for DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel,
                        and DEP® irinotecan, the expenditure on the development and commercialisation of the VIRALEZE™ product, and an
                        unfavourable unrealised foreign exchange movement of $1,059,000 (loss in FY21 of $0.8 million, gain in FY20 of $0.3
                        million) on foreign currency held.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Financial Statements (Appendix 4E items 3, 4 and 5)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Retained Earnings / Accumulated Losses (Appendix 4E item 6)
                        Refer to note 17 in the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Net Tangible Asset Backing (Appendix 4E item 9)
                        Net tangible asset (NTA) backing per ordinary share at 30 June 2021 is $0.15 (2020: $0.08).

                        Other Significant Information (Appendix 4E item 12)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Commentary on Results (Appendix 4E item 14)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement, including the Operating and Financial Review in the
                        Directors’ Report.

                        Audit (Appendix 4E item 15 to 17)
                        The audit of the financial statements and notes has been completed and the Auditors’ Report to members is contained in
                        the Annual Report which follows this announcement. The above NTA backing calculation is considered a non-IFRS value
                        and has not been audited or reviewed in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

                        Appendix 4E items 7, 8, 10, 11, and 13 are not applicable.




                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LTD ABN 20 078 532 180
                                                4-6 Southampton Crescent, Abbotsford 3067, Victoria, Australia
                                                Tel: +61 3 8532 2700 Fax: +61 3 9510 5955 www.starpharma.com
For personal use only
                                 Starpharma annual report and full year financial results
                        Melbourne, Australia; 26 August 2021: Starpharma (ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY) today
                        released its annual report and financial results for the year ended 30 June 2021.

                        Financial Results
                        • Cash position at 30 June 2021 of $60.5M
                        • Net cash burn 1 of $16.5M 2 (FY20: $11.2M)
                        • Receipt of $5.7M R&D tax incentive
                        • Total revenue and other income of $3.5M (FY20: $7.1M); Revenue in the prior year
                           included $4.3 million from AstraZeneca for a US$3 million development milestone
                        • Reported loss of $19.7M (FY20: $14.7M)

                        Key activities
                        VIRALEZE™
                        • Developed VIRALEZE™, a novel antiviral nasal spray using already approved agent,
                           SPL7013, and undertook scale-up, manufacturing, and other supply chain activities,
                           ahead of launch.
                        •    Registered VIRALEZE™ in Europe and India, and progressed regulatory activities for
                             countries in multiple other regions.
                        •    On 25 March 2021, signed a sales and distribution agreement for VIRALEZE™ with
                             LloydsPharmacy, one of the largest pharmacy groups in the UK.
                        •    LloydsPharmacy launched VIRALEZE™ in the UK online on 30 March 2021 and in-store
                             in April 2021.
                        •    Starpharma launched VIRALEZE™ in countries in Europe in May 2021 via its dedicated
                             product webstore.
                        •    Advanced commercial discussions for local distribution arrangements for VIRALEZE™ in
                             India and in a number of other countries, including various European countries and other
                             international regions.
                        •    Conducted extensive antiviral testing on the VIRALEZE™ antiviral agent:
                             o Confirmed SPL7013 is virucidal against important coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 3 variants
                                Delta, Alpha, Gamma, Beta and Kappa, in laboratory studies.
                              o Demonstrated potent activity of SPL7013 against respiratory pathogen RSV
                                (respiratory syncytial virus) and influenza, in laboratory studies, further expanding the
                                potential uses for VIRALEZE™.
                              o Confirmed SPL7013 is active against other pandemic respiratory viruses “SARS” and
                                “MERS”, in laboratory studies, supporting the potential use of VIRALEZE™ in future
                                pandemics.


                        1
                          Net cash burn is considered a non-IFRS value and has not been audited in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards. Net cash burn is
                          calculated by the movement in cash and cash equivalents between reporting periods, adjusted for the impact of the capital raising during the
                          period.
                        2
                          Excluding the $46.9 million of equity raising net proceeds.
                        3
                          SARS-CoV-2 is the virus that causes COVID-19.
                        •       Published extensive antiviral data for SPL7013 (the antiviral agent in VIRALEZE™) in
                                the prestigious international scientific journal, Antiviral Research 4.




For personal use only
                        •       In a SARS-CoV-2 challenge in vivo in a humanised mouse model of coronavirus
                                infection, VIRALEZE™ administered nasally reduced viral load by >99.9% (vs. saline
                                control) in the lungs and trachea of animals challenged with SARS-CoV-2.
                        •       Awarded $1 million in matched funding by the Australian Government’s Medical
                                Research Future Fund (MRFF) Biomedical Translation Bridge (BTB) Program to
                                expedite development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™.
                        •       Successfully completed a clinical safety study in humans, in which VIRALEZE™ was
                                safe and very well tolerated, with no absorption of SPL7013 into the bloodstream

                        DEP® Drug Delivery Platform
                        • AstraZeneca expedited and expanded its DEP® AZD0466 clinical program, into a
                          multi-region phase 1/2 trial, with an initial focus on haematological cancers to support
                          rapid development and registration.
                        •       Continued progress and recruitment into DEP® irinotecan phase 2 trial, with 54 patients
                                now recruited, with multiple patients exhibiting encouraging efficacy signals observed,
                                including impressive tumour shrinkage and reductions in tumour marker levels for
                                multiple tumour types, including breast, colorectal, ovarian, pancreatic, lung and
                                oesophageal cancer. Clinical trial preparations continue for the addition of combinations
                                with DEP® irinotecan, thereby expanding the potential market opportunity.
                        •       Continued progress and recruitment into DEP® docetaxel clinical trials with 50 patients
                                now recruited and with multiple patients exhibiting encouraging efficacy signals
                                observed, including prolonged stable disease, significant tumour shrinkage, reductions in
                                tumour marker levels including in patients with hard-to-treat tumours such as pancreatic,
                                oesophageal, cholangiocarcinoma, and gastric cancer.
                        •       Continued progress and recruitment into DEP® cabazitaxel phase 2 trial with 42 patients
                                now recruited and with multiple patients exhibiting efficacy signals in prostate cancer,
                                including radiological responses, significant reductions in prostate-specific antigen (PSA)
                                and lack of new bone metastases. Multiple heavily pre-treated patients also exhibited
                                efficacy signals in gastro-oesophageal, ovarian, cholangiocarcinoma, lung, thymic and
                                head and neck cancers.
                        •       Signed a Research Agreement with Merck & Co., Inc., (MSD) to conduct a preclinical
                                research evaluation of dendrimer-based Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs) utilising
                                Starpharma’s DEP® technology.
                        •       Signed and commenced a new DEP® partnership with leading Chinese pharmaceutical
                                company Chase Sun to develop several DEP® nanoparticle formulations for an anti-
                                infective drug.
                        •       Starpharma’s second radiopharmaceutical candidate, DEP® HER2-lutetium,
                                outperformed in a human breast cancer model.
                        •       Progressed development of several internal DEP® candidates and programs, including
                                DEP® gemcitabine, DEP® ADCs, and DEP® radiopharmaceutical candidates for both
                                therapeutic and diagnostic applications.
                        •       Starpharma continued to progress its undisclosed DEP® partnered programs.

                        4
                            Paull, J.R.A. et al. Virucidal and antiviral activity of astodrimer sodium against SARS-CoV-2 in vitro (2021). Antiviral Research.
                            https://doi.org/10.1016/j.antiviral.2021.105089




                                                                                                                                                                 2
                        •   Developed and patented a DEP® version of Gilead’s remdesivir (Veklury®) with improved
                            injection volume and pharmacokinetic characteristics.




For personal use only
                        •   Starpharma was invited to present its DEP® technology at the prestigious, international
                            Controlled Release Society (CRS) Virtual Annual Meeting, during a session called
                            ‘Success Stories from Bench to Trials to Market’.
                        VivaGel® Portfolio
                        • VivaGel® BV achieved TGA approval for an expansion of the marketing authorisation for
                           VivaGel® BV (Fleurstat BVgel) to include prevention of recurrent bacterial vaginosis –
                           bringing the approved indications for VivaGel® BV (Fleurstat BVgel) in line with those in
                           Europe and Asia.
                        • VivaGel® BV was launched in the Nordic region, and new regulatory approvals were also
                           received for countries in Africa and the Middle East, and further submissions were
                           prepared.
                        • In the US, a formal dispute resolution process is ongoing with the FDA as part of the
                           regulatory process for VivaGel® BV, and COVID-19 has had an impact on timing.
                        • LifeStyles launched the VivaGel® condom in countries in Europe, marketed under
                           LifeStyles’ Manix and Akuel brands of condoms as the Absolute™ Dual Protection
                           condom.
                        Corporate activities
                        • Starpharma completed an oversubscribed A$48.9 million share placement and share
                           purchase plan.

                        Starpharma concluded the year in a strong financial position with a cash balance of
                        $60.5 million. Cash inflows from financing activities for the financial year include net
                        proceeds of $46.9 million resulting from an equity placement and share purchase plan
                        completed in September/October. Revenues for the year totalled $2.2 million, including
                        $1.8 million for product sales, royalty, and research revenue from commercial partners, and
                        interest income of $0.4 million. Other income of $1.3 million included $0.9 million of grant
                        funding awarded by the Australian Government’s Medical Research Future Fund to expedite
                        development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™. The net loss after tax for the year was
                        $19.7 million, compared to $14.7 million last year. The key driver of this movement was the
                        $4.4 million reduction in revenue in FY21 compared to the prior year due to the receipt of a
                        US$3 million milestone payment from AstraZeneca in FY20. There was also a $1.1 million
                        unfavourable unrealised foreign exchange movement (loss in FY21 of $0.8 million, gain in
                        FY20 of $0.3 million) on foreign currencies held during FY21, compared to the prior
                        corresponding period. Following the first launch of VIRALEZE™ in late March 2021, the
                        product’s revenue for FY21 was $0.8 million. Starpharma originally supplied
                        LloydsPharmacy with $1.4 million of VIRALEZE™ product, of which $0.7 million of revenue
                        was not recognised for FY21 with stock returned following the temporary pause of sales and
                        the likely repackaging requirements. Returned UK stock is scheduled to undergo
                        repackaging shortly, incorporating a longer shelf-life as additional stability data is now
                        available. This stock will then be made available for sale with the extended shelf-life.

                        Starpharma CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley, commented: “2021 has been a remarkable year for all
                        of us around the world. Despite the impact of the unrelenting global pandemic, Starpharma
                        was able to continue to recruit into our three DEP® phase 2 clinical programs and achieve a
                        number of important commercial milestones across the business. These included the rapid
                        development and launch of VIRALEZE™ and the continued rollout of VivaGel® products, as
                        well as two new commercial DEP® partnerships, and important progress for our three


                                                                                                                      3
                        internal DEP® phase 2 products. In parallel, we continued to build and advance new DEP®
                        assets into the preclinical pipeline in exciting and high-value areas like radiopharmaceuticals




For personal use only
                        and Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs).

                        “It was fantastic to see our partner AstraZeneca expedite and expand its clinical program for
                        their first DEP® product, AZD0466, into a multi-region phase 1/2 study with the aim of
                        facilitating marketing approvals as soon as possible. We also signed an exciting new
                        partnership with leading global pharmaceutical company MSD (Merck & Co., Inc.) in the area
                        of DEP® ADCs, and progressed commercial discussions with potential partners for further
                        potential DEP® agreements. Internally, each of our three phase 2 clinical trials for DEP®
                        docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel, and DEP® irinotecan continued to recruit well despite the
                        impact of COVID-19. We also developed further DEP® assets, including DEP®
                        radiopharmaceutical candidates, into the preclinical pipeline”.

                        Commenting on VIRALEZE™, Dr Fairley said “The company is extremely proud to have
                        developed, registered and launched VIRALEZE™ ahead of schedule and in time for it to
                        play a role in the evolving situation in Europe. We were pleased to launch the product in the
                        UK via LloydsPharmacy and online in other parts of Europe. VIRALEZE™ is now also
                        registered in India and available online to consumers in multiple regions. Throughout the
                        year, Starpharma continued to test SPL7013, the antiviral agent in VIRALEZE™, against
                        further respiratory viruses and new variants of SARS-CoV-2 as they emerged, with multiple
                        laboratory studies showing that SPL7013 is virucidal, inactivating >99.9% against all four
                        ‘Variants of Concern’, including the important Delta variant. The broad-spectrum activity of
                        SPL7013 against multiple viruses and new variants is an important feature for the product,
                        which demonstrates the potential further uses for VIRALEZE™.

                        “In the year ahead, we will continue to advance our clinical DEP® assets and expand our
                        portfolio by progressing preclinical programs and leveraging Starpharma’s DEP® platform to
                        engage with new potential partners and increase market opportunities. The company also
                        remains on track to progress further registrations, distribution arrangements and launches
                        for VIRALEZE™ in other regions, while also supporting its partners to progress further
                        registrations and launches of VivaGel® products,” concluded Dr Fairley.

                        About Starpharma
                        Starpharma Holdings Limited (ASX:SPL, OTCQX:SPHRY) is a global biopharmaceutical company and a world
                        leader in the development of new pharmaceutical and medical products based on proprietary polymers called
                        dendrimers, with programs for respiratory viruses, DEP® drug delivery and VivaGel®. Starpharma has developed
                        VIRALEZE™, an antiviral nasal spray that is registered for sale in the UK/Europe and India, and available in certain
                        markets online. VIRALEZE™ is not approved for sale or supply in Australia. SPL7013 is utilised in
                        approved products - the VivaGel® condom and VivaGel® BV. VivaGel® BV has been licensed in >160 countries, is
                        registered in >45 countries and available for sale in the UK, Europe, Japan, South East Asia, South Africa, Australia
                        and New Zealand.
                        As a leading company in dendrimer-based drug delivery, Starpharma’s proprietary drug delivery platform
                        technology, DEP®, is being used to improve pharmaceuticals, to reduce toxicities and enhance their performance.
                        There are numerous internal and partnered programs underway to develop DEP® versions of existing drugs,
                        particularly in the area of anti-cancer therapies. DEP® partnerships include oncology programs with AstraZeneca,
                        with Merck in the area of Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs), with Chase Sun in the area of anti-infectives and other
                        world leading pharmaceutical companies. Starpharma’s partnered DEP® programs have the potential to generate
                        significant future milestones and royalties.
                                                               Starpharma.com | Twitter | LinkedIn




                                                                                                                                            4
                        Media: Sumit Media                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                    Disclosure
                        Grant Titmus                              Dr Jackie Fairley, Chief Executive Officer                     This ASX Announcement
                        Mob: +61 419 388 161                                                                                     was authorised for release




For personal use only
                                                                  Nigel Baade, CFO and Company Secretary
                        grant@sumitmedia.com.au                   +61 3 8532 2704                                                by the Board of Directors.
                                                                  investor.relations@starpharma.com
                                                                  4-6 Southampton Crescent
                                                                  Abbotsford Vic 3067

                        Forward Looking Statements
                        This document contains certain forward-looking statements, relating to Starpharma’s business, which can be identified by the use of
                        forward-looking terminology such as “promising”, “plans”, “anticipated”, “will”, “project”, “believe”, “forecast”, “expected”, “estimated”,
                        “targeting”, “aiming”, “set to”, “potential”, “seeking to”, “goal”, “could provide”, “intends”, “is being developed”, “could be”, “on track”, or
                        similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential filings or marketing approvals, or potential future sales of
                        product candidates. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
                        actual results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements.
                        There can be no assurance that any existing or future regulatory filings will satisfy the FDA’s and other authorities’ requirements
                        regarding any one or more product candidates nor can there be any assurance that such product candidates will be approved by any
                        authorities for sale in any market or that they will reach any particular level of sales. In particular, management’s expectations regarding
                        the approval and commercialization of the product candidates could be affected by, among other things, unexpected trial results,
                        including additional analysis of existing data, and new data; unexpected regulatory actions or delays, or government regulation
                        generally; our ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection; competition in general; government,
                        industry, and general public pricing pressures; and additional factors that involve significant risks and uncertainties about our products,
                        product candidates, financial results and business prospects. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
                        underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed,
                        estimated or expected. Starpharma is providing this information as of the date of this document and does not assume any obligation to
                        update any forward-looking statements contained in this document as a result of new information, future events or developments or
                        otherwise. Clinical case studies and other clinical information given in this document are given for illustrative purposes only and are not
                        necessarily a guide to product performance and no representation or warranty is made by any person as to the likelihood of
                        achievement or reasonableness of future results. Nothing contained in this document nor any information made available to you is, or
                        shall be relied upon as, a promise, representation, warranty or guarantee as to the past, present or the future performance of any
                        Starpharma product.




                                                                                                                                                                      5
For personal use only




                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
              01        Highlights
              02        Chairman’s Letter
              03        CEO’s Report
              12        Environment, Social & Governance
              13        Directors’ Report
              16            Operating & Financial Review




For personal use only
              21            Remuneration Report
              45        Auditor’s Independence Declaration
              46        Corporate Governance Statement
              53        Annual Financial Report
              82        Independent Audit Report to the Members
              87        Shareholder Information
              89        Intellectual Property Report
              90        Corporate Directory
               2021 HIGHLIGHTS




For personal use only
                AstraZeneca expanded            VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal
                   and expedited its DEP®          spray registered for sale in
                   AZD0466 clinical program        UK/Europe
                   into a global, multi-centre                                     Starpharma signed DEP®              Testing for VIRALEZE™
                   phase 1/2 trial                                                  Research Agreement with                 confirms SPL7013 has
                                                  Starpharma signed a sales
                                                                                    Merck & Co., Inc., (MSD)                been shown in vitro to
                                                    and distribution agreement
                Starpharma awarded                                                for DEP® Antibody Drug                  have potent antiviral
                                                    for VIRALEZE™ with
                   $1 million in matched                                            Conjugates (ADCs)                       and virucidal activity in
                                                    LloydsPharmacy, one of the
                   funding by the Australian        largest pharmacy groups in                                              multiple respiratory viruses
                   Government’s Medical             the UK                         Starpharma’s second                    and multiple variants of
                   Research Future Fund                                             radiopharmaceutical                     SARS-CoV-2, including
                   (MRFF) Biomedical                                                candidate, DEP® HER2-                   inactivation of >99.9% of
                                                  VIRALEZE™ launched via
                   Translation Bridge (BTB)                                         lutetium, outperforms in                the Delta variant, and three
                                                   LloydsPharmacy in the UK
                   Program to expedite                                              human breast cancer model               other Variants of Concern,
                   development and                                                                                          in laboratory studies
                                                  Starpharma creates
                   commercialisation of            slow-release soluble
                                                                                   TGA approves
                   VIRALEZE™                       DEP® remdesivir, further
                                                                                    an expansion of                      VIRALEZE™ administered
                                                                                    the marketing                           nasally reduced viral load
                                                   demonstrating the broad
                VIRALEZE™                                                         authorisation                           by >99.9% (vs. saline
                                                   applicability of DEP® in
                   antiviral nasal                                                  for VivaGel® BV (Fleurstat              control) in the lungs
                                                   multiple therapeutic areas
                   spray registered                                                 BVgel) to include prevention            and trachea of animals
                   in India                                                         of recurrent BV indication              challenged with SARS-
                                                  DEP® docetaxel and                                                      CoV-2 and the study
                                                   gemcitabine combination                                                  was published in the
                Testing for                      clinical study commences
                                                                                   VIRALEZE™ well tolerated
                                                                                    in multiple dose clinical               international peer-reviewed
                   VIRALEZE™
                                                                                    study                                   journal, Viruses
                   confirms SPL7013 active        The Kinghorn Cancer
                   against other pandemic          Centre (Sydney) added
                   respiratory viruses “SARS”                                      LifeStyles launched                 VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal
                                                   as a clinical site for DEP®                                              spray launched in Europe
                   and “MERS”, in laboratory                                        the VivaGel condom
                                                                                                ®
                                                   cabazitaxel and DEP®
                   studies                                                          in countries in Europe,
                                                   irinotecan phase 2 trials
                                                                                    marketed under Absolute™             Starpharma
                Testing for VIRALEZE™                                             DUAL PROTECTION brand                   signs new DEP®
                                                  Starpharma raised                                                       partnership with
                   confirms SPL7013 active         $48.9M via oversubscribed
                   against human respiratory                                                                                pharmaceutical
                                                   placement and share                                                      company
                   syncytial virus (RSV), in       purchase plan, to advance
                   laboratory studies                                                                                       Chase Sun
                                                   and expand the DEP®
                                                   portfolio and support
                                                   commercialisation of
                                                                                                                         VIRALEZE™ antiviral
                                                                                                                            nasal spray partners with
                                                   VIRALEZE™
                                                                                                                            2021 English Premiership
                                                                                                                            rugby union champions,
                                                                                                                            Harlequins




                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   1
                                                                       CHAIRMAN'S LETTER




                                                                       all four SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern             in this internal portfolio, Starpharma has also
                                                                       (Delta, Alpha, Beta, Gamma), as                     deepened its development pipeline with a
                                                                       well as respiratory syncytial virus (RSV),          range of new DEP® radiopharmaceutical and
                                                                       SARS and MERS.                                      DEP® ADC candidates.
                                                                       With such compelling antiviral data,                The value of Starpharma’s DEP® platform
                                                                       the company proceeded to register                   lies not only in its ability to improve the




For personal use only
                                                                       VIRALEZE™ in Europe and India, and is               performance of existing and new drugs and
                                                                       prioritising regulatory activities for other        reduce side effects, but also its versatility and
                                                                       regions. Shortly after achieving its first          broad applicability to such a wide range of
                                                                       registration, Starpharma signed a sales and         medical products, including oncology agents,
                                                                       distribution agreement for VIRALEZE™ with           antivirals and so on.
                                                                       LloydsPharmacy, one of the largest pharmacy
                                                                                                                           To ensure we were in the best position to
                                                                       groups in the UK. The product was launched
               On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to                                                                   capitalise on DEP® opportunities and rapidly
                                                                       in March, ahead of our original timeline.
               present our 2021 Annual Report.                                                                             commercialise VIRALEZE™, Starpharma
                                                                       The team is working on further commercial
                                                                                                                           undertook a capital raising in 2020. On behalf
               FY2021 was an exciting year with opportunity            arrangements in other regions, including the
                                                                                                                           of the Board, I thank those investors and
               and growth for Starpharma across its                    private (consumer) and Government markets
                                                                                                                           shareholders who participated and ensured
               VIRALEZE™, VivaGel® and DEP® drug                       in India.
                                                                                                                           that the company remains in an extremely
               delivery portfolios, with multiple product
                                                                       COVID-19 is not the first pandemic the world        strong financial position.
               launches and new partnerships.
                                                                       has faced, and it will certainly not be the last.
                                                                                                                           We also thank our CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley,
               However, the year has not come without                  The broad-spectrum antiviral and virucidal
                                                                                                                           and the entire team at Starpharma for their
               challenges posed by the global pandemic.                activity of SPL7013 in multiple viruses and
                                                                                                                           determination and tremendous work this
               We are living in unprecedented times,                   multiple variants, is a significant advantage for
                                                                                                                           year. The company continues to achieve
               amid a global health crisis, which is                   the product. VIRALEZE™, with its advantages
                                                                                                                           important and valuable milestones, which are
               having a profound effect on the lives of                of excellent stability and room temperature
                                                                                                                           made possible through retaining and building
               people around the world. I am proud of                  storage, has potential for providing an
                                                                                                                           on our people, and instilling a culture of
               Starpharma’s proactive response to the                  additional layer of protection against a range
                                                                                                                           innovation, teamwork, tenacity and superior
               pandemic, employing a comprehensive set                 of respiratory viruses and in future pandemic
                                                                                                                           performance.
               of measures to ensure the safety of our staff           preparedness.
               and trial participants, while also minimising                                                               At a Board level, we were sorry to see Peter
                                                                       Alongside its antiviral work on VIRALEZE™,
               disruption to the operation of our laboratories                                                             Turvey step down as a director this year
                                                                       Starpharma also expanded the application of
               in Melbourne throughout varying stages                                                                      due to ill health. My colleagues and I are
                                                                       its cutting-edge DEP® drug delivery platform
               of restriction. During this time, our team’s                                                                extremely grateful for Peter’s exceptional
                                                                       to develop and patent a DEP® version of
               demonstration of Starpharma’s core values                                                                   contribution to the company during a period of
                                                                       Gilead’s antiviral drug, remdesivir (Veklury®),
               of teamwork, superior performance and                                                                       significant growth and wish him well. We also
                                                                       achieving reduced injection volume and
               innovation, has been exemplary.                                                                             farewelled retiring director Richard Hazleton
                                                                       improved pharmacokinetic characteristics.
                                                                                                                           in November 2020, as foreshadowed in last
               Innovation is more important now than ever              In addition, Starpharma continued to build
                                                                                                                           year's Annual Report. As part of our board
               before. Our strategic focus is unchanged                its commercial opportunities for DEP® with a
                                                                                                                           renewal process, we welcome Lynda Cheng
               – to leverage Starpharma’s proprietary                  new and important DEP® research agreement
                                                                                                                           as an independent non-executive director
               dendrimer technology to build a stable of               with leading global pharmaceutical company
                                                                                                                           from 1 August 2021. Lynda Cheng has
               high-value products and partnerships that               Merck & Co., Inc., (MSD), in the exciting and
                                                                                                                           extensive experience as a finance executive,
               address significant unmet patient need for              growing area of Antibody Drug Conjugates
                                                                                                                           including substantial international experience
               the betterment of the community and our                 (ADCs). This agreement and Starpharma’s
                                                                                                                           and several non-executive directorships.
               shareholders.                                           impressive ADC data triggered a number of
                                                                       new ADC discussions with other commercial           The Board acknowledges the continued
               Starpharma’s VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal
                                                                       parties, and we look forward to progressing         support of Starpharma’s shareholders,
               spray is an embodiment of this strategy,
                                                                       those opportunities.                                customers, and business partners. The
               and the team’s commitment to expedite the
                                                                                                                           company has an increasingly broad and high-
               development, manufacture, regulatory and                We also worked to support AstraZeneca with
                                                                                                                           value product pipeline, with multiple clinical-
               commercialisation activities for this important         multiple DEP® programs. During the year,
                                                                                                                           stage products, more than 200 granted
               product was truly extraordinary. The product            AstraZeneca expedited and expanded its
                                                                                                                           patents and a growing list of partners that
               is based on our existing proprietary broad              DEP® AZD0466 program to include a global
                                                                                                                           together can generate significant long-term
               spectrum antiviral dendrimer, SPL7013 –                 multi-region phase 1/2 clinical study, to
                                                                                                                           value for our shareholders. Most importantly,
               the agent in our VivaGel® products which are            facilitate marketing approval.
                                                                                                                           our products have real potential to create
               registered in more than 45 countries, and the
                                                                       Starpharma’s three internal phase 2 clinical        positive, even life-changing, results for patient
               subject of extensive and impressive
                                                                       trials for DEP® irinotecan, DEP® docetaxel          and customer health worldwide.
               published data.
                                                                       and DEP® cabazitaxel continued to recruit and
                                                                                                                           Yours sincerely,
               The company was pleased to complete and                 progress well in the clinic, despite COVID-19
               announce multiple laboratory studies showing            related delays. It is incredibly heartening
               that SPL7013 is rapid acting and virucidal,             to see so many patients treated with our
               inactivating more than 99.9% of SARS-CoV-2,             DEP® products demonstrate efficacy signals,
               the virus that causes COVID-19, within 30               particularly for those who have failed previous                                           !
               seconds. As coronavirus variants emerged                treatments and have limited options. To
                                                                                                                           Rob Thomas AO
               during the year, Starpharma continued to                enable us to keep developing additional DEP®
                                                                                                                           Starpharma Chairman
               undertake further antiviral testing which               candidates towards the clinic and build value
               confirmed SPL7013 is also virucidal against




               2    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               CEO'S REPORT




               2021 was an exciting and busy year for Starpharma and I am very
               pleased to report on another positive year for the company.
               We achieved many significant milestones across our business,
               including the rapid development and commercialisation of
               VIRALEZE™, the continued rollout of VivaGel® products, as well as
               securing new commercial DEP® partnerships, important progress with




For personal use only
               our internal clinical-stage DEP® assets and the expansion of our DEP®
                                                                                                                     Dr Jackie Fairley,
               pipeline of candidates.                                                                               Chief Executive Officer

               Even with the unpredictable restrictions put in place due to COVID-19,
               I am pleased that Starpharma was able to operate with minimal
                                                                                               range of respiratory viruses whereby SPL7013 was shown to inactivate
               disruption under a comprehensive COVID-19 Safe Plan. The company
                                                                                               >99.9% of all four SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern, including Delta,
               implemented a broad program of measures to protect the health and
                                                                                               Alpha, Beta, and Gamma variants, in laboratory studies. We also
               safety of our staff and clinical trial patients, and to ensure product
                                                                                               recently tested VIRALEZE™ in a SARS-CoV-2 challenge model where
               supply to our customers, and as a result was able to reduce impact.
                                                                                               it demonstrated a very high level of protection against SARS-CoV-2,
               Despite the extraordinary challenges presented by the pandemic over             reducing viral load by >99.9% (vs. saline control), and significantly
               the past year, Starpharma has steadily maintained its strategic focus – to      reducing levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines. These results, in a
               leverage its proprietary dendrimer technology to build a stable of high-        WHO-recommended animal model of coronavirus infection, provide
               value products and partnerships that address significant unmet patient          compelling data supporting the utility of a broad-spectrum nasal spray,
               need for the betterment of the community and our shareholders.                  like VIRALEZE™, to reduce exposure to virus.
               During the year, we continued to progress our three most advanced               During the year, we were very excited to have impressive data on
               DEP® products, DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel, and DEP®                       SPL7013 published in the prestigious scientific journal Antiviral
               irinotecan, through each of their phase 2 clinical development programs.        Research and delighted to be recognised by the Australian Government
               Despite varying impacts of COVID-19 on each trial, all continued to             and awarded $1 million in matched funding by the Australian
               recruit patients and to make good progress. We also added further               Government’s Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF) for VIRALEZE™.
               candidates to our DEP® preclinical development pipeline, including two
                                                                                               Starpharma has to date registered the product in Europe and India,
               new radiopharmaceutical candidates, DEP® zirconium and DEP® HER2-
                                                                                               and achieved the first launch of VIRALEZE™ in late March 2021,
               lutetium as well as to build on and advance our ADCs program.
                                                                                               ahead of the original schedule, and within one year of commencing
               In parallel with the development of our internal DEP® assets, Starpharma        development. Starpharma partnered with one of the largest pharmacy
               continued to leverage its drug delivery platform to develop DEP®                groups in the UK, LloydsPharmacy, to distribute VIRALEZE™ across
               versions of its partners’ drugs. In an exciting development, early in 2021,     their ~1,400 stores in the UK and online. At time of writing we note
               AstraZeneca advised of its plan to expedite and expand the clinical             the voluntary temporary pause in sales via LloydsPharmacy in the UK
               program for its first DEP® product, AZD0466, into a multi-region phase          while Starpharma and its distribution partner address correspondence
               1/2 study, to facilitate marketing approvals as quickly as possible. We         from the MHRA in relation to promotional claims. The promotion of
               also signed an exciting new partnership, with Merck & Co., Inc., (MSD)          antiviral products during the pandemic has been closely scrutinised
               to research specific dendrimer based Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs),           by regulatory authorities around the world, and like other companies
               utilising Starpharma’s DEP® technology. DEP® ADCs (Targeted DEP®                who are operating in this area, we continue to work closely with
               conjugates) are an exciting and valuable extension of Starpharma’s              regulatory authorities to ensure any requests or concerns are thoroughly
               DEP® platform and the basis of both internal candidates and a number of         addressed. Starpharma is continuing to prioritise regulatory and
               partnered programs in the area.                                                 commercialisation activities for VIRALEZE™ in multiple regions
                                                                                               and is in commercial discussions for local distribution arrangements
               This year I am especially proud of our staff, who worked tirelessly to
                                                                                               in India as well as other regions where registration is being sought,
               rapidly bring our newest product, VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray, to
                                                                                               including in Australia.
               market during the year. Starpharma formulated its proprietary antiviral
               agent, SPL7013, into a convenient and easy to use nasal spray and               Finally, in our VivaGel® portfolio, our commercial partners continued
               pursued expedited regulatory pathways for VIRALEZE™. We tested                  to roll out our products, including the launch of VivaGel® BV by
               SPL7013 extensively at the renowned Scripps Research Institute to               Mundipharma in Nordic countries and South Africa, and the launch
               ascertain the veracity of SPL7013 against coronavirus SARS-CoV-2                of the VivaGel® condom by LifeStyles in Europe. VivaGel® BV is now
               and a number of other important respiratory viruses. Given the broad            registered in more than 45 countries, and we continue to work closely
               spectrum antiviral activity of SPL7013, we were unsurprised to see              with our partners to advance registrations to enable further launches in
               impressive results, demonstrating potent activity of the agent against a        other countries.


                 Multiple                                                                                   Clinical-Stage Assets                           DEP® platform
                 Products                                                                                   Three internal                                  Offers exceptional
                 on Market                                                                                  phase 2 products                                optionality for
                                                                                                                                                            multiple
                                                                                                                                                            programs
                                                             Starpharma has an extensive,
                                                                                                                                                            to run
                                                           expanding portfolio of high-value                                                                in parallel
                                                            assets based on its proprietary
                                                                 dendrimer technology
                                                                                                                            DEP® treatment areas include: Antivirals; Anti-infectives;
                                                                                                                     Chemotherapeutics; Radiotheranostics; Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs);
                                                                                                                                   Endocrinology & other non-oncology areas
                                                     Starpharma’s products and programs span
                                                    across multiple treatment areas that address
                 Innovative products developed           significant unmet patient need and                 Preclinical Pipeline                            Multiple DEP® Partnered
                 through leveraging existing                                                                                                                Programs
                                                           build value for the community                    Developing new assets to
                 products and utilising
                 extensive data
                                                                and our shareholders                        progress to the clinic                          Potential to
                                                                                                                                                            generate significant
                                                                                                                                                            revenue through
                          SPL7013                                                                                                                           royalties and
                                                                                                                                                            milestones




                                                                                                                             STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021                 3
For personal use only
               VIRALEZE™ Antiviral Nasal Spray
               launched in UK/Europe FY21                                                                                                                   Pictured below:
                                                                                                                                                           Teammates from
                                                                                                                                                              2021 English
                                                                                                                                                        premiership winning
                                                                                                                                                          rugby union team,
                                                                                                                                                                 Harlequins



               VIRALEZE™ has been developed by Starpharma as a barrier nasal                 a number of other markets, including Australia. VIRALEZE™ is not yet
               spray against respiratory pathogens, following demonstration of the           approved for sale or supply in Australia. A submission has been made to
               ability of the proprietary agent, SPL70131, to block and inactivate a         the Therapeutic Goods Administration in Australia.
               broad-spectrum of viruses in laboratory studies.
                                                                                             SPL7013 in VIRALEZE™ has broad-spectrum activity against a
               SPL7013, which already had a strong pedigree as an antiviral                  range of common respiratory viruses including SARS-CoV-2,
               compound, was shown to be highly active in coronavirus SARS-                  as shown in multiple laboratory studies
               CoV-2. Laboratory data published recently in a peer-reviewed journal          VIRALEZE™ was designed for use in situations where individuals may
               show that SPL7013 is virucidal, irreversibly inactivating >99.9% of           be at risk of exposure to “cold”/respiratory viruses and in situations
               coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that causes COVID-19) within                where the nasal passages may be dry and irritated. The product should
               one minute of exposure.† Starpharma was also awarded $1 million in            be used together with other physical and pharmacological prevention
               funding in September 2020 for the development of VIRALEZE™ by                 strategies, including masks and vaccines. As seen with recent
               the Australian Government’s Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF)               outbreaks, high risk situations for transmission include where social
               under the Biomedical Translation Bridge (BTB) Program, recognising            distancing is not possible such as crowded environments like travel,
               the potential for VIRALEZE™ to have a positive near-term impact.              sporting and social events, and hotel quarantine.
               During the year, Starpharma expedited the manufacture, regulatory             Starpharma has been in
               and commercialisation activities for VIRALEZE™. The company                   discussions with multiple
               contracted a European manufacturer and undertook rapid scale-up               sporting teams interested in
               and manufacture of VIRALEZE™ in readiness for market in early 2021.           using VIRALEZE™ to help reduce
               Starpharma directed its efforts to register VIRALEZE™ in markets              their players and athletes' risk of
               with significant need, and secured product registrations in Europe in         exposure to respiratory viruses.
               February 2021 and in India a few months later.                                In May, Starpharma announced a
               In March 2021, Starpharma                                                     partnership between VIRALEZE™
               signed an exclusive                                                           and Harlequins, a professional,
               sales, marketing and                                                          Premiership winning rugby union team in England. Harlequins’ Head
               distribution agreement with                                                   of Medical Services, Mike Lancaster, said the Quins were delighted
               LloydsPharmacy, one of the                                                    to add VIRALEZE™ to their range of COVID-19 safety measures,
               largest pharmacy groups in                                                    and commented:
               the UK, with ~1,400 pharmacy                                                  “Player health is paramount in professional sport and now
               stores. The first commercial                                                  more than ever, we look to maximise the level of protection
               launch of VIRALEZE™, in the                                                   we can offer our players. The VIRALEZE™ partnership
               UK in March 2021, was ahead                                                   is an important additional level of protection for our Men’s
               of the original projected timing for the product. LloydsPharmacy is part      and Women’s players against viruses such as flu and
               of the global McKesson group, a leading international pharmaceutical          coronavirus/SARS-CoV-2.”
               wholesale and retail company. McKesson UK is also one of the largest
               pharmaceutical wholesalers in the UK (via AAH), supplying over                Testing at The Scripps Research Institute demonstrated SPL7013
               14,000 independent pharmacies.                                                is virucidal against several SARS-CoV-2 ‘Variants of Concern’ /
                                                                                             ‘Variants of Interest’, confirming the broad-spectrum nature
               Starpharma launched VIRALEZE™ in other parts of Europe in May                 of VIRALEZE™
               2021, and the product is available in certain markets online through          Antiviral laboratory testing during the year confirmed SPL7013
               the VIRALEZE™ product webstore.                                               has potent antiviral and virucidal activity against the Delta, Alpha,
               In India, the company is working towards launching VIRALEZE™                  Beta, Gamma, and Kappa variants of coronavirus SARS-CoV-2,
               as soon as practicable. Starpharma is currently in discussion with            as demonstrated in laboratory studies conducted at The Scripps
               a number of potential commercial partners for distribution into               Research Institute in the US. These studies were led by internationally
               multiple channels.                                                            recognised virologist, Professor Philippe Gallay, who commented:

               Meanwhile, consumers in India can already purchase the product via            “It is remarkable that SPL7013 has demonstrated potent anti-SARS-
               the VIRALEZE™ product webstore. In parallel with the aforementioned           CoV-2 activity against the broad-spectrum of Variants of Concern,
               commercial activities, the company is progressing regulatory activities for   Alpha, Beta, Gamma, and now importantly Delta, and Variant of
                                                                                             Interest, Kappa, in vitro. SPL7013 acts as a barrier to viral infection and
               1
                SPL7013 is also known as astodrimer sodium                                   its broad-spectrum activity demonstrates its resilience against a rapidly
               †
                Paull, J.R.A. et al. Virucidal and antiviral activity of astodrimer sodium   changing target.”
               against SARS-CoV-2 in vitro (2021).
               Antiviral Research: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.antiviral.2021.105089



               4    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
              SPL7013 highly active against all four WHO's current                                                                                                          CEO'S REPORT
              SARS-CoV-2 ‘Variants of Concern’

                                                                                                                           “It is particularly exciting to see a product with this level of
                                                                                                                           antiviral activity against a Variant of Concern that is much
                                                                                                                            more transmissible than earlier SARS-CoV-2 strains. The
                                                                                                                            latest data are consistent with our previous data showing
                                                                                                                                  antiviral and virucidal effects of SPL7013 against the
                                                                                                                                  US strain of this highly infectious virus and suggest a
                                                                                                                              mechanism of action that is not affected by mutations in
                                                                                                                                                                  the virus spike proteins.”




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                Internationally recognised virologist
                                                                                                                                                                                     Philippe Gallay
               All vaccines are particularly effective against severe illness, hospitalisation, and death.

                                                                                                                                                                        VIRALEZE™, which
               ^
                https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/variants/variant.html                                                                                         contains SPL7013,
               1
                 https://cov-lineages.org/global_report_B.1.1.7.html                                                                                                    provides a protective
               2
                 https://cov-lineages.org/global_report_P.1.html
               3
                 https://cov-lineages.org/global_report_B.1.351.html                                                                                                    moisture barrier in
               4
                 https://cov-lineages.org/global_report_B.1.617.2.html                                                                                                  the nose and acts by
                                                                                                                                                                        trapping viruses, and
               The Alpha, Beta, Gamma and Delta variants of SARS-CoV-2 are all                                                                                          blocking the interaction
               classified ‘Variants of Concern’ by global health authorities, and Kappa,                                                                                between virus
               a ‘Variant of Interest’, due to the variants’ increased transmissibility,                                                                                attachment proteins,
               increased disease severity (COVID-19), and/or reduced effectiveness                                                                                      or “spikes”, and the
               of current treatments or vaccines. SPL7013 has shown, in laboratory                                                                                      human cells viruses
               studies, rapid and potent virucidal activity against all four SARS-CoV-2                                                                                 are seeking to infect.
               Variants of Concern.                                                                                                                                     “Spike” proteins on the
                                                                                                                                                                        surface of viruses that
                   Virus:         Percent Reduction of Infectious Virus vs Virus Control^                                                                               encounter VIRALEZE™
                   SPL7013†
                   Incubation     US           Alpha          Beta          Gamma           Delta           Kappa
                                                                                                                                                                        are physically trapped
                   Time                                                                                                by SPL7013. This interaction is irreversible (“virucidal”) and blocked
                                                                                                                       viruses can no longer infect cells.
                   30 seconds     >99.9%        >99.9%         >99%          >99%            >99.99%         >99.99%
                                                                                                                       VIRALEZE™ protects against SARS-CoV-2 in challenge model
               †
                   10 mg/mL SPL7013; ^ virus without exposure to SPL7013                                               Starpharma recently announced publication of new data demonstrating
                                                                                                                       the protective efficacy of VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray against
               The antiviral agent in VIRALEZE™, SPL7013, has a deep pedigree
                                                                                                                       SARS-CoV-2 challenge in vivo in a humanised mouse model of
               as an antiviral compound, with substantial published data, including
                                                                                                                       coronavirus infection. The study results showed that VIRALEZE™
               recently in the prestigious, peer reviewed scientific journal, Antiviral
                                                                                                                       administered nasally reduced viral load by >99.9% (vs. saline control)
               Research†. The broad-spectrum antiviral activity of SPL7013 is a
                                                                                                                       in the lungs and trachea of animals challenged with SARS-CoV-2.1
               significant feature of VIRALEZE™, especially as new SARS-CoV-2
                                                                                                                       The study also demonstrated protective effects of VIRALEZE™ against
               variants continue to emerge and spread worldwide.
                                                                                                                       SARS-CoV-2 in animals, consistent with the previously reported in vitro
               Antiviral activity of SPL7013 has also been shown against other                                         virucidal activity of SPL7013, which reduces infectious SARS-CoV-2,
               important respiratory viruses, including influenza viruses and human                                    including the Delta variant, by >99.9% within 30 seconds of exposure.
               respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Further, SPL7013 has been shown                                      The results of the study (conducted at The Scripps Research Institute)
               to have potent antiviral activity against respiratory viruses that have                                 have been published in the international peer-reviewed journal,
               caused pandemics, including SARS, MERS, and Swine Flu (H1N1) –                                          Viruses, in a special issue titled, Medical Interventions for
               the last three pandemics before COVID-19. The wide breadth of the                                       Treatment and Prevention of SARS-CoV-2 Infections
               spectrum activity of SPL7013 is also evidenced by its potent activity                                   (https://www.mdpi.com/1999-4915/13/8/1656).
               in non-respiratory viruses including HIV*, HSV**, HPV, adenovirus***,
                                                                                                                       VIRALEZE™ well tolerated in multiple dose clinical study
               HBV, and Zika, in laboratory studies.
                                                                                                                       Starpharma has conducted a randomised double-blind, placebo-
               VIRALEZE™ Mechanism of Action                                                                           controlled, safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetic study of
                                                                                     VIRALEZE™ is applied              VIRALEZE™ in 40 healthy volunteers, who used the product four
                                                                                     to the nasal cavity               times a day for 14 days. The product was well tolerated with no notable
                                                                                     where respiratory                 or serious adverse events reported, and no participants discontinued
                                                                                     viruses that cause                product use. The study also confirmed that SPL7013 was not
                                                                                     colds, flu and more               absorbed in the bloodstream following repeated nasal application.
                                                                                     severe respiratory                This finding is consistent with previous extensive nonclinical and
                                                                                     illness first attach              clinical data showing lack of systemic absorption of SPL7013
                                                                                     and start to multiply.            following topical application to mucosal membranes.
                                                                                     The nasal cavity has
                                                                                     been identified as the            VivaGel® Portfolio
                                                                                     primary site where
                                                                                     SARS-CoV-2 becomes                The antiviral agent in VIRALEZE™, SPL7013, is
                                                                                     established, before               also included in Starpharma’s VivaGel® products,
                                                                                     spreading to the lungs.^          which are currently registered in >45 countries
                                                                                                                       and available for sale in the UK, Europe, Japan,
                                                                                                                       South East Asia, South Africa, Australia and
               †
                 Paull, J.R.A. et al. Virucidal and antiviral activity of astodrimer sodium against
               SARS-CoV-2 in vitro (2021). Antiviral Research: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.antiviral.2021.105089         New Zealand. During the year Starpharma and
               *(Tyssen et al, 2010), **(Gong et al, 2005), ***(Romanowski et al, 2021).                               its partners continued to progress regulatory
               ^
                 Hou, Y.J., et al. 2020. SARS-CoV-2 reverse genetics reveals a variable infection gradient in the
               respiratory tract. Cell 182(2), 429-446.e14. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2020.05.042                 activities for VivaGel® BV and the VivaGel®
               1
                The study used the K18-hACE2 mouse model, which is an in vivo humanised mouse model that               condom in multiple regions.
               expresses the human angiotensin converting enzyme (hACE2) receptor, the receptor used by
               SARS-CoV-2 to infect cells in the human nasal cavity and respiratory tract.


                                                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   5
For personal use only
               VivaGel® products are
               now registered in >45 countries




               VivaGel® BV
               VivaGel® BV is a novel, non-antibiotic therapy for the treatment of
               bacterial vaginosis (BV) and prevention of recurrent BV. BV is the most
                                                                                                                                    Customer reviews                                                                301 global ratings
               common vaginal infection worldwide and twice as common as thrush.
               One in three women will experience BV and half of these women will
               have recurrent BV.                                                                                                   “Life changing.
                                                                                                                                    Every woman needs this.”
               VivaGel® BV has been licensed in more than 160 countries to leading
               global pharmaceutical companies, including Mundipharma and Aspen.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               After 18 months on market,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               79% of pharmacists are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               aware of, and 53% most often
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               recommend, Fleurstat.


                        NORTH AMERICA
                                                  EUROPE           MIDDLE EAST
                                                 ON MARKET                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Aspen’s Fleurstat
                                                   AFRICA                               ASIA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 “Could it be BV?”
                                                 ON MARKET                           ON MARKET
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             campaign was
                                                                  CY21: Pre-launch                                                                                                                  Could it                                                                                                                 awarded the 2020
                                 LATIN AMERICA
                                                                  preparations                                                                                                                  be bacterial                                                                                                                 Diamond Award
                                                                                           AUSTRALIA                                                                                             vaginosis?                                                                                                                  for “Best Launch
                                                         CY21: Launched in
                                                         South Africa                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        of a Consumer
                                                                                     ON MARKET                     NZ                                                                                                                                                                                                        Healthcare Product”.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             These awards are
                                                                                                       ON MARKET
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             based on survey
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             responses from over
               During the year, Mundipharma continued its rollout of VivaGel® BV with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1,400 pharmacists
               the launch of Betadine™ BV Gel in the Nordic region and South Africa.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             and pharmacy
               VivaGel® BV is now available for sale in the UK, Europe, South East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             assistants.
               Asia, South Africa, Australia, and New Zealand. The Starpharma and
               Mundipharma regulatory teams continue to work together to further
               expand regulatory submissions for VivaGel® BV, with the product                                             Fleurstat BVgel is for treatment of bacterial vaginosis (BV)
                                                                                                                           and relief from symptoms, including abnormal vaginal odour
               now registered in >45 countries. Further regulatory submissions                                             and discharge – helping to normalise vaginal pH and restore
                                                                                                                           the normal vaginal flora balance. Fleurstat BVgel is available

               are underway to support additional launches of VivaGel® BV in                                               in pharmacies without prescription.



               Mundipharma’s territories.                                                                                  VISIT FLEURSTAT.COM.AU

                                                                                                                                                 ASK YOUR PHARMACIST – THEY MUST DECIDE IF THIS PRODUCT IS RIGHT FOR YOU.
                                                                                                                                                 Always read the label. Follow the instructions for use. Do not use for more than 7 days unless a doctor has told you to.

               In September 2020, the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA)                                                                     See your doctor if symptoms persist after 7 days or recur within 2 weeks, and if you consider you may be at risk of
                                                                                                                                                 an STI. See a doctor if you are diabetic or pregnant/breastfeeding (or plan to be).


               approved an expansion of the marketing authorisation for VivaGel® BV
                                                                                                                           Distributed by Aspen Pharmacare Australia Pty Ltd, 34-36 Chandos St, St Leonards NSW 2065 Australia. Trademarks are owned by or licensed to the Aspen Group of companies. © 2020 Aspen Group
                                                                                                                           of companies or its licensor. All rights reserved. VivaGel® is a registered trademark of Starpharma Pty Ltd, 4-6 Southampton Crescent, Abbotsford, VIC 3067 Australia. August 2020. APSHCH1503.




               (Fleurstat BVgel) in Australia to include the indication of prevention of
               recurrent BV. The expanded claims under the marketing authorisation                                      VivaGel® condom – World-first product
               bring the approved indications for VivaGel® BV (Fleurstat BVgel) in                                      and the only anti-viral condom with
               line with those in Europe and Asia. This prevention of recurrent BV                                      lubricant incorporating SPL7013
               indication for VivaGel® BV includes prevention of unpleasant vaginal                                     During the year, Starpharma continued to
               odour and discharge, and helping to maintain normal vaginal pH and                                       work closely with its marketing partners,
               vaginal flora balance.                                                                                   Okamoto and LifeStyles. The VivaGel®
                                                                                                                        condom was launched in countries in
               In the US, a formal dispute resolution process is ongoing with the FDA
                                                                                                                        Europe under the LifeStyles brand name
               as part of the regulatory process for VivaGel® BV, and COVID-19 has
                                                                                                                        Absolute™ DUAL PROTECTION. The
               had an impact on timing.
                                                                                                                        company continues to work with its
               Starpharma’s partners for VivaGel® BV have experienced some                                              partners to progress regulatory activities in
               disruption to sales and marketing activities due to COVID-19                                             other regions.
               lockdowns. VivaGel® BV continues to attract very positive consumer
               reviews, with patients highlighting a range of benefits.


               6    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                                     CEO'S REPORT




                                                                                                                     Starpharma’s DEP® platform delivers
                                                                                                                         product benefits and enhances the
                                                                                                                      commercial value of a wide range of
                                                                                                                              drugs in many therapeutic areas




For personal use only
               DEP® – Dendrimer Enhanced Drug Delivery                                      DEP® cabazitaxel (phase 2) – clinical trial ongoing at sites in the
               Starpharma’s dendrimers can be used to enhance the properties of             UK and Australia
               existing and novel drugs. The approach, known as “drug delivery”,            The DEP® cabazitaxel clinical trial continues to progress well, with
               aims to ensure that more of the drug is more effectively delivered to        42 patients now recruited and with multiple patients exhibiting efficacy
               the right part of the body. Starpharma's dendrimer drug delivery             signals in prostate cancer, including:
               technology is based on polylysine dendrimers and known as DEP®.              •	Radiological responses, significant reductions in prostate-specific
                                                                                               antigen (PSA) and lack of new bone metastases.
               Starpharma’s DEP® platform enhances the commercial and therapeutic           •	Multiple heavily pre-treated patients also exhibited efficacy signals in
               value of a wide range of drugs in oncology and beyond, offering                 gastro-oesophageal, ovarian, cholangiocarcinoma, lung, thymic and
               exceptional optionality for multiple programs and DEP® licences to              head and neck cancers.
               run in parallel.
                                                                                                            CLINICAL CASE STUDY: DEP® CABAZITAXEL
               Starpharma uses DEP® both in its own drug development pipeline
               and with partners’ products.                                                                 65-year-old man with late-stage (metastatic)
                                                                                                            gastro-oesophageal cancer
                         Chemotherapeutics: Life-cycle management and                                       • Heavily pre-treated patient treated with >13 cycles and
                         improvement of established drugs; New Chemical Entities;                              three different rounds of anti-cancer treatment and cancer
                         Combinations including immuno-oncology                                                progressed
                                                                                                            • Patient received 6 cycles of DEP® cabazitaxel and
                         Radiotheranostics: Radiotherapeutic and diagnostic
                                                                                                               achieved a 50% reduction in total tumour size maintained
                         applications, using a variety of different radioisotopes and                          for >27 weeks
                         targeting strategies
                         Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs): Flexible technology;
                         Increased drug antibody ratio; Targeting group agnostic;           DEP® irinotecan (phase 2) – clinical trial ongoing at sites in
                         Site selective payload attachment                                  the UK and Australia
                                                                                            DEP® irinotecan clinical trial continues to progress well, with 54
                        Non-oncology: Antiviral; Anti-infective; Endocrinology
                                                                                            patients now recruited, and multiple patients exhibiting encouraging
                                                                                            efficacy signals, including impressive tumour shrinkage and reductions
                                                                                            in tumour marker levels for multiple tumour types, including breast,
               Internal DEP® assets                                                         colorectal, ovarian, pancreatic, lung and oesophageal cancer.
               DEP® docetaxel (phase 2) – clinical trials ongoing at UK sites               •	Prolonged stable disease, impressive tumour shrinkage and
               Clinical trials of DEP® docetaxel monotherapy and in combination                 reductions in tumour marker levels for a number of tumour types,
               with other anti-cancer agents continue to progress well, with 50                 including breast, colorectal, ovarian, pancreatic, lung
               patients recruited and encouraging efficacy signals observed in lung,            and oesophageal cancer.
               pancreatic, oesophageal, cholangiocarcinoma, gastric cancers, and
               other cancers, including:                                                                    CLINICAL CASE STUDY: DEP® IRINOTECAN
               •	Prolonged stable disease and tumour shrinkage in patients with
                                                                                                            55-year-old woman with heavily pre-treated metastatic
                  pancreatic, oesophageal, and gastric cancer. These impressive
                                                                                                            ovarian cancer, which has a particularly poor prognosis
                  tumour responses include stable disease for up to 40 weeks and
                  significant tumour shrinkage in a heavily pre-treated oesophageal                         • Heavily pre-treated with >60 treatment cycles of 6 lines
                                                                                                               of prior anti-cancer therapy
                  cancer patient, maintained for more than 28 weeks.
                                                                                                            • Patient received 10 dose cycles of DEP® irinotecan to date
               •	Notable lack of bone marrow toxicity (e.g. neutropenia) and other                            and achieved 98% reduction in CA-125 tumour marker
                  common side effects including hair-loss, mouth ulcers, anaphylaxis,                          from baseline, with stable disease for >27 weeks (lesion
                  and oedema.                                                                                  no longer visible)
               •	Efficacy signals observed in heavily pre-treated patients (treated with
                  up to 40 cycles and 9 different anti-cancer regimens previously).         Clinical case studies and other clinical information given in this document are given for illustrative
                                                                                            purposes only and are not necessarily a guide to product performance and no representation or
                                                                                            warranty is made by any person as to the likelihood of achievement or reasonableness of future
                           CLINICAL CASE STUDY: DEP DOCETAXEL
                                                        ®
                                                                                            results. Nothing contained in this document, nor any information made available to you is, or shall be
                                                                                            relied upon as, a promise, representation, warranty or guarantee as to the past, present or the future
                                                                                            performance of any Starpharma product.
                           65-year-old man with metastatic oesophageal cancer
                           • Patient had progressed following four cycles of prior
                              anti-cancer therapy
                           • Patient achieved ~30% reduction of measurable tumours
                              after only three cycles of DEP® docetaxel


                                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021                7
For personal use only
            Starpharma has a deep pipeline
            of preclinical DEP® assets with
             broad applicability beyond oncology


              DEP® products:                      Preclinical          Phase 1   Phase 2   DEP® HER2-lutetium is a proprietary targeted dendrimer
                                                                                           developed by Starpharma, which incorporates the radioisotope
                                                                                           lutetium-177 (177Lu) and a novel HER2 targeting moiety
              DEP® irinotecan
                                                                                           (nanobody). During the year, Starpharma also developed a DEP®
                                                                                           radiodiagnostic candidate, DEP® zirconium. Starpharma is in
                                                                                           discussions with potential partners interested in licensing DEP®
              DEP® cabazitaxel                                                             radiopharmaceutical candidates.
                                                                                           Radiopharmaceuticals and diagnostics are a rapidly developing
              DEP® docetaxel                                                               area of cancer treatment, and sales in this category are estimated
                                                                                           to grow to $12–15 billion by 2030. The area has also seen several
                                                                                           significant commercial acquisitions in recent years.
              DEP® radiopharma-                                                            DEP® Antibody Drug Conjugates
              ceutical candidates                                                          During the year, Starpharma progressed the development of DEP®
                                                                                           Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs) candidates.
              DEP® HER-2 ADC
                                                                                           DEP® ADCs provide many benefits over existing ADCs, including
                                                                                           efficacy improvements. Compared to conventional ADCs and
                                                                                           antibody therapies, Starpharma’s DEP® ADCs can overcome many
              DEP® gemcitabine                                                             issues faced today by existing approaches to ADCs, including:
                                                                                           • Greater homogeneity
                                                                                           • Site specific attachment of drug conjugate
              DEP® non-oncology                                                            • High affinity
              candidates                                                                   •	Delivery of significantly higher payload levels than
                                                                                               conventional ADCs
                                                                                           • Overcome issues of payload solubility and aggregation
               DEP® oncology programs                                                      The use of ADCs is an innovative and cutting-edge area in cancer
               DEP® radiopharmaceuticals                                                   therapy that continues to grow. Targeted DEP® conjugates (DEP®
               DEP® radiopharmaceutical conjugates have the potential to minimise          ADC’s) are an exciting and valuable application of Starpharma’s
               off-target toxicity, optimise pharmacokinetics and enhance efficacy         DEP® platform and the basis of internal development activities and
               when used alone or in combination with other therapeutic approaches.        a number of partner programs in the area.
               In March 2021, Starpharma announced that its second                         DEP® gemcitabine
               radiopharmaceutical candidate, DEP® HER2-lutetium, achieved                 Starpharma has progressed key preclinical work on DEP®
               complete tumour regression, outperforming Herceptin® (trastuzumab)          gemcitabine to facilitate its progression to a phase 1 clinical study.
               labelled with lutetium (p<0.0001), in a human breast cancer model
                                                                                           Non-oncology DEP® programs
               (BT474). DEP® HER2-lutetium was extremely well tolerated.
                                                                                           During the year, Starpharma also applied its DEP® technology
                                                                                           to non-oncology areas (e.g. antiviral; anti-infective). In one of
                                                                                           the company’s non-oncology DEP® programs, Starpharma was
                                                                                           able to create an enhanced, long-acting version of Gilead's
                                                                                           antiviral drug, remdesivir. The DEP® version achieved improved
                                                                                           pharmacokinetics and improved solubility. The ability to create
                                                                                           more soluble and improved formulations is a key advantage of
                                                                                           the DEP® platform and of particular benefit to many drugs on
                                                                                           market and in development, whereby solubility is problematic. In
                                                                                           some cases, improvements in solubility can enable drugs to be
                                                                                           administered in more ‘patient friendly’ ways (e.g. via subcutaneous
                                                                                           injection rather than through IV infusion).
                                                                                           The company continues to identify additional, high potential DEP®
                                                                                           candidates for development and commercialisation.




               8    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                       CEO'S REPORT




For personal use only
              Starpharma’s DEP® partnering
              creates significant value
              and optionality


               DEP® – Dendrimer Enhanced Drug Delivery                                                     AZD0466 is a highly optimised nanomedicine formulation
               Starpharma’s DEP platform enhances the commercial and
                                  ®                                                                        of AstraZeneca’s novel dual Bcl-2/xL inhibitor that utilises
               therapeutic value of a wide range of drugs, creating multiple                               Starpharma’s DEP® technology. The development of
               potential revenue streams and significant IP leverage.                                      AZD0466 is being progressed under its multi-product DEP®
                                                                                                           licence whereby Starpharma is eligible to receive significant
               Starpharma’s DEP® technology represents a valuable platform for                             development, launch and sales milestones, plus royalties on
               partnering, which has the potential to generate significant revenue                         net sales of the product.
               through royalties and milestones.
                                                                                                 AZD0466 is described as having the potential to be a ‘best-in-class’
               Starpharma’s DEP® platform provides exceptional optionality and                   agent with a broad opportunity in solid and haematological tumours
               leverage given that the DEP® technology can be licensed multiple                  due to its ability to target both Bcl2 and Bcl/xL.
               times, and licences are structured to enable multiple partnered DEP®
               programs to run in parallel. Starpharma now has partnered DEP®                    DEP® Research Agreement signed with Merck & Co., Inc., (MSD)
               programs with multiple large pharmaceutical companies, including                  for dendrimer-based DEP® ADCs (Antibody Drug Conjugates)
               AstraZeneca, Merck & Co., Inc., (MSD), Chase Sun, and other                       In February 2021, Starpharma announced a new Research
               undisclosed partnerships.                                                         Agreement with leading global pharmaceutical company MSD,
                                                                                                 utilising Starpharma’s proprietary DEP® technology to explore
                                                                                                 dendrimer-based ADCs.
                                                                                                                                     DRUG
                                                                                                                                       LINKER
                                                                                                                                    PEG
                                                                                                                                                                  DEP® DENDRIMER


                                                                                                                                          ANTIBODY




                                                                                                 MSD is ranked 4th globally of all pharmaceutical companies
                                                                                                 by total sales revenue and is a recognised leader in oncology,
                                                                                                 making them an ideal partner for Starpharma’s DEP® platform.
                                                                                                 The use of ADCs in cancer therapy continues to grow,
                                                                                                 with 2020 global sales of Roche’s Kadcyla® exceeding
                                                     DEP® platform offers
                                                                                                 US$1.8 billion.
                                                     optionality, enabling
                                                     multiple licences to run                    ADCs incorporate the specific cell targeting property of antibodies with
                                                     in parallel                                 the cell killing properties of chemically conjugated drugs, to provide a
                                                                                                 targeted therapeutic with reduced off target toxicities.
                                                                                                 DEP® ADCs have the potential to overcome the limitation of low drug
                                                                                                 loading (DAR), which is a feature of first-generation ADCs. DEP®
                                                                                                 ADCs exploit the unique potential of Starpharma’s DEP® technology
               AstraZeneca global expansion of DEP® AZD0466 clinical program                     to provide enhanced characteristics to ADCs including greater
               Earlier this year, AstraZeneca advised its intention to expedite and              homogeneity, site specific attachment, and higher drug antibody ratio
               expand its clinical program for DEP® AZD0466 to include a global                  than conventional ADC approaches.
               multi-region phase 1/2 study with a focus in haematological tumours               Following the MSD partnership for DEP® ADCs, Starpharma has
               (blood cancers). This trial design will facilitate seamless transition to         initiated a number of new discussions for other DEP® ADC partnerships.
               phase 2. This expanded program includes a substantial increase in
               the number of trial sites globally including in the United States, Asia,          Other DEP® partnerships and collaborations
               Europe, and Australia, for rapid recruitment. This investment and                 During the year, Starpharma also progressed other disclosed/
               expansion are being undertaken to facilitate expedited development                undisclosed partnered programs, including with Chase Sun in DEP®
               of AZD0466 with the objective of obtaining regulatory approval as                 anti-infectives, and its other DEP® program with AstraZeneca, which
               soon as possible for specific indications of high unmet clinical need.            involves developing a DEP® version of one of their major marketed
                                                                                                 oncology drugs.
               “We are really excited to see the global expansion of the clinical
               program for AZD0466 and AstraZeneca’s commitment to bringing this                 Starpharma is engaged in active discussions with further partners
               important medicine to patients in need, as quickly as possible.”                  in relation to DEP® with a number of companies, including leading
                                                             Dr Jackie Fairley, CEO Starpharma   pharmaceutical companies.



                                                                                                                          STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021    9
For personal use only
               3 Year Financial Summary




                                                                                         2021     2020     2019
                                                                                          $M       $M       $M

              Revenue & other income                                                      3.1      6.6      1.7

              Interest revenue                                                            0.4      0.5      1.0

              Total revenue and other income                                              3.5      7.1      2.7

              Expenditure                                                                (23.2)   (21.8)   (17.0)

              Loss for the period                                                        (19.7)   (14.7)   (14.3)

              Net operating cash outflows                                                (14.8)   (10.8)   (10.3)

              Net investing and financing cash inflows (outflows)                        46.1     (0.7)    (0.3)

              Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                   60.5     30.1     41.3




               Overview of Financial Results
               Total revenue and other income for the year was $3.5 million, and
               included product sales and royalties from VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel®
               products, as well as $0.9 million of grant funding awarded by the
               Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF) to expedite development and
               commercialisation of VIRALEZE™.
               Starpharma reported a net loss of $19.7 million, compared to $14.7
               million last year. The key driver of this movement was the $4.4 million
               reduction in revenue in FY21 compared to the prior year due to the
               receipt of a US$3 million milestone payment from AstraZeneca in
               FY20. There was also a $1.1 million unfavourable foreign exchange
               movement in FY21, compared to the prior corresponding period on
               foreign currencies held.
               The total net investment in R&D programs for the year ended 30 June
               2021 was largely consistent with FY20, however there was reduced
               expenditure on VivaGel® products, and an increased proportion of
               R&D expenditure on Starpharma’s internal DEP® assets, as well as
               one-off costs for the development of VIRALEZE™. The development
               costs of VIRALEZE™ were partially offset by the MRFF grant funding.
               The net operating cash outflows for the year were $14.8 million,
               compared to $10.8 million last year. Cash inflows from financing
               activities for the financial year include net proceeds of $46.9 million
               resulting from an equity placement and share purchase plan.
               Starpharma ended the financial year with a strong cash balance of
               $60.5 million.




               10       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               CEO'S REPORT




               Review and future outlook                                                               It has also been pleasing to see the continued positive reviews and
               2021 has been a challenging and rewarding year for Starpharma.                          increasing awareness of VivaGel® BV products from consumers and
               Looking back on this past year, I am very proud of our dedicated team                   healthcare professionals around the world. Our team takes great pride
               of around 50 people, who have worked diligently while also navigating                   in providing women suffering from bacterial vaginosis with a novel
               through a rapidly changing global pandemic.                                             and effective product to manage this troublesome condition. VivaGel®
                                                                                                       BV is now registered in more than 45 countries and available in
               Starpharma has accomplished significant achievements and                                the UK, Europe, Japan, South East Asia, South Africa, Australia and




For personal use only
               milestones across the business this year despite the challenges                         New Zealand. In the year ahead, we look forward to working with our
               of COVID-19. This is a testament to the dedication, teamwork and                        partners to achieve further approvals and launches in other regions,
               perseverance of our employees, and we thank all of them for their                       and to continue building the brand presence globally.
               extraordinary contribution throughout this year.
                                                                                                       In the year ahead, we remain focused on leveraging our existing
               In response to the ongoing global pandemic, our team worked fervently                   products by pursuing further registrations, launches and revenue
               to expedite the development, registration and launch of VIRALEZE™                       growth for VIRALEZE™, VivaGel® BV and VivaGel® Condom, while
               antiviral nasal spray. In the space of just one year, we successfully                   also pursuing partnerships for our DEP® drug delivery technology and
               developed and launched VIRALEZE™ and made the product available                         our DEP® assets. This includes progressing our three DEP® phase 2
               to consumers in multiple regions. Our team’s focus is now firmly on                     trials as quickly as possible, and adding value enhancing combinations
               building revenues through rapidly progressing additional registrations                  as appropriate.
               and launches as well as commercial and distribution arrangements in
               other countries and regions, such as India, where there is high                         I want to again thank our dedicated staff, and also our committed
               demand for a product like VIRALEZE™.                                                    partners and industry stakeholders for their support and contributions.
                                                                                                       I also wish to acknowledge the support of our investors and
               This year, we will also continue to focus on building new and/or                        shareholders, including those who participated in our 2020 capital
               expanded partnerships in DEP® drug delivery – through licensing                         raising. This financing further strengthened Starpharma’s balance
               our platform to assist partners in developing or improving their drugs,                 sheet and ensured that the company is in an excellent position to
               and to pursue licenses for the DEP® assets in our own expanding                         accelerate the clinical development, regulatory, commercialisation
               pipeline. The DEP® partnerships that we have already cultivated,                        and launch activities across its portfolios. Starpharma’s growing list
               with companies such as AstraZeneca and Merck & Co., Inc., have the                      of valuable assets and DEP® programs places the company in an
               potential to create life-changing products for patients, and significant                excellent position for growth. With multiple products in the pipeline,
               revenues for Starpharma by way of milestones and royalties. The                         the clinic and on market, Starpharma is staying the course to improve
               DEP® platform provides exceptional optionality and can be licensed                      patient health worldwide and build shareholder value.
               to multiple partners, and applied to multiple products in parallel, thus
               has the potential to generate significant value. In particular, our team
               has seen growing international interest in commercial discussions
               in the area for DEP® Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs) and DEP®
               radiopharmaceuticals, and we look forward to progressing these                          Jackie Fairley
               arrangements in the future.                                                             Chief Executive Officer



                 Outlook activities & milestones                                                                                                  Strategy & expected outcomes

                 DEP®            • Progress and completion of DEP® docetaxel,            • Progress with existing partnered DEP® programs,                         Leveraging the
                                    DEP® cabazitaxel & DEP® irinotecan phase 2 trials;       including with Merck & Co., Inc., & Chase Sun                           DEP® platform
                                    progress value-adding combination studies             • Execute/expand new DEP® partnerships/agreements                         to build value
                                 • AZD0466 clinical progress, expansion of trial sites   • Advance DEP® radiopharmaceuticals, DEP® ADCs
                                    recruitment & receipts from milestones                   & DEP® antivirals
                                 • AstraZeneca: Exercise of Option Agreement &/or        • Advance value-adding DEP®                             Advancing              Partnered DEP®
                                    deals for further compounds                              combinations in clinic & other                        internal DEP®          – upfront fees,
                                                                                             DEP® products                                         assets builds value    milestones,
                                                                                                                                                   for future licensing   royalties




                 VIRALEZE™       • Further roll-out of VIRALEZE™                         • Further distribution & marketing
                                    Antiviral Nasal Spray                                    arrangements with commercial partners
                                                                                                                                                                  Leveraging
                                 • Further VIRALEZE™ registrations in other regions      • Continued testing of SPL7013 against                                 existing
                                                                                             SARS-CoV-2 variants & other                                          approvals for
                                 • Further VIRALEZE™ launches in other regions
                                                                                             respiratory viruses                                                  SPL7013



                                                                                                                                                         Commercial outcomes:
                 VivaGel®        • Commercial roll-out of VivaGel® BV in Europe,         • Further VivaGel® BV licences                                  products on market –
                                    Asia & other markets                                  • VivaGel condom approvals/
                                                                                                   ®                                                   milestones, product sales,
                                 • Further regulatory approvals & launches for              launch in additional regions                               royalties, revenue share
                                    VivaGel® BV; building revenues – milestones &         • Further development/
                                    sales/royalties                                          co-development
                                 • Ongoing formal FDA review process                        of SPL7013




                                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021       11
                                                                                                 ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE




                                                                                                 Female representation on Starpharma’s Board has been over 30% for
                                                                                                 almost a decade, making it one of a handful of Australian companies
                                                                                                 with this level of longstanding diversity at Board level.
                                                                                                 We have a highly skilled and specialised workforce. The employees of
                                                                                                 Starpharma are critical to the company achieving business success.
                                                                                                 To ensure a positive culture and that Starpharma remains a safe,




For personal use only
                                                                                                 healthy, and attractive workplace for our employees, Starpharma
                                                                                                 has well developed workplace policies and practices. Starpharma’s
                                                                                                 code of conduct reflects the core values of the company and sets
                                                                                                 out standards of behaviour in matters including equal employment
                                                                                                 opportunity and best practice in recruitment.
               As an ASX300 biopharmaceutical company, Starpharma produces
               positive societal outcomes for its stakeholders, including patients,              At Starpharma, occupational health and safety is key and is considered
               consumers, shareholders, employees, the broader community and the                 every employee’s responsibility. Starpharma’s occupational, health
               environment. The very nature of Starpharma's products affords the                 and safety program is designed to prevent work related injuries and
               opportunity of changing lives for the better.                                     accidents and the company has an excellent track record in this
                                                                                                 regard. The company’s zero harm objective is promoted through a
               Through innovative research and development, Starpharma and its
                                                                                                 culture of safety and hazard reporting and overseen by an active
               partners are creating therapies which have the potential to profoundly
                                                                                                 OH&S committee. OH&S is monitored by both lead and lag indicators.
               improve patient health worldwide.
                                                                                                 Incidents and near misses are reported and
               Starpharma’s 2021 ESG Report illustrates how the company seeks                    investigated in order to understand root causes      FY21       FY20
               to achieve its strategic objectives, and in doing so, contribute to the           and prevent recurrence.
               broader community and bring important medicines to patients in need.
                                                                                                 During FY21 and at least the previous 10 years,
               The report outlines Starpharma’s commitment to responsible business               Starpharma has had no WorkSafe notifiable
               practices to ensure its products are being developed safely and                   incidents.
               ethically, in compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements,
               including for the areas of research, commercialisation and supply.
                                                                                                 Our Partners
                                                                                                 Starpharma has established important business
               Starpharma’s ESG Framework                                                        and scientific partnerships with leading global companies, international
               comprises Products & Patient                                                      medical research organisations and key governmental and non-
               Health, Our People, Governance,                                                   governmental departments and institutions. These relationships offer
               and the Environment, and is                                                       critical inputs from world experts and provide a pathway for products to
               embedded with specific activities                                                 enter the market and change daily lives.
               and initiatives to achieve high
               standards in each of these areas.                                                 Product & Patient Safety
               Our People, Our Values                                                            Starpharma’s products are developed in accordance with the relevant
                                                                                                 regulatory requirements, including for the areas of research, clinical
               Developing new pharmaceutical                                                     trials, and manufacturing.
               and medical products is both
               challenging and rewarding. Doing so                                               Starpharma takes product quality very seriously and has a
               requires a culture where our people                                               comprehensive quality management system with well-developed
               have the right balance of both patient-centric                                    quality systems processes, including (but not limited to): change
               and commercially-focussed values.                                                 control, internal auditing, complaint handling, post market surveillance
                                                                                                 and supplier management. Starpharma also ensures that its
               Starpharma prides itself on a strong culture based on innovation,                 manufacturing suppliers have all the necessary controls in place for
               accountability, performance, and ethical behaviour. The company’s                 quality performance.
               core values include teamwork, superior performance, innovation,
                                                             integrity, and                      Suppliers
                                                             accountability.                     While Starpharma’s operations are relatively small in respect to
                                                                      Working with a sense       the use of suppliers, the company is conscious of responsible and
                                                                      of urgency, innovative     ethical sourcing. The company’s supplier code includes a wide range
                                                                      thinking, resilience       of business practices to provide suppliers with clear expectations
                                                                      and collaboration are      regarding their conduct. The company reviews the applicable guidance
                                                                      central to these company   on responsible sourcing and sustainable procurement with the aim
                                                                      values. Our people have    of creating greater social and sustainability benefits through its
                                                                      a strong sense of how      purchasing activities.
                                                                      their work benefits the    Environment
                                                                      broader community.
                                                                                                 Starpharma is committed to conducting its operations in an
               Starpharma is committed to continued development of its                           environmentally responsible manner, as healthy people rely on a
               organisational capabilities, including a focus on initiatives that promote        healthy environment. Reducing our environmental footprint is not
               diversity and inclusiveness in the workplace. We believe having                   only important for human and environmental health – it also leads to
               a diverse workforce drives better outcomes for our business and                   the long-term health of economies and our business. The company
               provides the company with greater breadth of experience and ideas.                ensures it has appropriate systems in place to comply with relevant
                                                                                                 Federal, State and Local regulations, and has adopted documented
               At 30 June 2021, almost half of our employees were born outside of
                                                                                                 procedures and processes to ensure all waste products are disposed
               Australia and approximately half of our employees were female. More
                                                                                                 of in accordance with relevant environmental regulations.
               than 40% of leadership roles (i.e. CEO minus 2) at Starpharma were
               held by women, and at Board level, 40% per cent of directors were                 The full ESG Report is available at www.starpharma.com.
               female (increasing to 60% female from 1 August 2021).



               12       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
              Directors’ Report

              Your directors have pleasure in presenting this report on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter as the “group”, “company”, or
              “Starpharma”) consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (the “Parent Entity”) and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year
              ended 30 June 2021.

              Directors
              The following persons were directors of Starpharma Holdings Limited at the date of this report and during the whole of the financial year:
              R B Thomas (Chairman)                                J K Fairley (Chief Executive Officer)




For personal use only
              D J McIntyre                                         Z Peach

              L Cheng was appointed as a director on 1 August 2021 and continues in office at the date of this report.
              P R Turvey was a director for the whole of the financial year until his resignation on 29 July 2021.
              R A Hazleton was a director from the beginning of the financial year until his retirement on 20 November 2020.


              Information on Directors                                                       experience with US based companies as they progress from
                                                                                             research to commercialisation.
              Robert B Thomas AO, BEc, MSAA, SF Fin, FAICD, FRSN
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 4 December 2013)                 Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              and Chairman from 13 June 2014                                                 875,000 ordinary shares

              Experience
              Mr Thomas has a strong background in financial services and                    Jacinth (Jackie) K Fairley BSc, BVSc (Hons), MBA, GAICD,
              capital markets and is a non-executive director of several                     FTSE
              Australian listed companies. Formerly Mr Thomas was a Partner of               Chief Executive Officer and Director (appointed 1 July 2006)
              Potter Partners (now UBS) where he was also Head of Research.
                                                                                             Experience
              Mr Thomas is the former Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of County                Dr Jackie Fairley has more than 30 years of operational
              NatWest Securities and then became CEO and then Chairman of                    experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
              Citibank Corporate and Investment Bank in Australia. Mr Thomas                 working in senior management roles with companies including
              has also held the position of Chairman at Australian Wealth                    CSL Limited (CSL) and Faulding (now Pfizer). In those roles Dr
              Management Ltd (ultimately IOOF Ltd), TAL (Australia’s largest life            Fairley had responsibilities which included clinical, regulatory,
              insurance company) and HeartWare® International Inc, the second                business development, product development management and
              largest global manufacturer of left ventricular assist heart pumps.            general management. At Faulding Dr Fairley was responsible for
              Mr Thomas is currently a non-executive director of ASX-listed                  Global Product Development, Regulatory Affairs and Business
              Biotron Limited and Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited. Mr Thomas is              Development for Faulding’s Hospital Business which operated in
              also Chair of AusBio Ltd, Grahger Retail Securities, Co-Chair of               more than 60 countries.
              the State Library of NSW Foundation and a director of O’Connell
              Street Associates.                                                             Dr Fairley holds first class honours degrees in Science
                                                                                             (pharmacology and pathology) and Veterinary Science from
              For many years Mr Thomas was regarded as one of Australia’s                    Melbourne University and was a practicing veterinary surgeon prior
              leading financial analysts and regularly lectured with Financial               to joining CSL. Whilst at CSL Dr Fairley obtained a Master of
              Services Institute of Australia (FINSIA). He has considerable                  Business Administration from the Melbourne Business School
              expertise in Mergers & Acquisition (M&A) and capital markets                   where she was the recipient of the prestigious Clemenger Medal.
              including advising on the floats of Commonwealth Bank of                       Dr Fairley is also a Graduate of the Australian Institute of
              Australia and Qantas, and vast experience in Audit and Risk                    Company Directors.
              Management. Mr Thomas is also approved under the NSW
              prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk Committee Independent               Dr Fairley is a non-executive director of listed investment company
              Chairs and Members for government/public sector agencies and                   Mirrabooka Investments Limited and Chairman of the Invest
              has previously served as the Chairman of the Audit and Risk                    Victoria Advisory Board. Dr Fairley is a past member of the
              Committee of Virgin Australia Limited (for 11 years), HeartWare®               Federal Government’s Commonwealth Science Council and
              International Inc, REVA Medical Limited and the State Library of               Pharmaceutical Industry Working Group; the Federal Ministerial
              NSW.                                                                           Biotechnology Advisory Council and previously served on the
                                                                                             Board of Melbourne Business School for 10 years.
              Mr Thomas holds a Bachelor of Economics from Monash
              University, a Diploma of Business (Accounting) from Swinburne                  Committees
              and is a fellow of FINSIA. Mr Thomas is also a Master                          Attends Board Committee meetings by invitation.
              Stockbroker, a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company
              Directors and a Fellow of the Royal Society of New South Wales.                Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Mirrabooka
                                                                                             Investments Limited.
              Committee membership
              Member of Remuneration & Nomination Committee;                                 Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              Member of Audit & Risk Committee.                                              years: None.

              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Biotron                    Specific skills and experience areas
              Limited and Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited.                                   With more than 30 years’ experience in executive roles up to and
                                                                                             including as CEO and executive director of ASX listed and unlisted
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within last three                   pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, Dr Fairley’s
              years: REVA Medical Inc.                                                       experience covers all key areas described in the Board skills
                                                                                             matrix. In particular, Dr Fairley has significant leadership skills in
              Specific skills and experience areas                                           healthcare and scientific research; pharmaceutical development;
              In addition to Mr Thomas’ significant finance and M&A/capital                  international experience; licensing and commercialisation of
              markets experience, Mr Thomas’ non-executive roles with various                innovation; business development; strategy and risk management;
              ASX listed companies have deepened his skills and experience in                and M&A/capital markets.
              relation to accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk;
              governance; licensing and commercialisation of innovation;                     Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              strategy and risk management; occupational health & safety                     3,925,434 ordinary shares
              (“OH&S”); and remuneration. He has also had significant                        5,234,242 employee performance rights

                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   13

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                          13
              Directors’ Report

              Zita Peach BSc, GAICD, FAMI                                             David McIntyre CPA, LL.B., MBA and B. Econs (Acc)
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 October 2011)           Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 March 2020)

              Experience                                                              Experience
              Ms Peach has more than 25 years of executive commercial                 Mr McIntyre has more than 20 years of executive experience
              experience in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical devices        including 18 years in the life sciences sector, having held various
              and health services industries. She worked for major industry           C-suite level roles at Tessa Therapeutics, Inc., AVITA
              players such as CSL Limited and Merck Sharp & Dohme, the                Therapeutics, Inc., HeartWare® International, Inc., and Braeburn,
              Australian subsidiary of Merck Inc. Ms Peach’s most recent              Inc.




For personal use only
              executive position was as the Managing Director for Australia and
              New Zealand and Executive Vice President, South Asia Pacific for        Mr McIntyre’s experience also includes seven years as a Partner
              Fresenius Kabi, a leading provider of pharmaceutical products and       at Apple Tree Partners, a multi-billion-dollar life science venture
              medical devices to hospitals. Previously, Ms Peach was Vice             capital and growth equity fund, giving him a deep knowledge of,
              President, Business Development, for CSL Limited, a position she        and extensive contacts, in the US pharma, medical device and
              held for ten years.                                                     biotech markets. During this time, Mr McIntyre served as a non-
                                                                                      executive director of several United States life science companies.
              Ms Peach has substantial international and local expertise in the
              areas of pharmaceutical/medical device product development,             Prior to entering life sciences, Mr McIntyre practiced as a senior
              commercialisation of products and technologies, marketing and           attorney at Baker & McKenzie and KPMG specialising in M&A,
              sales, licensing, M&A and international expansions. She has             initial public offerings, and corporate law and also held various
              overseen manufacturing, logistics, regulatory affairs, quality          senior finance roles in both multi-national companies and small
              assurance, clinical services, human resources, finance,                 growth companies.
              information technology, public policy, business development,
              marketing and sales at Managing Director and CEO level.                 Mr McIntyre is based in the United States and brings to the table
                                                                                      an international lens on life science licensing and
              Ms Peach is Chairman of Pacific Smiles Group Limited, and a             commercialisation, marketing and business and development, and
              Non-Executive Director of the ASX-listed Monash IVF Group               M&A/capital markets. Mr McIntyre has significant experience in the
              Limited, and Visioneering Technologies, Inc. Ms Peach is also a         areas of accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk, strategy and
              member of the Hudson Institute of Medical Research Board.               risk management.

              Ms Peach is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company             Mr McIntyre holds a Bachelor of Economics (Accounting) from the
              Directors and a Fellow of the Australian Marketing Institute.           University of Sydney, Australia, a Bachelor of Laws from the
                                                                                      University of Technology, Sydney and a Masters of Business
              Committee membership                                                    Administration from Duke University Fuqua School of Business
              Chair of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee.                       (Fuqua Scholar) from Durham, North Carolina, in the United States
              Member of Audit & Risk Committee.                                       of America. Mr McIntyre is a Certified Practising Accountant and is
                                                                                      also admitted as a legal practitioner of the Supreme Court of New
              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Monash IVF          South Wales and of the High Court of Australia.
              Group Limited, Visioneering Technologies, Inc. and Pacific Smiles
              Group Limited.                                                          Committee membership
                                                                                      Acting Chair of Member of Audit & Risk Committee.
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              years: AirXpanders, Inc.                                                Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.

              Specific skills and experience areas                                    Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              With over 25 years’ experience in various senior executive roles        years: Redflex Holdings Limited.
              within ASX listed and international pharmaceutical and
              biotechnology companies, as well as numerous non-executive              Specific skills and experience areas
              directorships in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical sector, Ms            With more than 20 years of executive experience including 18
              Peach’s experience covers all key areas described in the Board          years in the life science sector, Mr McIntyre’s experience covers all
              skills matrix. In particular, Ms Peach has substantial expertise as a   key areas described in the Board skills matrix. In particular, Mr
              leader in healthcare and scientific research;                           McIntyre has substantial expertise in accounting/corporate finance,
              pharmaceutical/product development; licensing and                       audit and risk; M&A/capital markets; governance; licensing and
              commercialisation of innovation; science and technology; sales,         commercialisation of innovation; strategy and risk management,
              marketing and business development; strategy and risk                   having held executive roles including Chief Financial Officer and
              management; remuneration; and M&A/capital markets.                      Chief Operating Officer. He has also had significant experience
                                                                                      with United States based companies in the medical device,
              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                                biotechnology and pharmaceutical sector.
              48,975 ordinary shares
                                                                                      Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                      16,240 ordinary shares




               14       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                               14
              Directors’ Report

              Peter R Turvey BA/LLB, MAICD                                             Richard A Hazleton BSChE, MSChE, MBA, HonDrEng,
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 19 March 2012)             HonDrCommSc
              and Deputy Chairman from 26 November 2019; resigned 29 July              Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 December 2006;
              2021)                                                                    retired 20 November 2020)

              Experience                                                               Experience
              Mr Turvey has had more than 30 years of experience in the                Mr Hazleton is a former Chairman and CEO of US-based global
              biotech/pharmaceutical industry having been former Executive             corporation Dow Corning. He joined Dow Corning in 1965 and held
              Vice President Licensing, Group General Counsel and Company              numerous positions in engineering, manufacturing and finance,




For personal use only
              Secretary of global biopharmaceutical company CSL, retiring in           both in the US and Europe. He was appointed as CEO of the
              2011.                                                                    company in 1993, and Chairman of the Board of Directors and
                                                                                       CEO in 1994. During his career with Dow Corning, Mr Hazleton
              Mr Turvey played a key role in the transformation of CSL from a          performed the roles of European Area Vice President and Director
              government owned enterprise, through ASX listing in 1994, to a           of Finance, and after returning to the US, Corporate Controller and
              global plasma and biopharmaceutical company. He also had                 Chief Accounting Officer. In this latter global role he was
              responsibility for the protection and licensing of CSL's intellectual    responsible for the preparation of all public financial reports, and
              property and for risk management within CSL, which included              relationships with financial regulatory agencies and independent
              management of the internal audit function, reporting to the Audit &      auditors. Mr Hazleton retired from Dow Corning in 2001.
              Risk Management Committee of the Board as well as being the
              Chairman of the Corporate Risk Management Committee. In his              Mr Hazleton is based in the United States and has an international
              senior executive role at CSL, Mr Turvey was actively involved in         lens on product development, manufacturing, science and
              CSL’s extensive M&A and equity capital raising activities over a 15      technology. He has significant experience in the areas of strategy,
              year period, including during the time of the float of CSL as a          accounting/corporate finance and audit and risk.
              publicly listed company. This experience has been further
              enhanced by Mr Turvey’s non-executive directorships of various           Mr Hazleton has served on the boards of the American Chemistry
              ASX listed biotechnology companies.                                      Council and the Chemical Bank and Trust Company (Midland, MI,
                                                                                       USA) as well as several non-profit social service agencies in
              In addition to his expertise in corporate finance, audit and risk        Michigan and Belgium.
              management, Mr Turvey has extensive experience in
              commercialisation and pharmaceutical product development.                Committee membership (until resignation)
                                                                                       Member of Audit & Risk Committee;
              Committee membership (until resignation)                                 Member of Remuneration & Nomination Committee.
              Chair of Audit & Risk Committee
              Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee                          Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.

              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.                Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
                                                                                       years: None.
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              years: None.                                                             Specific skills and experience areas
                                                                                       Having held various executive roles up to and including as
              Specific skills and experience areas                                     Chairman and CEO of Dow Corning over a 36 year period as well
              With over 30 years of executive experience in the biotechnology          as non-executive directorships, Mr Hazleton has significant skills
              industry of which 20 years were at CSL, followed by non-executive        and experience including international experience;
              directorships at a number of ASX listed pharmaceutical and               regulation/public policy, licensing and commercialisation of
              biotechnology companies, Mr Turvey has significant leadership            innovation, science and technology; governance; strategy and risk
              skills and experience in healthcare and/or scientific research;          management; accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk; OH&S;
              pharmaceutical/product development; international experience and         and remuneration.
              skills in regulation/public policy; licensing and commercialisation of
              innovation; business development; governance; strategy; risk             Mr Hazleton retired as a director on 20 November 2020.
              management; audit and risk; and M&A/capital markets.
                                                                                       Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              Mr Turvey resigned as a director on 29 July 2021 due to ill health.      208,466 ordinary shares
              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              193,155 ordinary shares




                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   15

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                   15
               Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

               Lynda Cheng B.Com, LLB (Hons), GAICD                                  Principal activities
               Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 August 2021)
                                                                                     The principal activities of the group consist of research,
               Experience                                                            development and commercialisation of dendrimer products for
               Ms Cheng has a strong background in finance with more than 25         pharmaceutical, life-science and other applications. Activities
               years of experience as a finance executive including more than 15     within the group are directed towards the development of precisely
               years at Visy Industries/Pratt Holdings and 10 years in investment    defined nano-scale materials, including on the development of
               banking. She has significant commercial and international             VivaGel® for the management and prevention of bacterial
               corporate expertise including experience in financial services,       vaginosis, and as an antiviral condom coating, and VIRALEZE™ -




For personal use only
               manufacturing, export finance, infrastructure, education as well as   an antiviral nasal spray. Starpharma is also applying its proprietary
               market entry, growth and technology.                                  dendrimers to drug delivery to create improved pharmaceuticals
                                                                                     and has developed the valuable DEP® delivery platform.
               Ms Cheng is currently Director of Corporate Development and
               Mergers & Acquisitions at Visy Industries / Pratt Holdings and has    Result
               held various other roles in the group including CFO. Ms Cheng’s
               earlier roles include as a lawyer at Blake Dawson, before moving      The financial report for the group for the financial year ended 30
               into investment banking with J.P. Morgan in their Melbourne,          June 2021, and the results herein, have been prepared in
               Sydney, San Francisco and New York offices.                           accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

               Ms Cheng is currently a non-executive director of Export Finance      The consolidated loss after income tax attributable to ordinary
               Australia and a member of the Wesley College Council. Ms Cheng        shareholders for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 was
               previously served as a member of the Australian Government's          $19,732,000 (2020: $14,678,000). The net operating cash outflows
               International Development Policy Expert Panel and Deputy Chair        for the year were $14,808,000 (2020: $10,776,000) with net cash
               and Chair of the Finance, Audit and Risk Committee of South East      inflows from financing activities of $46,303,000 (2020: outflows of
               Water.                                                                $584,000). The cash balance at 30 June 2021 was $60,500,000
                                                                                     (June 2020: $30,054,000).
               Ms Cheng holds a Bachelor of Law (Honours) and Commerce
               degree, majoring in actuarial studies and economics, from the         Dividends and distributions
               University of Melbourne and is a graduate member of the
               Australian Institute of Company Directors.                            No dividends were paid or declared during the period and no
                                                                                     dividends are recommended in respect to the financial year ended
               Committee membership                                                  30 June 2021 (2020: Nil).
               Member of Audit & Risk Committee;
               Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee                       Review of operations
                                                                                     Key activities until the date of this report include:
               Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.
                                                                                     VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray
               Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
               years: None                                                               Developed VIRALEZE™, a novel antiviral nasal spray using
                                                                                          already approved agent, SPL7013, and undertook scale-up,
               Specific skills and experience areas                                       manufacturing, and other supply chain activities, ahead of
               With over 25 years’ experience as a finance executive, including           launch.
               substantial international experience and several non-executive            Registered VIRALEZE™ in Europe and India, and
               directorships, Ms Cheng’s experience covers the majority of key            progressed regulatory activities for countries in multiple other
               areas described in Starpharma’s Board skills matrix. In particular,        regions.
               she has substantial expertise in accounting/corporate finance,            On 25 March 2021, signed a sales and distribution agreement
               audit and risk; M&A/capital markets; strategy and risk                     for VIRALEZE™ with LloydsPharmacy, one of the largest
               management; governance; as well as business development. Ms                pharmacy groups in the UK.
               Cheng has had involvement in the commercialisation of new
               innovations during her tenure at South East Water and also while          LloydsPharmacy launched VIRALEZE™ in the UK online on
               working with disruptive technology companies in Silicon Valley.            30 March 2021 and in-store in April 2021.
                                                                                         Starpharma launched VIRALEZE™ in countries in Europe in
               Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   May 2021 via its dedicated product webstore.
               Nil.
                                                                                         Advanced commercial discussions for local distribution
                                                                                          arrangements for VIRALEZE™ in India and in a number of
                                                                                          other countries, including various European countries and
                                                                                          other international regions.
               Company Secretary
                                                                                         Conducted extensive antiviral testing on the VIRALEZE™
               The Company Secretary is Mr Nigel Baade, holding the position              antiviral agent:
               since 2013. Mr Baade also holds the position of Chief Financial             o   Confirmed SPL7013 is virucidal against important
               Officer, which he has held since January 2009. Mr Baade is a                    coronavirus SARS-CoV-21 variants Delta, Alpha,
               Certified Practising Accountant (CPA) with extensive experience in              Gamma, Beta and Kappa, in laboratory studies.
               the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Prior to joining
                                                                                           o   Demonstrated potent activity of SPL7013 against
               Starpharma as Financial Controller in 2006, he has held positions
                                                                                               respiratory pathogen RSV (respiratory syncytial virus)
               at Hagemeyer, Cerylid Biosciences, Faulding (now Pfizer) and
                                                                                               and influenza, in laboratory studies, further expanding
               UMT (Fonterra). Mr Baade holds qualifications from University of
                                                                                               the potential uses for VIRALEZE™.
               Tasmania and Monash University.
                                                                                           o   Confirmed SPL7013 is active against other pandemic
               Mr Baade is a former director of BioMelbourne Network Inc, and                  respiratory viruses “SARS” and “MERS”, in laboratory
               served as its Treasurer and Chairman of the Finance, Audit and                  studies, supporting the potential use of VIRALEZE™ in
               Risk Committee. Mr Baade is a member of the Australian Institute                future pandemics.
               of Company Directors.




               1
                   SARS-CoV-2 is the virus that causes COVID-19
               16       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                             16
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

                       Published extensive antiviral data for SPL7013 (the antiviral             Virtual Annual Meeting, during a session called ‘Success
                        agent in VIRALEZE™) in the prestigious international                      Stories from Bench to Trials to Market’.
                        scientific journal, Antiviral Research2.
                                                                                             VivaGel® Portfolio
                       In a SARS-CoV-2 challenge in vivo in a humanised mouse
                        model of coronavirus infection, VIRALEZE™ administered                   VivaGel® BV achieved TGA approval for an expansion of the
                        nasally reduced viral load by >99.9% (vs. saline control) in              marketing authorisation for VivaGel® BV (Fleurstat BVgel) to
                        the lungs and trachea of animals challenged with SARS-                    include prevention of recurrent bacterial vaginosis – bringing
                        CoV-2.                                                                    the approved indications for VivaGel® BV (Fleurstat BVgel) in
                                                                                                  line with those in Europe and Asia.
                       Awarded $1 million in matched funding by the Australian




For personal use only
                        Government’s Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF)                         VivaGel® BV was launched in the Nordic region, and new
                        Biomedical Translation Bridge (BTB) Program to expedite                   regulatory approvals were also received for countries in Africa
                        development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™.                           and the Middle East, and further submissions were prepared.

                       Successfully completed a clinical safety study in humans, in             In the US, a formal dispute resolution process is ongoing with
                        which VIRALEZE™ was very well tolerated, with no notable                  the FDA as part of the regulatory process for VivaGel® BV,
                        or serious adverse events reported.                                       and COVID-19 has had an impact on timing. VivaGel® BV is
                                                                                                  not currently approved in the US.
              DEP® Drug Delivery Platform
                                                                                                 LifeStyles launched the VivaGel® condom in countries in
                       AstraZeneca expedited and expanded its DEP® AZD0466                       Europe, marketed under LifeStyles’ Manix and Akuel brands
                        clinical program, into a multi-region phase 1/2 trial, with an            of condoms as the Absolute™ Dual Protection condom.
                        initial focus on haematological cancers to support rapid
                        development and registration.                                        Corporate activities

                       Continued progress and recruitment into DEP irinotecan
                                                                            ®                    Starpharma completed an oversubscribed A$48.9 million
                        phase 2 trial, with 54 patients now recruited and trial                   share placement and share purchase plan.
                        continued to progress well, with multiple patients exhibiting
                        encouraging efficacy signals observed, including impressive          VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray
                        tumour shrinkage and reductions in tumour marker levels for          After registering VIRALEZE™ in the UK/Europe, Starpharma
                        multiple tumour types, including breast, colorectal, ovarian,        signed a sales and distribution agreement with LloydsPharmacy,
                        pancreatic, lung and oesophageal cancer. Clinical trial              one of the largest pharmacy groups in the UK. LloydsPharmacy
                        preparations continue for the addition of combinations with          launched VIRALEZE™ in the UK in March 2021, and Starpharma
                        DEP® irinotecan, thereby expanding the potential market              also launched VIRALEZE™ in other countries in Europe in May
                        opportunity.                                                         2021 via the VIRALEZE™ webstore. VIRALEZE™ was registered
                       Continued progress and recruitment into DEP® docetaxel               in India in June 2021 and the company advanced discussions for
                        clinical trials with 50 patients now recruited and with multiple     local distribution arrangements. Starpharma is also pursuing
                        patients exhibiting encouraging efficacy signals observed,           regulatory approvals, together with distribution and marketing
                        including prolonged stable disease, significant tumour               arrangements, in numerous other countries in multiple regions.
                        shrinkage, reductions in tumour marker levels including in           In parallel Starpharma conducted additional antiviral testing on the
                        patients with hard-to-treat tumours such as pancreatic,              antiviral agent in VIRALEZE™ (SPL7013) in laboratory studies,
                        oesophageal, cholangiocarcinoma, and gastric cancer.                 which demonstrated SPL7013 is virucidal, inactivating more than
                                                                                             99.99% of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID 19. As
                       Continued progress and recruitment into DEP® cabazitaxel
                                                                                             SARS-CoV-2 variants emerged during the year, Starpharma
                        phase 2 trial with 42 patients now recruited and with multiple
                                                                                             continued to undertake further antiviral testing in laboratory studies
                        patients exhibiting efficacy signals in prostate cancer,
                                                                                             which confirmed SPL7013 is virucidal against Delta, Alpha,
                        including radiological responses, significant reductions in
                                                                                             Gamma, and Beta coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 – all four variants of
                        prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and lack of new bone
                                                                                             concern, and the Kappa variant of interest. Other viruses were also
                        metastases. Multiple heavily pre-treated patients also
                                                                                             tested, and showed that SPL7013 is active against respiratory
                        exhibited efficacy signals in gastro-oesophageal, ovarian,
                                                                                             syncytial virus (RSV) and influenza, as well as other pandemic
                        cholangiocarcinoma, lung, thymic and head and neck
                                                                                             respiratory viruses “SARS” and “MERS”, in laboratory studies.
                        cancers.
                       Signed a Research Agreement with Merck & Co., Inc (MSD)              In a SARS-CoV-2 challenge in vivo in a humanised mouse model
                        to conduct a preclinical research evaluation of dendrimer-           of coronavirus infection, VIRALEZE™ protects against SARS-CoV-
                        based Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs) utilising                      2 challenge in vivo. VIRALEZE™ administered nasally reduced
                        Starpharma’s DEP® technology.                                        viral load by >99.9% (vs. saline control) in the lungs and trachea of
                                                                                             animals challenged with SARS-CoV-2.3 The study also
                       Signed and commenced a new DEP® partnership with leading
                                                                                             demonstrated protective effects of VIRALEZE™ against SARS-
                        Chinese pharmaceutical company Chase Sun to develop
                                                                                             CoV-2 in animals, consistent with the previously reported in vitro
                        several DEP® nanoparticle formulations for an anti-infective         virucidal activity of SPL7013, which reduces infectious SARS-CoV-
                        drug.
                                                                                             2, including the Delta variant, by >99.9% within 30 seconds of
                       Starpharma’s second radiopharmaceutical candidate, DEP®              exposure.
                        HER2-lutetium, outperformed in a human breast cancer
                        model.                                                               The results of the challenge study (conducted at The Scripps
                                                                                             Research Institute) have been published in the international peer-
                       Progressed development of several internal DEP® candidates           reviewed journal, Viruses, in a special issue titled, Medical
                        and programs, including DEP® gemcitabine, DEP® ADCs, and             Interventions for Treatment and Prevention of SARS-CoV-2
                        DEP® radiopharmaceutical candidates for both therapeutic             Infections.
                        and diagnostic applications.
                       Starpharma continued to progress its undisclosed DEP®                A double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical safety study
                        partnered programs.                                                  completed to support regulatory and marketing activities for
                                                                                             VIRALEZE™.
                       Developed and patented a DEP® version of Gilead’s
                        remdesivir (Veklury®) with improved injection volume and             Starpharma was awarded $1 million in matched funding by the
                        pharmacokinetic characteristics.                                     Australian Government’s Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF)
                                                                                             Biomedical Translation Bridge (BTB) Program to expedite
                       Starpharma was invited to present its DEP® technology at the
                                                                                             development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™.
                        prestigious, international Controlled Release Society (CRS)

              2
                Paull, J.R.A. et al. Virucidal and antiviral activity of astodrimer sodium   3
                                                                                               The study used the K18-hACE2 mouse model, which is an in vivo
              against SARS-CoV-2 in vitro (2021). Antiviral Research.                        humanised mouse model that expresses the human angiotensin converting
              https://doi.org/10.1016/j.antiviral.2021.105089                                enzyme (hACE2) receptor, the receptor used by SARS-CoV-2 to infect cells
                                                                                             in the human nasal cavity and respiratory tract.

                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   17

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                           17
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              VivaGel® Portfolio                                                             COVID-19 pandemic
              During the year, VivaGel® BV was launched in the Nordic region,                During the year, Starpharma’s laboratory and internal operations
              and further regulatory submissions were progressed, and                        continued to operate under a strict COVID safe plan, with minimal
              approvals were received for countries in Africa and the Middle                 disruption. Starpharma’s partners for VivaGel® BV have
              East. Starpharma and Mundipharma continued to progress                         experienced some disruption to sales and marketing activities due
              regulatory activities in a range of countries, as well as marketing            to COVID-19, and in the US, where a formal FDA review process
              activities with key opinion leaders in Europe. Starpharma’s                    is ongoing, COVID-19 has impacted timing of that review process
              partners for VivaGel® BV have experienced some disruption to                   and associated activities. Recruitment and treatment continued in
              sales and marketing activities due to COVID-19.                                all DEP® clinical trials during the period, however the impact of




For personal use only
                                                                                             COVID-19 in the UK, where DEP® trials are taking place, has had
              VivaGel® BV is currently registered in more than 45 countries. In              an effect on the programs depending on site-specific factors
              the US, the formal FDA review is ongoing, and COVID-19 has                     including the trial site location and type of hospital.
              continued to impact on timing. In Australia, VivaGel® BV achieved
              TGA approval for an expansion of the marketing authorisation for               Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year
              VivaGel® BV (Fleurstat BVgel) to include the indication of
              prevention of recurrent bacterial vaginosis – bringing the approved            No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2021
              indications for VivaGel® BV (Fleurstat BVgel) in line with those in            through the date of this report that have significantly affected, or
              Europe and Asia.                                                               may significantly affect:
              LifeStyles launched the VivaGel® condom in countries in Europe,                (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years, or
              marketed under LifeStyles’ Manix and Akuel brands of condoms as                (b) the results of those operations in future financial years, or
              the Absolute™ Dual Protection condom.                                          (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.

                                                                                             Strategy, future developments and prospects
              DEP Drug Delivery Platform
                        ®
                                                                                             Starpharma aims to create value for its shareholders through the
              The partnered DEP® program for AZD0466 continued to make                       commercial development and exploitation of proprietary products
              positive progress with AstraZeneca expanding the clinical program              based on its dendrimer technology in pharmaceutical and
              into a multi-region study in advanced haematological                           healthcare applications. The company’s key focus is to advance
              malignancies, and a transition to a combined phase 1/2 trial. The              and broaden its product pipeline, including internal and partnered
              adaptive phase 1/2 trial design is aimed at expedited transition to            DEP® programs and to advance commercial opportunities for
              phase 2, to facilitate marketing approval. Data was also recently              VivaGel® and VIRALEZE™. Starpharma intends to achieve this by
              published showing the potent anti-cancer effects of AZD0466 in a               continuing to utilise a combination of internally funded and
              malignant mesothelioma model.4                                                 partnered programs across its dendrimer portfolio. The company
                                                                                             commercialises its development pipeline with corporate partners
              During the year, Starpharma progressed its three clinical stage                via licencing and sales and distribution agreements at various
              internal DEP® assets - DEP® irinotecan, DEP® docetaxel and DEP®                stages in a product’s development lifecycle; depending on the
              cabazitaxel. Each of the phase 2 trials continued to progress well,            product, patent opportunity, a partner’s commercial strategy and
              with encouraging efficacy signals observed, and impressive                     relative strength of product and market expertise, comparison of
              tumour responses reported in heavily pre-treated patients who                  current and future potential returns, and the risks involved in
              otherwise would have limited options.                                          advancing the product to the next value inflection point or
                                                                                             milestone.
              Starpharma also continued to develop several preclinical DEP®
              programs, including DEP® gemcitabine, DEP® ADCs and DEP®
                                                                                             Starpharma’s strategy remains consistent with previous years.
              radiopharmaceutical candidates for both therapeutic and
                                                                                             Starpharma has extensive expertise, a strong intellectual property
              diagnostic applications. During the year, Starpharma’s second
                                                                                             portfolio, deep product portfolio, a culture and ability to innovate
              radiopharmaceutical candidate, DEP® HER2-lutetium,
                                                                                             and develop its technology platform to commercial opportunities,
              outperformed in a human breast cancer model. Starpharma also
                                                                                             proven risk management practices, and a strong cash position.
              applied its DEP® technology to create a long-acting, water soluble
                                                                                             The company will continue using its cash resources and revenues
              version of Gilead’s antiviral drug, remdesivir (Veklury®) which is             to invest in selected research and development activities to
              approved for use in COVID-19. Several patents in relation to DEP®              achieve its objectives.
              assets were filed during the year.
              In regard to new partnered DEP® programs, Starpharma signed a                  Proceedings on behalf of the company
              Research Agreement with leading global pharmaceutical company
              Merck & Co., Inc (MSD) to conduct a preclinical research                       No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf
              evaluation of dendrimer-based DEP® Antibody Drug Conjugates                    of the Company with leave of the Court under section 237 of the
              (ADCs) utilising Starpharma’s DEP® technology. The company                     Corporations Act 2001.
              also signed a DEP® partnership with Chase Sun to develop
              several DEP® nanoparticle formulations for an anti-infective drug.
              Building on the momentum of these partnered agreements,
              Starpharma engaged in a number of new ADC and
              radiopharmaceutical commercial discussions, and also continued
              to progress its undisclosed partnered programs.




              4
                Research paper on AZD0466 published: “A novel BH3-mimetic, AZD0466,
              targeting BCL-XL and BCL-2 is effective in a pre-clinical model of malignant
              pleural mesothelioma”.
               18       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                       18
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Review of Financials                                                  Statement of cash flows
                                                                                    The net operating cash outflows for the year were $14,808,000
                                                30 June 2021     30 June 2020       (2020: $10,776,000). Cash inflows from financing activities for the
               Income statement                        $’000            $’000       financial year include net proceeds of $46,931,000 (2020: nil)
                                                                                    resulting from an equity placement and share purchase plan.
               Revenue                                   2,151              6,556

               Cost of goods sold                        (791)              (890)   Earnings Per Share
               Other income                              1,336               559                                                    2021            2020




For personal use only
               Research and product                                                 Basic & diluted earnings/(loss) per
                                                                                                                                  ($0.05)         ($0.04)
               development expense                    (15,075)          (14,808)    share
               Commercial and regulatory
               operating expense                       (3,336)           (3,426)    Material Business Risks
               Corporate, administration and                                        The group operates in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
               finance expense                         (4,017)           (2,669)    sectors and is in the development and early commercialisation
                                                                                    phase. Any investment in these sectors is considered high-risk.
               Loss for the period                    (19,732)          (14,678)    The group is subject to normal business risks, including but not
                                                                                    limited to interest rate movements, labour conditions, government
                                                                                    policies, reputation, securities market conditions, credit risk,
              Income statement                                                      exchange rate fluctuations and a range of other factors which are
              The reported loss for the period was $19,732,000 (2020:               outside the control of the Board and management, including
              $14,678,000).                                                         (without limitation) unforeseeable events such as global
                                                                                    pandemics. More specific material risks of the sector and the
              Revenue for the year was $2,151,000 (2020: $6,556,000),               group include, but are not limited to:
              comprising $1,798,000 (2020: $6,033,000) for product sales,               Scientific, technical and clinical – product development
              royalty, and research revenue from commercial partners, and                requires a high level of scientific rigour, the outcomes of
              interest income of $353,000 (2020: $523,000). Revenue received             which cannot be known beforehand. Activities are
              from commercial partners during the year were predominately                experimental in nature, so the risk of failure, unexpected
              product sales and royalties from VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel®                    outcomes or delay is both material. Key development
              products whereas revenue from commercial partners in the prior             activities, including clinical trials, are undertaken by specialist
              year included $4,339,000 from AstraZeneca for a non-recurring              contract research organisations; and there are risks in
              US$3 million development milestone.                                        designing and completing those activities, including managing
                                                                                         the quality and timelines of these activities.
              Other income of $1,336,000 (2020:$559,000) includes $877,000 of
              grant funding received from the Medical Research Future Fund              Regulatory – products and their testing may not be approved,
              (MRFF) to expedite development and commercialisation of                    or may be delayed or withdrawn, by regulatory bodies (e.g.
              VIRALEZE™, as well as a final amount of $376,000 from phase                US Food and Drug Administration) whose approvals are
              one of the Australian Government’s COVID-19 JobKeeper                      necessary before products can be sold in market. Breach of
              scheme. Despite remaining eligible for further JobKeeper scheme            regulations, local or international law, or industry codes of
              payments following completion of the company’s successful capital          conduct may subject the company to financial penalty and
              raising, the company elected not to continue beyond the first              reputational damage.
              phase of the JobKeeper scheme which ended on 27 September                 Financial – the group currently, and since inception, does not
              2020.                                                                      receive sufficient recurrent income to cover operating
                                                                                         expenses. Although current cash reserves are sound, there is
              Research and product development expense includes the costs of             no certainty that additional capital funding may not be
              the internal DEP® drug delivery programs including DEP®                    required in the future, and no assurance can be given that
              docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel, and DEP® irinotecan, the                      such funding will be available, if required.
              VIRALEZE™ program and certain VivaGel® related expenditure. A
              contra research and development expense of $7,248,000 (2020:              Intellectual property (IP) – commercial success requires the
              $5,669,000) has been recognised for activities eligible under the          ability to develop, obtain and maintain commercially valuable
              Australian Government’s Research and Development Tax                       patents, trade secrets and confidential information. Securing,
              Incentive program.                                                         defending and maintaining IP across multiple countries and
                                                                                         preventing the infringement of the group’s exclusive rights
              Commercial and regulatory operating expense includes the                   involves management of complex legal, scientific and factual
              expenditure related to the commercialisation of VivaGel®,                  issues. The company must also operate without infringing
              VIRALEZE™ and the DEP® portfolio, including business                       upon the IP of others.
              development, regulatory, supply chain and quality assurance               Commercialisation – the company predominately relies, and
              activities.                                                                intends to largely rely, upon corporate partners to market,
                                                                                         distribute and in some cases finalise development and
              Corporate, administration and finance expense includes corporate           registration of its products, on its behalf. There are risks in
              costs, as well as gains/losses on foreign currency held. The               establishing and maintaining these relationships, and with the
              $1,348,000 increase over the prior corresponding period                    manner in which partners execute on these agreements.
              predominately reflects an unfavourable foreign currency movement
              of $1,059,000, together with increased insurance premiums.                Product supply – the company is required to manufacture and
                                                                                         supply product under certain licencing and distribution
              Balance sheet                                                              agreements, and under highly stringent quality and regulatory
                                                                                         requirements. The manufacture of product is undertaken by
              At 30 June 2021 the group’s cash position was $60,500,000 (June            specialist, regulatory approved, third party contract
              2020: $30,054,000). Trade and other receivables of $8,534,000              manufacturing organisations experienced in the sector.
              (June 2020: $6,128,000) includes $7,233,000 (June 2020:                    However, there are quality and supply delays/failure risks
              $5,670,000) receivable from the Australian Government under the            associated with the supply of product.
              R&D tax incentive program.
                                                                                        Product acceptance and competitiveness – a developed
                                                                                         product may not be considered by key opinion leaders (eg.
                                                                                         doctors), reimbursement authorities (eg. Pharmaceutical
                                                                                         Benefits Scheme listing) or the end customer to be an
                                                                                         effective alternative to products already on market, or other
                                                                                         products may be preferred.
                                                                                                         STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   19

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                19
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

                       Product liability – a claim or product recall may significantly     Meetings of Directors
                        impact the company. Insurance, at an acceptable cost, may
                        not be available or be adequate to cover liability claims or any    The number of meetings of the company’s Board of Directors and
                        product recall costs (if any) if a product is found to be unsafe.   of each committee held during the year ended 30 June 2021, and
                                                                                            the numbers of meetings attended by each director were:
                       Key personnel – the company’s success and achievements
                        against timelines depend on key members of its highly                                                               Remuneration
                        qualified, specialised and experienced management and                                                Audit & Risk    & Nomination
                        scientific teams. The ability to retain and attract such             Directors            Board        Committee       Committee
                        personnel is important.




For personal use only
                                                                                            J K Fairley                  10 of 10                     N/A                     N/A
                       Grant and R&D incentives – the company may undertake
                        R&D activities part-funded by incentive programs (eg. R&D           R A Hazleton       1            5 of 5                 1 of 1                  2 of 2
                        tax credits) and under other competitive grants. There is no
                                                                                            Z Peach                      10 of 10                  0 of 0                  3 of 3
                        certainty that grants or incentive programs will continue to be
                        available to the company, and changes in government policy          R B Thomas                   10 of 10                  2 of 2                  3 of 3
                        may reduce their applicability.
                       Cyber security and data protection – the company recognises         P R Turvey2                   8 of 10                  2 of 2                  0 of 1
                        the increasing risk associated with cyber security and the
                        potential impact on business operations.                            D J McIntyre                 10 of 10                  2 of 2                     N/A

              In accordance with good business practice in the pharmaceutical               The table above illustrates the number of meetings attended
              industry, the group’s management actively and routinely employs a             compared with the number of meetings held during the period that
              variety of risk management strategies. These are broadly                      the director held office or was a member of the committee. “N/A”
              described in the Corporate Governance Statement (section 7.2                  denotes that the director is not a member of the relevant
              Risk assessment and management).                                              committee.
                                                                                            1   R A Hazleton retired as a non-executive director at the conclusion of the 2020 AGM,
                                                                                                on 20 November 2020.
              Health and Safety                                                             2   P R Turvey was granted a special leave of absence during the year for health reasons.
                                                                                                P R Turvey resigned as a non-executive director on 29 July 2021.
              The Board, Chief Executive Officer and senior management team
              of the group are committed to providing and maintaining a safe
              and healthy working environment for the company’s employees
              and anyone entering its premises or with connections to the
              company’s business operations. Employees are encouraged to
              actively participate in the management of occupational health and
              safety (OH&S) issues. The company has adopted an OH&S Policy
              and has an established OH&S Committee as part of its overall
              approach to workplace safety. The OH&S Committee provides a
              forum for management and employees to consult on health and
              safety matters. The primary role of the OH&S Committee is to
              coordinate the development and implementation of OH&S policy
              and procedures, to consider any work-related safety matters or
              incidents, and to ensure compliance with relevant legislation and
              guidelines. The committee includes representatives of
              management, and employees from each operational area
              generally in proportion to the number of people working in the area
              and the perceived safety risks associated with working in that area.

              The OH&S Committee meets on a regular basis over the year.
              Updates on OH&S matters are provided at Board meetings.

              Additional OH&S practices were implemented and monitored since
              the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, under the guidance of
              a specific COVID-19 management response team. Measures
              implemented include working from home and social distancing
              requirements.

              Environment and Regulation
              The group is subject to environmental regulations and other
              licenses in respect of its research and development facilities.
              There are adequate systems in place to ensure compliance with
              relevant Federal, State and Local environmental regulations and
              the Board is not aware of any breach of applicable environmental
              regulations by the group. There were no significant changes in
              laws or regulations during the 2021 financial year or since the end
              of the year affecting the business activities of the group, and the
              Board is not aware of any such changes in the near future.




               20       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                      20
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              The remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2021 sets out remuneration information for non-executive directors, executive directors and
              other key management personnel of the group. The remuneration report is presented under the following sections:

                        1.   Introduction, including impact of COVID-19 on remuneration
                        2.   Remuneration governance
                        3.   Non-executive director remuneration policy
                        4.   Executive remuneration policy
                                  a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
                                  b) Remuneration principles and strategy




For personal use only
                                  c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
                                  d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY21
                        5.   Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
                        6.   Details of remuneration
                        7.   Executive employment agreements
                        8.   Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes

              1. Introduction

              Remuneration strategy
              Starpharma aims to ensure that its remuneration strategy aligns the interests of its executives and employees with those of its shareholders. In
              framing its remuneration strategy, the Board is conscious that Starpharma only has a small number of employees (~50) so endeavours to keep
              its remuneration relatively straightforward. Starpharma’s staff are required to have specialist knowledge and experience allowing them to
              develop products over the medium to long-term. The fact that Starpharma operates in a global pharmaceutical industry environment also
              influences its remuneration strategy.

              The structure of remuneration comprises fixed remuneration, short-term incentives (“STI”) in both cash and equity, and equity based long-term
              incentives (“LTI”). Starpharma’s remuneration structure is transparent and based on Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) which are designed to
              align with the interests of shareholders and to reward performance across multi-year timeframes related to product development value-adding
              milestones. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events and circumstances not envisaged.

              Impact of COVID-19 on remuneration
              Given the ongoing global uncertainty and evolving situation related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board determined not to increase fixed
              remuneration for KMP executives for the financial year from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 despite significant additional activities related to
              operations under COVID-19, and the development of VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray. In assessing KMP STI performance for FY21 and
              FY20, the Board utilised existing KPIs and in some cases took account of major developments during the review period such as , the
              development and launch of VIRALEZE™ which was not previously contemplated before the pandemic. Additionally, the Board exercised its
              discretion to issue performance rights with a vesting date of 30 June 2021 (subject to continued employment) in lieu of cash bonuses for FY20.
              While this initiative resulted in higher share-based payments in FY20 and FY21 than previous years, the Board believed it would conserve cash,
              act as a retention incentive and further align executive and shareholder outcomes. The conversion of cash bonuses to equity for FY20 has had
              a one-off impact on the KMP executive target remuneration mix for FY21.

              In the course of assessing the CEO’s achievement of long term KPIs for the three-year period to 30 June 2021, the Board identified specific
              areas where performance measures should be partly amended due to unforeseen circumstances and opportunities, associated with the
              persisting COVID-19 conditions, and as such, determined to use its discretion to adjust for appropriate outcomes. The circumstances relate to
              the unforeseen development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™ nasal spray the impact on clinical timelines with pauses on patient
              recruitment of the DEP® and potential VivaGel® BV clinical trials due to COVID-19 and the associated impact on partnering opportunities. The
              Board carefully exercised independent judgement and discretion in relation to these specific long term KPIs to ensure that the remuneration
              outcomes appropriately reflect the overall performance of Starpharma during the period, to align with the experience of shareholders while also
              taking into consideration the unforeseen impacts of the global pandemic.

              The impacts of COVID-19 on the business are detailed further in the operating and financial report. COVID-19 government incentives, including
              JobKeeper, totalled $438,500. Starpharma received payments under the first phase of the JobKeeper scheme to 27 September 2020, and was
              able to maintain its staff working through the multiple Victorian lockdowns, with these receipts mitigating some of the increased expense
              associated with the management of clinical trials and other COVID-19 related costs. Despite remaining eligible, following the successful capital
              raising in September/October, Starpharma elected not to continue beyond the first phase of the JobKeeper scheme which ended on 27
              September 2020.

              Key management personnel
              The remuneration report details the remuneration arrangements for key management personnel (“KMP”) who are defined as those persons
              having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the group, directly or indirectly including any
              director (whether executive or otherwise) of the parent.

              The table below outlines the KMP of the group during the financial year ended 30 June 2021. The individuals were KMP for the entire financial
              year, except where indicated in the table below. For the purposes of this report, the term “KMP executives” includes the executive director and
              other KMP executives of the group. “Other KMP executives” refers to KMP executives excluding the CEO. Profiles for each of the directors and
              company secretary can be found at the beginning of the Directors’ Report.

              (i) Non-executive directors                                                       (ii) Executive director
              R B Thomas               Non-executive Chairman                                                        Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director
                                                                                                J K Fairley
                                                                                                                     (CEO)
                                       Non-executive Director (Deputy Chairman),
              P R Turvey
                                       resigned 29 July 2021
                                                                                               (iii) Other KMP executives
                                       Non-executive Director, retired
              R A Hazleton
                                       20 November 2020                                        N J Baade             Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary
              Z Peach                  Non-executive Director                                  A Eglezos             VP, Business Development
              D J McIntyre             Non-executive Director                                  D J Owen              VP, Research
                                       Non-executive Director, appointed
              L Cheng                                                                          J R Paull             VP, Development & Regulatory Affairs
                                       1 August 2021
                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021    21
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                            21
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               2. Remuneration governance
               The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, consisting of three independent non-executive directors, advises the Board on remuneration
               policies and practices generally, and makes specific recommendations on remuneration packages and other terms of employment for
               non-executive directors, KMP executives and other senior executives. Where required, external remuneration advice may be sought by the
               Remuneration and Nomination Committee or the Board.

               Specifically, the Board approves the remuneration arrangements of the CEO including awards made under the STI and LTI plans, following
               recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board approves, having regard to recommendations made by the




For personal use only
               CEO to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the level of remuneration, including STI and LTI awards, for executives. The Board also
               sets the aggregate fee pool for non-executive directors (which is subject to shareholder approval) and non-executive director fee levels.

               The company’s remuneration structure aims to:
                       Attract and retain exceptional people to lead and manage the group and to support internal development of executive talent within the
                        group, recognising that Starpharma is operating in a competitive global pharmaceutical industry environment;
                       Drive sustainable growth and returns to shareholders, as executives are set both short-term and long-term performance targets which are
                        linked to the core activities necessary to build competitive advantages and shareholder value;
                       Motivate and reward superior performance by the executive team whilst aligning performance elements/KPIs to the interests of
                        shareholders; and
                       Create a respectful culture based on superior performance and innovation through appropriately structured individual assessments.

               Benchmarking
               Extensive salary and remuneration benchmarking is undertaken by Starpharma each year for executive and non-executive positions.
               Starpharma benchmarks fixed and total remuneration against employment positions of comparable specialisation, size and responsibility within
               the industry. Fixed remuneration is supplemented by providing incentives (variable remuneration) to reward superior performance.

               Performance reviews
               At the beginning of a performance period all staff have KPIs set, specific to their role. At the conclusion of the performance period a
               performance review against these KPIs is conducted and this feeds into the annual salary review process. The performance reviews consider
               behavioural and cultural aspects of performance, as well as objective planning and professional and personal development. The objective of the
               salary review is to ensure that all employees are appropriately remunerated based on performance, that remuneration is competitive within the
               relevant industry sector, and that increases in employees’ skills and responsibilities are recognised. During the year a performance review of all
               staff took place in accordance with this process. As part of the process, each employee’s performance is assessed against their pre-agreed
               individual KPIs and/or business unit performance and corporate KPIs and this assessment determines, subject to business considerations such
               as cash availability, if an incentive award is payable, and if so, at what level.

               Use of remuneration consultants
               If remuneration consultants are to be engaged to provide remuneration recommendations as defined in section 9B of the Corporations Act 2001,
               they are to be engaged by, and report directly to, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. No remuneration consultants have been
               engaged to provide such remuneration services during the financial year.

               Voting at the company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting (AGM)
               Of the votes cast on the company’s remuneration report for the 2020 financial year, over 82% were in favour of the resolution.

               As part of the group’s commitment to continuous improvement, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board consider
               comments made by shareholders and proxy advisers in respect of remuneration related issues. Members of the Remuneration and Nomination
               Committee routinely engage with proxy advisors to discuss a range of governance and remuneration matters.




               22       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                   22
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              Starpharma remuneration process summary




                                                                                     BOARD
                         Has overall responsibility for oversight of Starpharma’s remuneration policy and its principles and processes, and ensures
                         appropriate benchmarking and the group’s ability to pay are considered in remuneration related decision making.




For personal use only
                         Following recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Board considers and approves:
                                  Starpharma’s executive remuneration policy;
                                  The remuneration packages of the CEO and other senior executives;
                                  The ‘at-risk’ components of executive remuneration packages, including the structure and operation of equity based
                                   plans; and
                                  The remuneration of non-executive directors.




                                  Oversee
                                     &
                                  Approve                     Inform &
                                                               Recom-
                                                                mend                                                          REMUNERATION
                                                                                                                           CONSULTANTS & OTHER
                                                                                                                            EXTERNAL ADVISORS
                            REMUNERATION & NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                         Where required, support the
                                                                                              Support & Advise          Remuneration and Nomination
                          Reviews and recommends the following to the Board:                                            Committee by providing
                                  Starpharma’s executive remuneration                                                  independent advice on matters
                                   policies;                                                                            including:
                                  Specific remuneration recommendations for                                                 Benchmarking data;
                                   the CEO and other senior executives;                                                      Legal and regulatory
                                  Remuneration for non-executive directors;                                                  advice on remuneration
                                  Design of incentive plans; and                        Engage & Oversee                     related issues for directors
                                  Impacts of external market factors.                                                        and executives; and
                                                                                                                             Advice on incentive plans.



                               Oversee
                                  &
                               Approve                       Inform &
                                                              Recom-
                                                               mend


                                                  CEO

                         Reviews and recommends remuneration
                         arrangements and outcomes of performance
                         assessments to the Remuneration and Nomination
                         Committee for senior executives.




              Further information on the Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s role, responsibilities and membership is outlined in the charter available
              at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

              Trading in company securities
              The trading of shares issued to participants under any of the company’s employee equity plans is governed by the company’s securities dealing
              policy. All employees and directors are prohibited from entering into any hedging arrangements over unvested securities and from margin
              lending on Starpharma securities. Further information regarding the company’s dealing in securities policy is set out in the Corporate
              Governance Statement and the policy is available at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

              Clawback of remuneration
              In the reasonable opinion of the Board, if a KMP executive has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may determine that any equity right
              (including an exercisable, vested right) should lapse.




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   23

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                       23
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              3. Non-executive director remuneration policy
              Determination of fees and the maximum aggregate fee pool
              The Board seeks to set non-executive directors’ fees at a level which provides the group with the ability to attract and retain non-executive
              directors of the highest calibre with relevant professional expertise. The fees also reflect the demands which are made on, and the
              responsibilities of, the non-executive directors, whilst incurring a cost which is acceptable to shareholders.

              Non-executive directors’ fees and the aggregate fee pool are reviewed annually by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee against fees
              paid to non-executive directors in a group of comparable peer companies within the biotechnology sector and relevant companies in the broader




For personal use only
              ASX-listed market. The Chairman’s fees are determined by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee independently of the fees of non-
              executive directors based on the same role, again using benchmarking data from comparable companies in the biotechnology sector. The
              Board is ultimately responsible for approving any changes to non-executive director fees, upon consideration of recommendations put forward
              by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

              The company’s constitution and the ASX listing rules specify that the non-executive directors’ maximum aggregate fee pool shall be determined
              from time to time by a general meeting of shareholders. The latest determination was at the AGM held on 20 November 2014 when
              shareholders approved an aggregate fee pool of $550,000. The Board will not seek any increase in the non-executive directors’ maximum fee
              pool at the 2021 AGM.

              Fee policy
              Non-executive directors’ fees consist of base fees and committee fees. The payment of committee fees recognises the additional time,
              responsibility and commitment required by non-executive directors who serve on board committees. The Chairman of the Board is a member of
              all committees but does not receive any committee fees in addition to his base fee. From 1 July 2020, the Deputy Chair base fee was increased
              to $73,000 to further recognise the additional responsibility, time and commitment of the position, and to ensure the applicable board fees did
              not increase in FY21, the Chair reduced his base fee by $5,000.

              Non-executive directors did not receive bonuses or forms of equity securities, or any performance-related remuneration during the financial
              year. Statutory superannuation contributions are required under the Australian superannuation guarantee legislation to be paid on any fees paid
              to Australian directors. There are no retirement allowances paid to non-executive directors. The non-executive directors’ fees reported below
              include any statutory superannuation contributions.

              Fees paid in FY21
              The aggregate amount paid to non-executive directors for the year ended 30 June 2021 was $396,902 (2020: $392,167). The details of
              remuneration for each non-executive director for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 are outlined in the tables in section 6.

              Proposed fee adjustments for FY22
              From 1 July 2021, the Chair base fee will increase $5,000 to $134,000 (reverting back to the FY20 level), with the base director fees to increase
              $2,000 to $70,000 for non-executive directors. Committee chair and member fees will increase $500 to $11,000 for the committee chair and
              $5,000 for a committee member. The proposed fees, based on benchmarks, compared to the FY21 levels are outlined in the table below.

                                                                                                                           Proposed Fees        Actual Fees to
               Annual Non-Executive Directors’ Fees                                                                      from 1 July 2021        30 June 2021
               Board fees                                                                                                                 $                   $

               Chair (no additional fees for serving on Board committees)                                                          134,000              129,000
               Deputy Chair                                                                                                         73,000               73,000
               Base fee for other non-executive directors                                                                           70,000               68,000

               Committee fees
               Audit and Risk Committee                                                         Chair                               11,000               10,500
                                                                                                Member                                5,000               4,500
               Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                            Chair                               11,000               10,500
                                                                                                Member                                5,000               4,500




               24       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                  24
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              4. Executive remuneration policy
              a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
              The group aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration appropriate to their position, skills, experience and responsibilities,
              whilst being market competitive and enabling the company to retain staff whilst structuring awards which conserve cash reserves.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, together with the Board, actively reviews the group’s remuneration structure, and benchmarks
              the overall package and proportion of fixed remuneration, short-term incentives and long-term incentives against relevant industry comparators
              to ensure the policy objectives are met and are in-line with good corporate practice for Starpharma’s size, industry and stage of development.




For personal use only
              Remuneration levels are considered annually through the remuneration review, which considers industry benchmarks and the performance of
              the group and the individual. Other factors taken into account in determining remuneration include a demonstrated record of performance and
              the group’s ability to pay. In the case of executives, the CEO provides recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

              At the beginning of FY21, given the global uncertainty and evolving situation related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board determined not to
              increase fixed remuneration for KMP executives for the year ended 30 June 2021.

              Starpharma undertakes remuneration benchmarking each year with reference to multiple industry peers, together with, where appropriate, other
              benchmarking reports which apply to specific positions. A group of peer companies are included in the benchmarking exercise, from within the
              pharma/biotechnology sector. As the Board determined not to increase fixed remuneration for FY21, the annual benchmarking was not
              conducted in respect to the year. In the previous benchmarking conducted, for FY20, the peer companies included Bionomics, Clinuvel,
              Immutep, Impedimed, Imugene, Mayne Pharma, Medical Developments International, Mesoblast, Monash IVF, Nanosonics, Neuren,
              Pharmaxis, Polynovo, Opthea, Osprey, Telix, and Virtus Health. Starpharma typically reviews and develops this benchmark list of peer
              companies annually to add and remove companies based on their current operations; their size; market capitalisation; and the complexity of
              their business. For some executive roles it may be necessary to add or modify the composition of the peer group to ensure comparable roles are
              benchmarked.

              In reviewing the benchmarking data and determining the level of CEO pay, the Board considers the experience and calibre of its CEO in
              comparison to Starpharma’s industry peers, ensuring that remuneration is commensurate with talent, skills and experience. There are no
              guaranteed base pay increases or bonuses in any executive contracts.

              The CEO has a maximum cash bonus entitlement as a component of STI, which for FY21 was $249,775, representing a target of 15% of total
              remuneration. Other executives do not have a pre-specified maximum cash bonus entitlement; however, bonuses are awarded from a target
              shared pool for executives as a percentage of total fixed remuneration, based on personal and business unit KPIs and subject to cash
              availability. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee considers that this approach provides flexibility in rewarding superior executive
              performance and is appropriate for the size of the company at this time, enabling it to manage its cash reserves as required. For FY21, the STI
              target cash bonus pool for other KMP executives was 27% of fixed remuneration to align with the strategy to balance the STI ‘at risk’ portions of
              remuneration for other KMP executives between cash and equity.




                                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   25

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                        25
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)
               b) Remuneration principles and strategy
               The group’s executive remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals and align the interests of
               executives with shareholders, recognising it is operating in the international pharmaceutical industry, and is summarised below.


                                                                      Remuneration strategy linkages to group objectives




For personal use only
                    Align the interests of executives with shareholders                        Attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals
                          The remuneration framework incorporates “at risk”                       The remuneration offering is competitive for companies of similar
                           components, which are determined by performance, through                 size and complexity within the industry through benchmarking
                           STI and LTI
                                                                                                   The mix of short and longer-term remuneration encourages
                          Performance is assessed against a suite of measures                      retention and performance across multiple years as appropriate
                           relevant to the success of the group and generating growth               for the lifecycle of the group
                           and returns for shareholders




                    Component                               Vehicle                          Purpose                             Link to Performance

                    Fixed remuneration                      Base salary, superannuation      To provide competitive fixed        Group and individual performance
                                                            contributions and other          remuneration set with reference     are considered during the annual
                                                            benefits (breakdown of fixed     to the role, market and             remuneration review.
                                                            remuneration is at the           experience.
                                                            executive’s discretion).

                    Short-Term Incentives (STI)             Cash and equity                  Rewards executives for their        Allocation of cash bonuses and
                                                                                             contribution to achievement of      vesting of equity linked to internal
                    (Performance period of less             The equity instrument is         business outcomes. Deferred         KPIs, both business unit and
                    than 3 years)                           currently performance rights,    equity acts as a retention tool     corporate, over the medium term
                                                            which is based on a              and aligns with interests of        which are important drivers of value
                                                            performance assessment, with     shareholders.                       and typical within the biotechnology
                                                            a one year performance                                               industry. For example, achievement
                                                            period and deferred vesting of                                       of specified development, clinical,
                                                            a further one year, subject to                                       regulatory and commercial
                                                            continued employment.                                                milestones.

                    Long-Term Incentives (LTI)              Equity                           Rewards executives for their        Vesting of grants are dependent on
                                                                                             contribution to the creation of     internal measures, both business
                    (Performance period of                  The equity instrument is         shareholder value over the          unit and corporate over the longer
                    3 years or more)                        currently performance rights     longer term, acts as a retention    term; and total shareholder return
                                                            with a 3-year performance        tool and aligns with interests of   (TSR) relative to the S&P/ASX300
                                                            period.                          shareholders.                       Index.



               The target remuneration mix is outlined in the diagrams below.

               Target Remuneration Mix




               The STI and LTI components of remuneration are variable and are linked to pre-determined performance conditions, such as KPIs, that are
               designed to reward executives based on the company’s performance, the performance of the relevant business unit and demonstrated
               individual superior performance. The details are outlined on pages 27 to 30 of this report.




               26       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                         26
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               To achieve the target remuneration mix, the below performance pay structure was adopted in FY21 and is consistent with the prior years. In
              FY21 there was additional STI equity awarded related to FY20 performance as no cash bonuses were awarded to KMP executives for the
              performance period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020, with STI equity awarded in lieu of cash bonuses.




For personal use only
              c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
              Starpharma Short-Term Incentives (STI) – includes cash bonus and short-term equity

              The group operates an annual STI program available to executives and awards cash and equity incentives subject to the attainment of clearly
              defined KPIs. The STI is ‘at risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving relevant KPIs.


                   Who participates?                Executives

                   How are STIs delivered?          Cash bonus and performance rights, both based on a one year performance period, with the
                                                    performance rights conditional upon a deferred vesting date of a further one year, subject to continued
                                                    employment.
                                                    Providing some rights that vest in the short-term allows the company to preserve cash by offering
                                                    equity as a short-term incentive in addition to smaller cash bonuses. This is common practice for
                                                    companies at a similar stage of their life cycle.
                                                    During FY21 the CEO and executives were awarded STI equity with a 1 year performance period
                                                    (1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021), with a deferred vesting date of 30 June 2022 dependent on continued
                                                    employment to the vesting date. With no cash bonuses awarded to KMP executives for the
                                                    performance period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020, STI equity was awarded in FY21 in lieu of FY20 cash
                                                    bonuses being paid. These rights had a deferred vesting date of 30 June 2021 dependent on continued
                                                    employment to the vesting date.

                   What is the STI opportunity?     The STI opportunity is a target of ~25% and ~20% of total remuneration for the CEO and other KMP
                                                    executives, respectively. The CEO STI opportunity for FY21 was equal to the 25% target, comprising of
                                                    a cash component (~60%) and an equity component (~40%). The STI cash opportunity component was
                                                    equivalent to 45% of total fixed remuneration.
                                                    As outlined above, due to the uncertainties of the impact of COVID-19, no cash bonuses were awarded
                                                    to KMP executives for the performance period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020, however STI equity was
                                                    awarded in lieu of cash bonuses in recognition of KMP executives achieving important milestones in
                                                    their pre-determined KPIs, which were described in last year’s report. KMP executives were awarded
                                                    STI equity for the 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 performance period based on the achievement of their
                                                    pre-determined KPIs.
                                                    In FY21, other KMP executives had an average target STI opportunity of 29% of total remuneration.
                                                    The cash bonuses awarded to other KMP executives in FY21 equated to an average of 12% of total
                                                    remuneration or an average of 27% of total fixed remuneration, based on achievements in the year.
                                                    The result of STI decisions made in FY20 is that the FY21 reported STI for the CEO was 31% (target
                                                    25%) of total remuneration and for other KMP executives an average of 29% (target 20%) of total
                                                    remuneration.




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   27

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                      27
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)


                    What are the STI                         Actual STI payments awarded to each executive depend on the extent to which they meet specific KPIs
                    performance conditions for               set at the beginning of the period. The KPIs are typical of a biotechnology company at Starpharma’s
                    FY21?                                    stage of development, and may include corporate KPIs and business unit KPIs relating to strategic and
                                                             operational objectives. Details of the corporate KPIs for performance, which was assessed during FY21,
                                                             are explained in section 5 of the remuneration report. Given the company’s stage of development,
                                                             financial metrics (such as earnings per share) are not entirely relevant in linking pay to performance.




For personal use only
                                                             The proportion of performance measures applicable in determining STI awards for the CEO and other
                                                             executives are noted in the table below:
                                                                                              Corporate KPIs                      Business Units KPIs

                                                                STI cash bonus                CEO 100%                            Other executives 100%

                                                                STI performance rights        CEO 100%                            Other executives 70%
                                                                                              Other executives 30%

                                                                Details regarding LTI performance conditions are contained on page 29.

                    How is performance                       At the end of each performance period (typically annually), after consideration of actual performance
                    assessed?                                against KPIs, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends for Board approval of the
                                                             amount of STI to be paid from the maximum entitlement to the CEO.
                                                             For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee seeks
                                                             recommendations from the CEO, and then makes recommendations to the Board.

                    When is performance                      The end of the financial year corresponds with the end of each performance period. Performance is
                    assessed and when are                    assessed following the end of the financial year to allow for timely disclosure in the annual remuneration
                    awards paid or vest?                     report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                             The STI cash component is paid approximately three months following the end of the financial year and
                                                             once the performance assessment review is complete.
                                                             For STI equity, a proportion of rights, based on the performance assessment, will remain available
                                                             (deferred) to vest on 30 June the following year. Any rights forfeited based on the performance
                                                             assessment will be forfeited within the first three months of the new financial year following the
                                                             performance assessment.
                                                             The vesting of deferred rights on 30 June is subject to the continued employment condition being
                                                             satisfied. Once vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed
                                                             exercise windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is
                                                             15 years from grant date.

                    Is performance against KPIs              Whilst the company’s policy is not to disclose commercially sensitive information, consistent with best
                    disclosed?                               practice disclosure obligations, it will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the extent
                                                             commercially practicable.
                                                             Specific metrics are applied to each KPI to assist in the assessment undertaken for each performance
                                                             period. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events and circumstances
                                                             not envisaged.

                    Contractual entitlement?                 Only the CEO has a STI cash bonus entitlement whereby the maximum amount achievable is set. There
                                                             is no predetermined STI equity entitlement. No other executive service agreements contain any
                                                             contractual entitlement to STI cash or equity.

                    What happens if an                       If an employee ceases employment, all unvested rights lapse except for certain circumstances relating to
                    executive leaves?                        a “good leaver”. The “good leaver” provisions allow the Board to determine the accelerated vesting of the
                                                             rights if the employee ceases employment due to death, illness, permanent disability, redundancy or any
                                                             other circumstance approved by the Board after considering the portion of the performance period that
                                                             has elapsed and the extent to which performance conditions have been met.

                    What happens on a change                 Board discretion, after considering the portion of the performance period that has elapsed and the extent
                    of control?                              to which performance conditions have been met.

                    What happens in the case of              If, in the opinion of the Board, an employee has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may
                    fraud/dishonesty?                        determine that any unvested right granted to that employee, or any vested right, not exercised, would
                                                             lapse.

                    Re-testing                               There is no re-testing of KPIs in subsequent years if performance conditions are not met.

                    How is the conversion of                 The conversion of performance rights is currently satisfied by the issue of new shares, rather than a
                    performance rights to shares             purchase of shares on market, to conserve the company’s cash reserves. This is common practice for
                    satisfied?                               companies at a similar stage of their life cycle. This is reviewed periodically and purchases of shares on
                                                             market may be undertaken in the future if appropriate.

                    Are performance rights                   Performance rights - whether unvested, or vested and not exercised, are not eligible to receive
                    eligible for dividends?                  dividends.

               28       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                              28
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              Starpharma Long-Term Incentives (LTI) – Equity

              Participation in these plans is at the Board’s discretion. For key appointments, an initial allocation of long-term equity incentives may be offered
              as a component of the initial employment agreement. The LTI is ‘at-risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving the relevant KPIs.


                   Who participates?                   Executives

                   How are LTIs delivered?             Performance rights with a performance/vesting period of 3 years or more. The LTI performance rights
                                                       awarded during FY21 have 3 year performance periods for all executives.




For personal use only
                   What is the LTI opportunity?        The CEO’s LTI opportunity for FY21 was 41% of total remuneration. For other KMP executives, the LTI
                                                       opportunity for FY21 was ~30% of total remuneration. As outlined in section 4 of the remuneration
                                                       report, the target LTI opportunity is 40% and 30% of total remuneration for the CEO and other KMP
                                                       executives, respectively.

                   What are the LTI performance        Corporate KPIs reflect long-term (3 year) strategic, operational and financial management objectives.
                   conditions for rights granted       These relate to key value creating events and significant milestones that are linked to Starpharma’s
                   in FY21?                            business areas. For the performance period to 30 June 2021 these were:
                                                                The monetisation of the VivaGel® and Drug Delivery portfolios represented by the completion
                                                                 of a number of commercial deals that build shareholder value and/or generate income; and
                                                                The development of new DEP® candidates and/or the licensing of DEP® candidates.
                                                       Due to the commercially sensitive nature of the specific performance metrics within these KPIs,
                                                       Starpharma will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the extent commercially
                                                       practicable in the annual report.
                                                       In maintaining the link between executive remuneration outcomes and the returns to shareholders,
                                                       relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) is considered a relevant performance condition in respect of
                                                       LTIs. The relative TSR hurdle reflects Starpharma’s TSR compared to the S&P/ASX300
                                                       Accumulation Index (Index), and includes share price growth, and any dividends and capital returns.
                                                       The Board has chosen this Index for the TSR comparator group as it provides an external, market-
                                                       based performance measure to which the company’s performance can be compared in relative terms.
                                                       The Index is considered appropriate as it provides a comparison of shareholder returns that is
                                                       relevant to investors, and reflects the aspiration of the company.
                                                       The Board considers that the Index is a more appropriate comparator than a customised group of
                                                       peer companies due to the inherent volatility of each of these companies, typical within the
                                                       biotechnology industry. In the past, the performance of Starpharma’s industry peers has been
                                                       particularly volatile, with a number of companies experiencing significant decreases in market
                                                       capitalisation, and a number have gone through some type of corporate activity (e.g. takeovers) or
                                                       are no longer ASX listed. Given that the relative TSR is measured over a three year period, the Index
                                                       is favoured as a more stable and appropriate comparator. Also, the published S&P/ASX 200
                                                       Healthcare Index was considered as a possible comparator, however, was determined to be
                                                       inappropriate given its concentrated composition including CSL Limited and other large service
                                                       oriented companies, such as private hospitals. Each year, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                       Committee, and the Board, review the suitability of the Index as a comparator.
                                                       To achieve the full relative TSR performance condition, Starpharma’s TSR must achieve 10% per
                                                       annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index, which is considered a realistic stretch target.

                                                       The table below sets out the percentage of performance rights that will vest depending on the
                                                       company’s TSR compared to the Index over the relevant period.


                                                        Annualised Starpharma TSR compared                  Percentage of rights subject to the relative
                                                        with the Index                                      TSR performance condition which vest

                                                        Below Index                                         0%

                                                        Equal to Index                                      50%

                                                        Between Index and Index + 9.99%                     Pro rata basis from 51% to 99%

                                                        At least 10% per annum above Index                  100%
                                                        (or ≥ 30% over 3 years)

                                                       For example, if the TSR of the Index is 10% per annum, then Starpharma would need to achieve a
                                                       TSR of 20% per annum or more for all of the relative TSR related performance rights to vest. The
                                                       above hurdle recognises the return that investors expect when investing in the biotechnology sector.
                                                       The Board considers an additional return of 10% per annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index to
                                                       be a realistic stretch target for all relative TSR rights to vest.




                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   29

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                          29
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)


                                                               The performance measures applicable in determining LTI awards for the CEO and other executives
                                                               and the relative proportions are noted in the table below:

                                                                                             Corporate KPIs            TSR                   Business Unit KPIs

                                                                 CEO                         70%                       30%                   N/A




For personal use only
                                                                 Other executives            15%                       15%                   70%

                                                               The Board considers 30% and 15% of LTI equity as the appropriate portion for relative TSR for the
                                                               CEO and other executives, respectively. In determining the percentages, the Board considered input
                                                               from investors and proxy advisers to arrive at a level that is considered meaningful as a measure of
                                                               performance, and sufficient to be relevant.
                                                               The relative TSR performance measure does not allow for a portion of the award to vest at below
                                                               median performance, which is consistent with good market practice. Additionally, the Board maintains
                                                               absolute discretion in finalising remuneration outcomes for incentive-based awards to the CEO and
                                                               other executives. The Board may exercise its discretion (either up or down) to take into account the
                                                               impacts of external market conditions outside the control of management. The Board is cognisant of
                                                               ensuring fairness and that any exercise of discretion reinforces Starpharma’s strategy and
                                                               remuneration policy. Accordingly, in the event that the Index has performed particularly poorly, the
                                                               Board may exercise its discretion to prevent excessive executive awards in years of poor shareholder
                                                               returns.

                    How is performance                         At the end of each performance period, after consideration of actual performance against KPIs, the
                    assessed?                                  Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends the amount of LTIs to vest to the CEO for
                                                               approval by the Board. For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                               Committee seeks recommendations from the CEO, and then make recommendations to the Board.
                                                               Relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm with specialist expertise.

                    When is performance                        The end of the financial year corresponds with the end of each performance period. Performance is
                    assessed and when are                      assessed following the end of the financial year to allow for the timely disclosure in the annual
                    awards paid or vest?                       remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                               For LTI equity, the rights will vest on 30 September following the performance assessment. Once
                                                               vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed exercise
                                                               windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is 15 years
                                                               from grant date.

                    Is performance against KPIs
                                                               Same as for STI.
                    disclosed?

                    Contractual entitlement?                   There are no predetermined LTI equity entitlements.

                    What happens if an executive
                    leaves?                                    Same as for STI.

                    What happens on a change of
                                                               Same as for STI.
                    control?
                    What happens in the case of
                    fraud/dishonesty?                          Same as for STI.

                    Re-testing                                 Same as for STI.
                    How is the conversion of
                    performance rights to shares               Same as for STI.
                    satisfied?
                    Are performance rights eligible
                                                               Same as for STI.
                    for dividends?




               30       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                          30
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY21
              In FY21, the Board determined the number of rights granted for STI and LTI equity based on the face value of rights (see below) and the target
              remuneration mix as set out on page 26.

              Starpharma uses and reports face value for determining the allocation of equity as it provides transparency on the value of the allocations
              compared with fair value. This practice reflects the increasingly accepted view by industry that presenting remuneration equity at face value
              provides a more accurate representation of the true value of that equity and for users to understand the value of these awards.

              The face value of each right is based on the volume weighted average price (“VWAP”) of the company’s shares traded on the ASX over the




For personal use only
              3 month period to 30 June 2020, which reflects the beginning of the performance period. The 3 month period has been determined to be the
              appropriate duration for the calculation of the VWAP as it limits any unintended consequences of short-term volatility in the company’s share
              price and is consistent with the duration used in the calculation of TSR for the relative TSR performance condition. The face value is not
              adjusted for changes (increase or decreases) in share price post 30 June, which has been the practice since 2015. The face value for each right
              was $1.0669.

              The below tables summarise the equity incentives granted in FY21:

                                                                             Deferred STI equity – in
                                                                                   lieu of FY20 cash         Deferred STI equity                               LTI equity
                                                                                              bonus
                                                    Performance Period         1 July 2019 to 30 June      1 July 2020 to 30 June
                                                                                                                                          1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023
                                                                                                 2020                        2021
                                                         Deferral Period       12 months from end of       12 months from end of
                                                                                                                                                          Not applicable
                                                                                  performance period          performance period
                                                            Vesting Date                30 June 2021                30 June 2022                    30 September 2023
                                                   Face Value per Right                      Based on 3 month VWAP to 30 June 2020 of $1.0669
                                    Method for calculating number total
                                  value of grant at face value divided by             Total value of grant at face value divided by the face value per right
                                        the face value per right of rights


                  J K Fairley                Face Value of grant                            $188,580                     $169,950                               $679,800
                  (CEO and Managing
                  Director)                  Number of Rights                                176,755                       159,293                               637,173

                                             Fair value per AASB2   #
                                                                                            $234,112                     $210,984                               $773,401
                                                                                                                                                   70% Corporate KPIs
                                             Performance Conditions             100% Corporate KPIs         100% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                     30% relative TSR
                  J Paull                    Face Value of grant                             $80,000                       $53,452                              $213,807
                  (Other KMP                                                                   74,984
                  executives)                Number of Rights                                                               50,100                               200,400

                                             Fair value per AASB2   †
                                                                                            $109,942                       $73,457                              $285,870
                                                                                                                                                    70% Business Unit
                                                                                  100% Business Unit     70% Business Unit KPIs
                                                                                                                                                                  KPIs
                                             Performance Conditions                            KPIs         30% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                   15% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                     15% relative TSR
                  N J Baade                  Face Value of grant                             $76,000                       $48,885                             $195,541
                  (Other KMP                                                                   71,235
                                             Number of Rights                                                               45,820                               183,280
                  executives)
                                             Fair value per AASB2†                          $104,445                       $67,181                             $261,448
                                                                                                                                                    70% Business Unit
                                                                                  100% Business Unit     70% Business Unit KPIs
                                                                                                                                                                  KPIs
                                             Performance Conditions                            KPIs         30% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                   15% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                     15% relative TSR
                  A Eglezos                  Face Value of grant                             $70,000                       $48,885                              $195,541
                  D J Owen                   Number of Rights                                  65,611                       45,820                               183,280
                  (Other KMP                 Fair value per AASB2†                           $96,199
                                                                                                                           $67,181                              $261,448
                  executives)
                                                                                                                                                    70% Business Unit
                                                                                                         70% Business Unit KPIs
                                             Performance Conditions               100% Business Unit                                                              KPIs
                                                                                                            30% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                               KPIs                                                15% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                                     15% relative TSR
                  Other Vesting                                              Remains employed until the vesting date and has not engaged in fraud or dishonesty
                  Conditions
              #
                  The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the AGM date when shareholders approved the grant of the rights.
              †
                  The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the date when the performance rights were offered.



                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   31

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                              31
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
              Given the company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as profitability) are not necessarily an appropriate measure of executive
              performance. The company’s remuneration policy aligns executive reward with the interests of shareholders. The primary focus is on growth in
              shareholder value through achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones, and therefore performance goals are not
              necessarily linked to typical financial performance measures utilised by companies operating in other market segments. However, the Board
              recognises that share price performance is clearly relevant to the extent that it reflects shareholder returns, and as such Starpharma’s TSR
              relative to the S&P/ASX300 Index is used as a relevant metric for portions of executive equity awards. Details of share price, earnings and the
              impact of share price performance on the vesting of certain performance rights over the last 5 years is detailed in the table below. No dividends




For personal use only
              have been paid in the last 5 years.


                                                                               FY21                FY20       FY19            FY18           FY17

                    Closing share price 30 June                                $1.50               $1.13      $1.36           $1.17          $0.73
                    Share price high                                           $2.52               $1.43      $1.66           $1.67          $0.88
                    Share price low                                            $1.02               $0.62      $0.87           $0.71          $0.59
                    Profit/(Loss) for the year ($M)                            (19.7)              (14.7)     (14.3)          (10.3)          8.2
                    Number of performance rights forfeited by CEO based        22,293                -           -              -           244,500
                    on share price performance for the period ending 30
                    June (or otherwise in the FY).
                    % of performance rights forfeited by CEO based on            3%                 0%         0%              0%             13%
                    share price performance (as a percentage of total
                    performance rights) period ending 30 June, or
                    otherwise in the FY).

              Fixed remuneration:
              The average increase in KMP executive fixed remuneration for FY21 was 0.0% (FY20: 3.2%). There was no increase in the total fixed
              remuneration package for any KMP executive in the year.

              Performance related pay:
              In the assessment of STI and LTI KPIs, the Board took account of the significant achievements obtained in the performance periods and the
              effort and dedication required to accomplish these milestones. These achievements include those listed on pages 34 to 36.

              Short-term incentives (STI):

              Summary of performance pay related to FY21 for the CEO


                                                                                       STI cash                                          STI equity
                                                                                             ($)                                       (# of rights)
                    Maximum
                                                                                      $249,775                                             159,293
                    Available
                    STI Awarded                                                       $194,825                                             124,249
                    % Awarded                                                            78.0%                                               78.0%

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that the CEO had achieved a performance assessment of 78.0% of
              STI awards for the performance period 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021, based on the annual review of actual performance against
              predetermined KPIs. These targets were set by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board at the beginning of the
              performance period and align to the company’s strategic, operational and financial objectives. STI equity awards for the CEO in FY21 were
              based on the scorecard measures and weightings as disclosed below.




               32       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                 32
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              Summary of performance pay related to FY21 for Other KMP executives

              For STI awards for other KMP executives, the CEO assesses the other KMP executives’ performance against predetermined KPIs relevant
              to their business unit. These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 30% of STI equity awards based
              on the percentage achievement of corporate KPIs as disclosed above. The achievement of corporate KPIs requires significant input and strong
              performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board in
              respect of the STI performance assessment and amounts to be awarded.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that other KMP executives had achieved an average performance




For personal use only
              assessment of 86% of STI awards (between 80% and 90%) for the performance period 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021. STI equity awards to
              Other KMP executives for FY21 were consistent with their performance assessment.


              Long-term incentives (LTI):

              Summary of performance pay for the CEO for the three years ended 30 June 2021

                                                                                                                 LTI equity
                                                                                                              (# of Rights)                       % Achieved

                   Maximum Available                                                                                539,921
                   LTI Achieved
                        KPIs for 3 years to 30 June 2021                                                            210,570                              55.7%
                        Relative TSR for 3 years to 30 June 2021                                                    139,683                              86.2%
                   Total LTI Achieved                                                                               350,253
                   % Achieved                                                                                         64.9%


              Performance assessment of relative TSR for the three years ended 30 June 2021

              The company’s Total Shareholder Return was benchmarked against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance
              period ended 30 June 2021. The company’s TSR over the period was 44.8% compared with an Index TSR over the period of 18.8%. The
              company’s annualised TSR for the period was 13.1% compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index annualised TSR of 5.9%. As a result, 86.2% of the
              relative TSR component vested based on the prescribed sliding scale as set out on page 29. The TSR calculations were performed by an
              independent professional services firm.

              The table below provides a summary of the achievement of annualised TSR performance:

                   Performance Period                                                                             3 years to                        3 years to
                                                                                                              30 June 2021                      30 June 2020

                   Starpharma annualised TSR                                                                           13.1%                             14.3%
                   Index annualised TSR                                                                                 5.9%                               1.1%
                   Starpharma outperformance of Index (annualised over 3 years)                                         7.2%                             13.2%
                   % of relative TSR awarded                                                                           86.2%                              100%

              Summary of performance pay for other KMP executives for the three years ended 30 June 2021

              For LTI awards for Other KMP executives, the CEO assesses their performance against predetermined KPIs relevant to their business unit.
              These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 15% of LTI equity awards based on the percentage
              achievement of corporate KPIs, and the remaining 15% based on relative TSR (as disclosed above). The achievement of corporate KPIs
              requires significant input and superior performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations to the Remuneration and
              Nomination Committee and the Board in respect of the LTI performance assessment and amounts to be awarded.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that other KMP executives had achieved a performance assessment of
              between 83% and 90% (average 86%) for business unit KPIs for the performance period 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021 for determining LTI
              awards.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   33

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                         33
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance (continued)


                  STI Performance                                                                                                          Performance period
                  Assessment
                                                                                                                                      1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021

                  Performance category                  Metric                                                                       Weighting          Satisfied




For personal use only
                  Development, registration             Leverage existing regulatory data and supply chain for SPL7013 to
                  and commercialisation of              rapidly develop and commercialise antiviral products for other uses, such       17%           Partially Met
                  VIRALEZE™                             as COVID-19

                  Regulatory and                        Advance further VivaGel® BV registrations in multiple countries, with
                  commercialisation activities          priority given to major markets and facilitate partners to roll-out and
                                                                                                                                        18%           Partially Met
                  for VivaGel® BV                       launch the product in multiple markets; pursue partnerships for remaining
                                                        unlicensed countries; whilst optimising returns
                  Other VivaGel® products               Progress with regulatory and commercialisation activities for the VivaGel®
                                                                                                                                         2%                Met
                                                        condom
                  Clinical stage internal DEP®          Progress internal clinical DEP® programs into and through clinical
                  programs                              development (or signing a licence, as appropriate) with a focus on
                                                                                                                                        25%           Partially Met
                                                        expediting outcomes and building value which may be through additional
                                                        indications and/or combinations
                  Preclinical DEP®                      Advancing additional internal DEP® product candidates through preclinical
                                                                                                                                        12%           Partially Met
                  candidate(s)                          development (or signing a licence, as appropriate)
                  Partnered-DEP® programs               Support and further develop existing partnered-DEP® programs and/or
                                                        expanded field/products and/or progress with new partnering                     18%           Partially Met
                                                        deals/licences
                  Capital management,                   Manage company’s capital in a prudent manner to create value, increase
                  culture and leadership                recurrent revenues and maintain and develop a highly results oriented            8%                Met
                                                        culture with exceptional leadership

                                                                                                                                       100%


              In making this STI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors (other
              commercially sensitive matters were also taken into account).
                       Starpharma successfully developed, registered and launched VIRALEZE™ in less than 12 months, and undertook the following key
                        activities:
                        -     Developed a direct go to market strategy to ensure the product would be available upon registration to facilitate rapid market entry.
                        -     Leveraged the extensive regulatory data available on SPL7013 to pursue expedited registration for VIRALEZE™ in Europe via the CE
                              mark route.
                        -     Signed a sales and distribution agreement with LloydsPharmacy. LloydsPharmacy is one of the largest pharmacy chains in the UK
                              with around 1,400 LloydsPharmacy stores across the UK and is part of the global McKesson group, a leading international
                              pharmaceutical wholesale and retail pharmacy company.
                        -     Starpharma and Lloyds launched VIRALEZE™ in the UK in March 2021, achieving this first product launch ahead of the original
                              commercialisation timeline. UK sales were paused in June 2021 due to MHRA claim enquiries, which are currently being addressed.
                        -     Starpharma launched VIRALEZE™ in Europe in May 2021 through its webstore and has been pursuing pharmacy/retail roll-out in
                              Europe.
                        -     Starpharma registered VIRALEZE™ for sale in India.
                        -     Further antiviral testing was conducted at Scripps Institute in the US and elsewhere, including virucidal assays for SPL7013 and
                              testing against a variety of SARS-CoV-2 variants (Delta, Alpha, Gamma, Beta, Kappa) as well as RSV, SARS and MERS.
                        -     Starpharma completed a clinical safety study for VIRALEZE™ in 40 healthy volunteers to support regulatory and commercialisation
                              activities.
                        -     Starpharma awarded $1M in matched funding by the Australian Government’s Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF) Biomedical
                              Translation Bridge (BTB) Program to expedite development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™.
                        -     Publication of key antiviral data in the prestigious international journal, Antiviral Research.
                       Significant VivaGel® BV regulatory activities, including:
                        -    Starpharma obtained regulatory approvals for numerous countries, including South Africa and multiple countries in the Middle East,
                             the Philippines and further regulatory submissions were prepared and submitted,
                        -    Starpharma facilitated the expedited submission of further regulatory applications in multiple regions [
                        -    Starpharma was successful in achieving publication of the BV prevention clinical study in the European Journal of Obstetrics and
                             Gynecology & Reproductive Biology in January 2021, providing further important support for marketing activities by partners
                             Mundipharma and Aspen.
                        -    Continued to pursue FDA approval for VivaGel® BV, working with a team of expert regulatory advisers, lawyers, and statisticians to
                             progress a formal review, including detailed submissions. The formal FDA review is ongoing, and COVID-19 has had an impact on
                             timing.
                       VivaGel® BV was launched in in five further countries including in Asia, Europe and South Africa during the year. Further launches by
                        Mundipharma for certain markets have been delayed due to COVID-19.
                       Extensive support to Mundipharma to achieve multiple launches as rapidly as possible, including critical and comprehensive input for
                        the training of representatives, marketing materials, regulatory matters, product labelling, finalisation of product claims, manufacturing,
                        packaging and other elements of supply.
                       Starpharma’s partner, LifeStyles, launched the VivaGel® condom in Europe marketed under LifeStyles’ Manix and Akuel brands of
                        condoms as the Absolute™ Dual Protection condom. Ongoing regulatory activities in China.

               34       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                          34
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                       Progress with clinical-stage DEP® assets, including:
                        -   DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan trials continued to recruit patients and progress well with encouraging
                            efficacy signals observed in each trial. All three DEP® trials experienced a period of paused or slowed new patient recruitment, with a
                            greater impact on DEP® docetaxel due to its trial site locations and greater COVID impact on these sites. Recruitment resumed in all
                            three trials, noting that there were some trial sites including in London where recruitment resumption has been slower than in regional
                            centres.
                        -   DEP® docetaxel + gemcitabine clinical combination study commenced during FY21, having achieved the requisite ethics and
                            regulatory approvals and completed the preparatory clinical trial activities. Preparations and submissions for DEP® irinotecan
                            combination arm progressed.




For personal use only
                       Advanced and expanded the preclinical DEP® pipeline:
                        -   Progressed the development of DEP® gemcitabine including undertaking the initial toxicology study to inform dose selection for a
                            clinical study.
                        -   Progressed several radiotheranostic candidates – targeted and untargeted, including DEP® lutetium, DEP® HER2-lutetium and DEP®
                            zirconium (radiodiagnostic candidate). During FY21, Starpharma announced impressive preclinical efficacy data on DEP® HER2-
                            lutetium which achieved potent and durable anticancer activity, with complete tumour regression, outperforming Herceptin
                            (trastuzumab) labelled with lutetium, in a human breast cancer model. This data has led to discussions with a commercial partner for
                            a potential strategic partnership for DEP® radiopharmaceuticals.
                        -   Progressed work on Starpharma’s internal DEP® ADC candidates and other preclinical internal candidates.
                        -   In response to emerging therapeutics being used for COVID-19, Starpharma rapidly created a DEP® version of remdesivir, achieving
                            marked improvements in solubility and long-acting characteristics.
                       Progressed partnered DEP® programs, including:
                        -   Provided extensive support to AstraZeneca for the clinical and non-clinical programs for AZD0466 including a number of publications
                            and input into regulatory and CMC documentation. AstraZeneca advised a significant expansion of its clinical program for DEP®
                            AZD0466, to include a multi-centre global phase 1/2 study with a focus on haematological tumours. The clinical expansion facilitates
                            patient recruitment and is aimed at rapid development and approval of AZD0466.
                        -   Progress with other AstraZeneca DEP® programs, including further development of a DEP® version of one of their major oncology
                            medicines.
                        -   Signed a Research Agreement with Merck & Co., Inc (MSD) to conduct a preclinical research evaluation of dendrimer-based Antibody
                            Drug Conjugates (ADCs) utilising DEP® technology. This deal has the potential to yield multiple programs.
                        -   Signed and commenced a new DEP® partnership with leading Chinese company Chase Sun to develop several DEP® nanoparticle
                            formulations for an anti-infective drug with the view of enhancing its performance and expanding its therapeutic utility.
                        -   Progressed commercial discussions with several major pharmaceutical companies for several partnered DEP® drug delivery programs
                            in oncology and non-oncology areas, including in ADCs and DEP® radiopharmaceuticals
                       Successfully completed a capital raise with net proceeds of $47 million from an equity placement and share purchase plan. Prudent
                        management of Starpharma’s cash reserves during the COVID-19 pandemic and preserved Starpharma’s stable, highly dedicated and
                        skilled work-force.

              In the assessment of STI KPIs, the Board took account of the significant achievements attained over the performance period and the effort and
              dedication required to accomplish these milestones, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic which posed challenges for trial recruitment
              workforce organisation and supply chain continuity. These achievements include the development and launch of VIRALEZE™ in the UK and
              Europe, and product registration in India. The Company also supported Mundipharma’s roll-out of VivaGel® BV in further countries and
              facilitated further regulatory approvals and submissions. In addition, the company achieved several DEP® milestones, across both the
              internal and external portfolio including positive interim clinical trial results for three internal DEP® assets and commencing a new DEP®
              research agreement with MSD.




                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   35

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                            35
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance (continued)


                  LTI Performance Assessment                                                                                              Performance period
                                                                                                                                     1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021


                  Performance category                                 Metric                                                        Weighting         Satisfied




For personal use only
                  VivaGel® BV and Drug Delivery                       Monetisation of the VivaGel® and Drug Delivery portfolios
                                                                      represented by the completion of a number of commercial           30%           Partially Met
                                                                      deals that build shareholder value and/or generate income.

                  DEP® Platform                                       Development of new DEP® candidates and/or licensing of
                                                                                                                                        40%           Partially Met
                                                                      DEP® candidates.
                  Relative TSR                                        Starpharma’s TSR compared to the performance of the
                                                                                                                                        30%           Partially Met
                                                                      S&P/ASX300 Index over a 3-year period

                                                                                                                                        100%


              In making this LTI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors (other
              commercially sensitive matters not disclosed were also taken into account):
                   VivaGel® and Drug Delivery:
                         -   Signed a second commercial agreement with AstraZeneca to progress a DEP® version of one of AstraZeneca’s major existing
                             oncology medicines.
                         -   Successfully developed and signed a sales and distribution agreement with LloydsPharmacy, one of the largest pharmacy groups
                             in the UK with ~1,400 stores across the UK and part of the McKesson, a leading international pharmaceutical wholesale and retail
                             pharmacy company.
                         -   Achieved launch of VivaGel® BV in the UK, Europe, Eastern Europe, Nordic region of Europe, South Africa, Asia, Australia and
                             New Zealand.
                         -   Licensed VivaGel® BV to ITF Pharma, Inc. for the US market for US$101M in milestones plus royalties.
                         -   Expanded licence with Okamoto to add 11 more Asian countries to its VivaGel® condom agreement.
                         -   Launch of VIRALEZE™ in the UK and Europe, with onset of revenue receipts from LloydsPharmacy and the VIRALEZE™
                             webstore.
                         -   Revenue receipts for VivaGel® products from Aspen, Mundipharma and Okamoto.
                         -   Achieved regulatory approvals for VivaGel® BV in several further regions including for countries in Asia and in the Middle East,
                             South Africa and New Zealand. Achieved approval for a second BV indication, for the prevention of recurrent BV, in both Europe
                             and Australia.
                         -   VivaGel® condom was approved and launched in Japan and Europe.
                         -   VivaGel® BV NDA prepared, submitted, and subsequently accepted for filing.
                         -   Supported the IND preparation, scale-up and final preclinical work to enable progression of AZD0466 into first human clinical trial in
                             the US.
                         -   Granted a licence from the TGA allowing in-house manufacture of DEP ® products for clinical trials.
                   DEP® Platform:
                         -   Signed a Research Agreement with Merck & Co., Inc (MSD) to conduct a preclinical research evaluation of dendrimer-based
                             Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs) utilising DEP® technology. This deal has the potential to yield multiple programs.
                         -   Provided extensive support to AstraZeneca for AZD0466 facilitating its progress into the clinic and triggering milestone to
                             Starpharma of US$3 million. Continued support has facilitated expansion of the clinical program into a phase 1/2 multi-region trial,
                             aimed at accelerating approval.
                         -   Signed and commenced a new DEP® partnership with leading Chinese company Chase Sun to develop several DEP® nanoparticle
                             formulations for an anti-infective drug with the view of enhancing its performance and expanding its therapeutic utility.
                         -   Advanced one further DEP® candidate into phase 1 (DEP® irinotecan).
                         -   Advanced two DEP® candidates into phase 2 (DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan).
                         -   Progressed all DEP® clinical programs with recruitment now well advanced for three phase 2 programs for DEP® docetaxel, DEP®
                             cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan with encouraging efficacy signals observed in each trial and multiple new sites opened.
                         -   Commenced DEP® docetaxel + gemcitabine clinical combination study.
                         -   Progressed preparations and submissions for DEP® irinotecan combination arm.
                         -   Partnering discussions underway for internal DEP® candidates with licences to be sought at the most appropriate time to maximise
                             commercial value.
                         -   Progress with DEP® gemcitabine, towards the clinic, and other new preclinical DEP® candidates have been developed and
                             advanced into preclinical development, including DEP® radiopharmaceutical candidates (e.g. DEP® lutetium, DEP® zirconium), and
                             targeted DEP® candidates (e.g. HER-2 Targeted DEP® ADC).
                         -   Initiated a number of new DEP® radiopharmaceutical and ADC commercial discussions.
                   Relative TSR:
                    -        The company’s TSR was tested against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance period ended
                             30 June 2021. The company’s annualised TSR for this period was 13.1% compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index annualised TSR of
                             5.9%, resulting in 7.2% over the index.
                    -        The relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm and more information regarding the relative TSR
                             hurdle is provided on page 29.




               36       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                          36
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6. Details of remuneration
              The following tables show details of the remuneration received by the directors and the key management personnel of the group for the current
              and previous financial year. As required by the Accounting Standards, the value of performance rights included in the remuneration tables
              relates to the fair value of the performance rights (which may include performance rights granted in prior years), rather than their face value.

                                                                                                  Post-         Long-term           Share-based
               2021                                              Short-term benefits        employment            benefits            payments
                                      Cash salary &                     Non-monetary                           Long service          Performance




For personal use only
                                              fees†     Cash bonus# *        benefits     Superannuation              leave               Rights~#              Total
               Name                               $                $                $                  $                  $                     $                   $
               Non-executive directors

               R B Thomas                   117,808                 –               –              11,192                  –                      –         129,000

               R A Hazleton^                 29,944                 –               –                   –                  –                      –           29,944

               Z Peach                       72,032                 –               –               6,843                  –                      –           78,875

               P R Turvey                    78,767                 –               –               7,483                  –                      –           86,250

               D J McIntyre                  72,833                 –               –                   –                  –                      –           72,833

               Executive director

               J K Fairley                  539,985           194,825           2,901              21,695             9,892               782,453         1,551,751

               Other KMP executives

               N J Baade                    222,785            78,000          37,684              21,695             2,232               282,991           645,387

               A Eglezos                    252,789            80,000           8,166              21,695            14,769               277,403           654,822

               D J Owen                     239,766            70,000          22,119              21,695                  –              272,367           625,947

               J R Paull                    227,945            80,000          42,159              21,695             5,101               313,348           690,248

               Totals                     1,854,654           502,825         113,029            133,993             31,994             1,928,562         4,565,057

              †
               There were no increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives in the FY21 year. Executives may elect to salary
              sacrifice part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary & fees represents gross salary earned less any salary sacrifice amounts.
              The two forms of salary sacrifice in FY21 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car park. These amounts
              are reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary & fees may vary from one year to the next, depending on the
              elections chosen.
              ~
                  Includes the expensing of STI equity awarded in lieu of cash for the FY20 performance period with a vesting date of 30 June 2021.
              #
                All performance related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component of
              total remuneration.
              * The cash bonus reported relates to amounts assessed to be paid for the performance period 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021. The actual cash
              payment of the bonuses will occur in FY22.

              ^ R A Hazleton retired from the Board on 20 November 2020.




                                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   37

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                        37
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6. Details of remuneration (continued)

                                                                                                          Post-         Long-term       Share-based
               2020                                                        Short-term benefits      employment            benefits        payments
                                           Cash salary &                          Non-monetary                         Long service     Performance
                                                   fees†         Cash bonus#           benefits   Superannuation              leave          Rights#              Total
               Name                                    $                   $                  $                $                  $                $                  $




For personal use only
               Non-executive directors

               R B Thomas                         122,374                     –               –            11,626                 –                    –       134,000

               R A Hazleton                        77,000                     –               –                    –              –                    –        77,000

               Z Peach                             71,689                     –               –             6,811                 –                    –        78,500

               P R Turvey                          71,689                     –               –             6,811                 –                    –        78,500

               D J McIntyre                        24,167                     –               –                    –              –                    –        24,167

               Executive director

               J K Fairley                        519,499                     –         24,397             21,003           14,254           868,418         1,447,571

               Other KMP executives

               N J Baade                          223,091                     –         36,664             21,003            2,320           232,505           515,583

               A Eglezos                          253,842                     –          6,547             21,003           13,199           227,712           522,303

               D J Owen                           240,458                     –         22,210             21,003            2,170           226,581           512,422

               J R Paull                          227,887                     –         42,495             21,003            8,012           259,653           559,050

               Totals                           1,831,696                     –        132,313           130,263            39,955         1,814,869         3,949,096

              †
                Increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives were under 3.3% in FY20. Executives may elect to salary sacrifice
              part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary & fees represent gross salary earned less any salary sacrifice amounts. The two
              forms of salary sacrifice in FY20 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car park. These amounts are
              reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary & fees may vary from one year to the next, depending on the elections
              chosen.
              #
                All performance related remuneration, including and cash bonuses and performance rights granted, are determined to be an ‘at risk’
              component of total remuneration.

              The relative proportions of remuneration for FY21 that are linked to performance and those that are fixed are as follows:

                                                                                    Fixed          At risk - STI       At risk - STI   At risk - STI       At risk - LTI
                                                                              remuneration                 cash             Equity1           Total             Equity1
               CEO                                                Target                35%                                                    25%                 40%
               J K Fairley                                        Actual                37%                13%                 18%             31%                 32%
               Other KMP executives                               Target                50%                                                    20%                 30%
               N J Baade                                          Actual                44%                12%                 17%             29%                 27%
               A Eglezos                                          Actual                45%                12%                 16%             28%                 26%
               D J Owen                                           Actual                45%                11%                 17%             28%                 27%
               J R Paull                                          Actual                43%                12%                 17%             29%                 28%
              1
               Where applicable, the expenses include negative amounts for expenses reversed during the year due to a failure to satisfy the vesting
              conditions.

              The actual remuneration mix for the CEO and other KMP executives for FY20 and FY21 has deviated from the target ranges due to the STI
              cash bonus not being awarded in FY20 and additional STI equity rights allocated in FY21 in lieu of FY20 cash bonuses, that vest on 30 June
              2021.

              Non-statutory Executive Remuneration
              The non-statutory executive remuneration is the remuneration earned by KMP executives in FY21 and is set out below with calculations of
              equity value both at the vesting date and based on the face value at the beginning of the relevant performance period. Starpharma discloses
              non-statutory remuneration voluntarily because it includes the face value of equity that vested in FY21. For LTI equity, the reported value
              reflects the KMP executive performance over three years including the impact of the increase in the share price over the three year period.

              The table differs from the remuneration details prepared above in this section 6 of this report which are prepared in accordance with statutory
              obligations and accounting standards, and presents the expensing of the fair value of performance rights over their vesting period, and may
              include the expensing of rights that may not ultimately vest into ordinary shares.


               38       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                         38
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               2021
               Name                Fixed      STI cash        STI equity      STI equity    LTI equity   LTI equity     Total non-       Total non-         Total
                             remuneration paid in FY21         vested in       vested in     vested in    vested in       statutory       statutory remuneration
                                       (1)          (2)     FY21 based      FY21 based FY21 based FY21 based remuneration remuneration                       per
                                                           on face value       on share on face value     on share earned based earned based          Accounting
                                                                      (3)        price at          (3)      price at on face value on share price      Standards
                                                                            vesting date               vesting date       of equity at vesting date           (5)
                                                                                      (4)                        (4)            (3)             (4)




For personal use only
                                       ($)           ($)              ($)            ($)            ($)            ($)              ($)                ($)              ($)
               J K Fairley       564,581               –        382,353         411,551       618,832      1,112,364        1,565,767         2,088,496       1,551,751
               N J Baade         282,164               –        142,106         152,958       132,502        334,613          556,772              769,735      645,387
               A Eglezos         282,650               –        131,959         142,036       132,847        333,260          547,456              757,946      654,822
               D J Owen          283,580               –        133,816         144,035       134,229        330,554          551,625              758,169      625,947
               J R Paull         291,799               –        152,395         164,033       166,462        378,314          610,656              834,146      690,248
              1
                Base salary, superannuation and non-monetary benefits such as novated motor vehicle lease and car park benefits.
              2
                STI cash paid during the financial year. The amount disclosed for FY21 reflects that no cash bonuses were paid for awarded for FY20.
              3
                Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the face value of the performance rights based on the 3 month VWAP prior to the
                 start of the relevant performance period (1 July). Vested rights will remain as rights in subsequent periods until exercised. The STI equity was
                 granted in FY20 and FY21 and the LTI equity was granted in FY18.
              4
                Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the opening price on the date of vesting. Vested rights will remain as rights in
                 subsequent periods until exercised. The STI equity was granted in FY20 and FY21 (for in lieu of cash rights) and the LTI equity was granted in
                 FY18.
              5
                In accordance with statutory obligations and accounting standards in section 6 of this report, which includes expensing of rights over their
                 entire vesting period, and rights that may not ultimately vest into ordinary shares.

              Equity awards and share price
              The total non-statutory remuneration based on the vesting date share price is higher than the total remuneration per Accounting Standards and
              the non-statutory remuneration based on face value. The higher amount is primarily driven by the value attached to the equity awards that
              vested in FY21. As illustrated in the graph below, this reflects the strong share price performance over the relevant periods of up to a 100%
              increase in share price compared with the face value of those rights at the time of allocation. The 3 year LTI rights are predominately driving the
              higher reported value at the vesting date. Alternatively, if the share price were to have significantly decreased, the value of these equity awards
              would have reduced accordingly. Furthermore, despite being reported in non-statutory remuneration the STI and LTI rights do not automatically
              convert to shares, and no executives have exercised rights, so these values have not yet been realised.




                                               Face value of equity awards granted              Share price at the time of equity awards vesting
                                               (based on 3 month VWAP to 30 June)               (based on share price on vesting date)




                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021    39

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                            39
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6. Details of remuneration (continued)

              Details of remuneration: cash bonuses, shares, and performance rights
              For each cash bonus and grant of equity included in the tables on pages 37 to 42, the percentage of the available bonus or grant that was paid,
              or that vested, in the financial year, and the percentage that was forfeited because the person did not meet the service and performance
              objectives is set out below. Performance rights vest over the specified periods provided vesting criteria are met. No rights will vest if the
              conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value of the rights yet to vest is nil. The maximum value of the rights yet to vest has been
              determined as the amount of the grant date fair value of the rights that is yet to be expensed. The CEO was awarded 78% of her maximum cash




For personal use only
              bonus entitlement of $249,775 in FY21, with the balance of 22% forfeited as described above in the report. STI cash bonuses for other KMP
              executives are paid at the absolute discretion of the Board based on an individual’s performance within the year, hence there is no component
              forfeited to report.


                                                                                                                                            Performance rights

                                                        Grant date         Financial   Vested        Forfeited                 Financial                Maximum
                                                fair value of rights           year                                       years in which         fair value yet to
                                                    granted during          granted                                          rights may                      vest
                                                            20211,2                                                                 vest
                    Name                                           $                        %               %                                                   $
                    J K Fairley                          1,218,506            2021      100%*                -               30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2021           -            22%                30/06/2022                  82,284
                                                                              2021           -               -               30/06/2024                 535,588
                                                                              2020        75%             25%                30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2020           -               -               30/06/2023                 239,009
                                                                              2019           -            35%                30/06/2022                  38,274
                                                                              2018        82%             18%                30/06/2021                       -
                    N J Baade                              433,074            2021      100%*                -               30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2021           -            17%                30/06/2022                  27,847
                                                                              2021           -               -               30/06/2024                 181,053
                                                                              2020        83%             17%                30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2020           -               -               30/06/2023                  64,394
                                                                              2019           -            18%                30/06/2022                  11,923
                                                                              2018        87%             13%                30/06/2021                       -
                    A Eglezos                              424,828            2021      100%*                -               30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2021           -            14%                30/06/2022                  29,023
                                                                              2021           -               -               30/06/2024                 181,053
                                                                              2020        79%             21%                30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2020           -               -               30/06/2023                  64,394
                                                                              2019           -            19%                30/06/2022                  11,870
                                                                              2018        86%             14%                30/06/2021                       -
                    D J Owen                               424,828            2021      100%*                -               30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2021           -            21%                30/06/2022                  26,671
                                                                              2021           -               -               30/06/2024                 181,053
                                                                              2020        82%             18%                30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2020           -               -               30/06/2023                  64,394
                                                                              2019           -            20%                30/06/2022                  11,589
                                                                              2018        86%             14%                30/06/2021                       -
                    J R Paull                              469,268            2021      100%*                -               30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2021           -            14%                30/06/2022                  31,733
                                                                              2021           -               -               30/06/2024                 197,965
                                                                              2020        85%             15%                30/06/2021                       -
                                                                              2020           -               -               30/06/2023                  70,400
                                                                              2019           -            16%                30/06/2022                  13,401
                                                                              2018        89%             11%                30/06/2021                       -

              *
                  Relates to rights granted in lieu of FY20 cash bonus. The FY20 cash bonus award was based on percentage achievement of KPIs and was
                  therefore not further discounted when converted to equity.
              1
                  The value at grant date calculated in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payments of performance rights granted during the year as part of
                  remuneration.
              2
                  The maximum value of performance rights is determined at grant date and is amortised over the applicable vesting period. The amount which
                  will be included in a given KMP executive’s remuneration for a given year is consistent with this amortised amount. No performance rights will
                  vest if the conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value yet to vest is nil.




               40       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                   40
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              7. Executive employment agreements

              Remuneration and other terms of employment for executives are formalised in employment agreements which set out duties, rights and
              responsibilities, and entitlements on termination. All executives also have a formal position description for their role.

              Major provisions of the agreements relating to remuneration are set out below for those KMP executives who are employed at the date of this
              report.




For personal use only
              CEO and Managing Director (J K Fairley)

                       No fixed term of agreement.
                       Base salary, inclusive of superannuation, per annum as at 30 June 2021 of $561,680, to be reviewed annually by the Remuneration and
                        Nomination Committee.
                       A cash bonus up to $249,775 for the year to 30 June 2021 allocated proportionately on the achievement of predetermined KPIs.
                       The CEO is entitled to participate in a STI and LTI equity plan, subject to receiving any required or appropriate shareholder approval.
                       Fringe benefits consist of on-site car parking.


              The CEO’s termination provisions are as follows:


                                                       Notice Period       Payment in lieu     Treatment of equity STI               Treatment of LTI
                                                                           of notice

                  Resignation                          12 months           N/A                 Unvested awards forfeited             Unvested awards forfeited
                  Termination for cause                None                None                Unvested awards (including an         Unvested awards (including an
                                                                                               exercisable, vested right)            exercisable, vested right)
                                                                                               forfeited                             forfeited
                  Termination without cause,           12 months           6 months            Unvested awards lapse unless          Unvested awards lapse unless
                  including redundancy                                     payment in lieu     the Board determines otherwise        the Board determines
                                                                           of notice with 6    after considering the portion of      otherwise after considering the
                                                                           month notice        the performance period that has       portion of the performance
                                                                           period              elapsed and the extent to which       period that has elapsed and
                                                                                               performance conditions have           the extent to which
                                                                                               been met. Vesting of the rights       performance conditions have
                                                                                               may be accelerated in this case.      been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                                                                     may be accelerated in this
                                                                                                                                     case.
                  Termination in cases of death,       N/A                 N/A                 Unvested awards lapse, unless         Unvested awards lapse,
                  disablement or other cause                                                   the Board determines otherwise        unless the Board determines
                  approved by the Board                                                        after considering the portion of      otherwise after considering the
                                                                                               the performance period that has       portion of the performance
                                                                                               elapsed and the extent to which       period that has elapsed and
                                                                                               performance conditions have           the extent to which
                                                                                               been met. Vesting of the rights       performance conditions have
                                                                                               may be accelerated in this case.      been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                                                                     may be accelerated in this
                                                                                                                                     case.


              Other KMP executives

              Standard executive termination provisions are as follows:

                                                       Notice Period       Payment in lieu     Treatment of equity STI               Treatment of LTI
                                                                           of notice

                  Resignation                          3 months            N/A                 Same as for CEO                       Same as for CEO
                  Termination for cause                None                None                Same as for CEO                       Same as for CEO
                  Termination without cause,           Typically 3         3 months            Same as for CEO                       Same as for CEO
                  including redundancy                 months              (3-6 months)
                                                       (range 3-6
                                                       months)
                  Termination in cases of death,       N/A                 N/A                 Same as for CEO                       Same as for CEO
                  disablement, or other cause
                  approved by the Board


              There are no loans, or other transactions, to the CEO or Other KMP executives.




                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   41

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                           41
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              8. Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes

              Ordinary shares
              The number of ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the directors or the key
              management personnel of the group, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below. The table may also
              reflect changes to shareholdings which are unrelated to remuneration.

              2021                                                         Granted during         On exercise of




For personal use only
                                                      Balance at the          the year as     performance rights        Other changes                 Balance at the
              Name                                   start of the year      compensation          during the year      during the year*              end of the year
              Directors
              R B Thomas                                     825,000                     –                      –                 50,000                   875,000
              J K Fairley                                  3,905,434                     –                      –                 20,000                 3,925,434
              R A Hazleton#                                  208,466                     –                      –                      –                   208,466
              Z Peach                                          48,975                    –                      –                      –                     48,975
              P R Turvey                                     179,821                     –                      –                 13,334                   193,155
              D J McIntyre                                     16,240                    –                      –                      –                     16,240
              Other KMP executives
              N J Baade                                      494,079                     –                      –            (139,779)                     354,300
              A Eglezos                                      322,542                     –                      –             (25,000)                     297,542
              D J Owen                                       579,802                     –                      –            (327,716)                     252,086
              J R Paull                                      231,103                     –                      –            (190,000)                       41,106
              * Other changes relate to market transactions and purchases under the Share Purchase Plan undertaken in the year.
              #
                Retired as a non-executive director on 20 November 2020, balance at the end of the year reflects his shareholding as at 20 November 2020.

              Performance rights
              The number of rights over ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the executive directors
              and the KMP executives, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below. No non-executive director held
              performance rights in FY21 or the prior year.

               2021
                                                                                                                                      Vested and
               Name                Balance at the        Granted during                                                             exercisable at
                                      start of the          the year as         Exercised     Other changes      Balance at the     the end of the
                                             year         compensation     during the year   during the year#   end of the year              year     Total Unvested
               Directors
               J K Fairley              4,453,114                973,221                 -         (192,093)         5,234,242         3,361,058           1,873,184
               Other KMP executives
               N J Baade                1,161,491                300,335                 -          (40,887)         1,420,939             883,039           537,900
               A Eglezos                1,163,171                294,711                 -          (43,539)         1,414,343             876,443           537,900
               D J Owen                 1,163,223                294,711                 -          (43,980)         1,413,954             876,054           537,900
               J R Paull                1,320,183                325,484                 -          (35,812)         1,609,855         1,021,755             588,100
              #
                  Other changes during the year relate to the forfeiture of rights.

              The market value at vesting date of performance rights that vested during 2021 was $3,503,718 (2020: $2,222,235). The increase in market
              value reflects a higher share price at date of vesting as well as the STI equity awarded in lieu of cash bonuses for FY20. No other shares were
              issued on the vesting of performance rights provided as remuneration to any of the directors or any KMP of the group in the current year.

              The market value is calculated using the opening share price on the respective vesting/exercise date or forfeit date.

              Dilutionary impact of performance rights on issue
              As at 30 June 2021 there were 17,472,497 performance rights on issue, representing 4.3% of the 406,078,026 shares on issue (SOI) at 30 June
              2021. There were 11,093,333 rights which were held by KMP, representing 2.7% of SOI, of which 5,234,242 (1.3% of SOI) were approved by
              shareholders.




               42       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                           42
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              The terms and conditions of the grant of performance rights to the directors or the key management personnel of the group in the current year or
              which impact future years are as follows:

                                                                  Number Performance             measure
                                                                  of rights                                   Fair value per right
                               Grant date            Vesting date granted                                           at grant date      % vested

                          10 August 2017      30 September 2020 890,800              Achievement of KPIs                    $0.77              85

                          10 August 2017      30 September 2020 157,200                                TSR                  $0.54            100




For personal use only
                        29 November 2017      30 September 2020 535,816              Achievement of KPIs                    $1.29              70

                        29 November 2017      30 September 2020 360,063                                TSR                  $1.23            100

                          16 August 2018            30 June 2020 158,000             Achievement of KPIs                    $1.26              87

                          16 August 2018      30 September 2021 537,200              Achievement of KPIs                    $1.26              Nil

                          16 August 2018      30 September 2021     94,800                             TSR                  $0.85              Nil

                        29 November 2018            30 June 2020 134,980             Achievement of KPIs                    $1.48              83

                        29 November 2018      30 September 2021 377,945              Achievement of KPIs                    $1.48              Nil

                        29 November 2018      30 September 2021 161,976                                TSR                  $1.13              Nil

                         17 October 2019            30 June 2021 158,000             Achievement of KPIs                    $1.15              82

                         17 October 2019      30 September 2022 537,200              Achievement of KPIs                    $1.15              Nil

                         17 October 2019      30 September 2022     94,800                             TSR                  $0.71              Nil

                        21 November 2019            30 June 2021 134,199             Achievement of KPIs                    $1.29              75

                        21 November 2019      30 September 2022 375,758              Achievement of KPIs                    $1.29              Nil

                        21 November 2019      30 September 2022 161,039                                TSR                  $0.85              Nil

                         30 October 2020            30 June 2021 277,441                               N/A                  $1.47            100

                         30 October 2020            30 June 2022 187,560             Achievement of KPIs                    $1.47              Nil

                         30 October 2020      30 September 2023 637,704              Achievement of KPIs                    $1.47              Nil

                         30 October 2020      30 September 2023 112,536                                TSR                  $1.20              Nil

                        20 November 2020            30 June 2021 176,755                               N/A                  $1.32            100

                        20 November 2020            30 June 2022 159,293             Achievement of KPIs                    $1.32              Nil

                        20 November 2020      30 September 2023 446,021              Achievement of KPIs                    $1.32              Nil

                        20 November 2020      30 September 2023 191,152                                TSR                  $0.96              Nil


              Information of the performance measures:

                   Achievement of KPIs:         The achievement of certain key business performance indicators linked to matters which the Board believes
                                                are key drivers of shareholder value.
                   Relative TSR (TSR):          As set out on page 29 of the remuneration report.




                                                                      - end of remuneration report -




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   43

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                      43
              Directors’ Report

              Shares under rights                                                           Insurance of officers
              Unissued ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited under                 During the financial year, Starpharma Holdings Limited paid a
              the Employee Performance Rights Plan at the date of this report               premium to insure the directors and executive officers of the
              are as follows:                                                               company and related bodies corporate, against certain liabilities
                                                                                            and expenses.
                                                             Number of Balance of rights
               Grant date             Vesting date       rights granted at date of report   In accordance with normal commercial practice, the disclosure of
                                                                                            the amount of premium payable, and the nature of the liabilities
               11 Nov 2015            30 Sep 2018            2,076,800         1,051,794




For personal use only
                                                                                            and expenses covered by the policy, is prohibited by a
               11 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017              519,200           245,625    confidentiality clause in the relevant insurance contract.

               19 Nov 2015            30 Sep 2018              893,851           836,260
               19 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017              219,395           181,001
                                                                                            Audit & non-audit services
               13 Oct 2016            30 Jun 2018              594,450           277,314    The company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments
                                                                                            additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s
               13 Oct 2016            30 Sep 2019            2,377,800         1,323,372    expertise and experience with the company and/or the group are
               29 Nov 2016            30 Jun 2018              223,022           172,842    important. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor
                                                                                            (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit services provided during the
               29 Nov 2016            30 Sep 2019              876,978           846,281    year is set out below. There were no non-audit services provided
                                                                                            by the auditor during the financial year.
               10 Aug 2017            30 Jun 2019              694,120           409,980
               10 Aug 2017            30 Sep 2020            2,776,480         1,741,547    During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for
                                                                                            services provided by the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) of the
               29 Nov 2017            30 Jun 2019              224,121           197,226    company, its related practices and non-related audit firms.
               29 Nov 2017            30 Sep 2020              895,879           736,665
                                                                                                                                              2021          2020
               16 Aug 2018            30 Jun 2020              203,500           170,356    Assurance Services                                   $             $
               16 Aug 2018            30 Sep 2021              814,000           814,000    Audit or review of financial reports of the
                                                                                            entity or any entity in the group under the    146,462       146,462
               2 Nov 2018             30 Jun 2020              259,147            97,600
                                                                                            Corporations Act 2001
               2 Nov 2018             30 Sep 2021            1,036,587           780,609
                                                                                            No other assurance services, taxation or advisory services have
               29 Nov 2018            30 Jun 2020              134,980           112,708
                                                                                            been provided by the auditor in either the current or prior year.
               29 Nov 2018            30 Sep 2021              539,921           539,921
               17 Oct 2019            30 Jun 2021              459,767           379,034
                                                                                            Auditor’s Independence Declaration
               17 Oct 2019            30 Sep 2022            1,839,067         1,701,175
                                                                                            A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required
               21 Nov 2019            30 Jun 2021              134,199           101,320    under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
               21 Nov 2019            30 Sep 2022              536,797           536,797    page 45.

               30 Oct 2020            30 Jun 2021              567,083           561,459
               30 Oct 2020            30 Jun 2022              548,270           536,878
                                                                                            Rounding of amounts
               30 Oct 2020            30 Sep 2023            2,193,080         2,147,512    The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
                                                                                            (Rounding Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
               20 Nov 2020            30 Jun 2021              176,755           176,755    issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission,
               20 Nov 2020            30 Jun 2022              159,293           159,293    relating to the “rounding off’’ of amounts in the directors’ report.
                                                                                            Amounts in the directors’ report have been rounded off in
               20 Nov 2020            30 Sep 2023              637,173           637,173    accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or
              Performance rights and the resultant shares are granted for nil               in certain cases, the nearest dollar.
              consideration.

                                                                                            Auditor
              Shares issued on the exercise of vested rights
                                                                                            PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with
              The following ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited                  section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.
              were issued during the year to the date of this report on the
              exercise of vested performance rights granted under the Employee              This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the
              Performance Rights Plan. The shares are issued for nil                        Directors.
              consideration.

                                                Issue price of shares Number of shares
                    Date rights granted       (Exercise price of right)         issued
                            11 Nov 2015                               $-          70,000    Robert B Thomas AO
                             13 Oct 2016                              $-         190,362    Chairman
                                                                                            Melbourne, 26 August 2021
                            10 Aug 2017                               $-         523,735
                              2 Nov 2018                              $-         113,227




               44       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                    44
              Auditor’s Independence Declaration




               Independent
                 individually
               Auditor’s             auditor’s
                              or in aggregate,
                              Independence             report
                                                they could  reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                                                         Declaration




For personal use only
                 users taken on  the basis of the financial  report.
               To the members of Starpharma Holdings Limited
               As lead auditor for the audit of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June 2021, I
                   We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
               declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
               Report on the audit of the financial report
                   opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                        structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.
               (a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                   relation
               OurTheopinion
                       Grouptooperates
                               the audit; andbiotechnology industry, undertaking development of dendrimer technology
                                       in the
               (b) for
                    no pharmaceutical,
                       contraventions life  science
                                        of any      and other
                                                applicable    applications.
                                                            code            The Group
                                                                 of professional      owns
                                                                                 conduct  inarelation
                                                                                              portfoliotoofthe
                                                                                                            proprietary
                                                                                                               audit.
               In our  opinion:
                   technology with applications in different stages between development and commercialisation.
               This  declaration is in
               The accompanying        respect report
                                     financial  of Starpharma   Holdings
                                                       of Starpharma      Limited
                                                                      Holdings     and the
                                                                                 Limited   entities
                                                                                         (the       it controlled
                                                                                               Company)      and its during the
                                                                                                                     controlled
               period.
               entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                   (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its
                       financial performance for the year then ended
                   (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

               What we have audited
               The Group financial report comprises:
                                   Materiality                                   Audit scope                          Key audit matters
               ●        the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2021
                  For the purpose of our audit we used           Our audit focused on where the         Amongst other relevant topics, we
               ●        the consolidated statement of comprehensive            income for the year then    ended
                   overall Group materiality of $0.76              Group made subjective judgements;       communicated the following key
               ● million,
                        the which
                            consolidated     statement    of
                                   represents approximately  changes  in  equity  for the  year then ended
                                                                   for example, significant accounting     audit matters to the Audit and Risk
               ●Brad
                   5% ofthe consolidated
                          the
                        Peake Group’s        statement
                                       adjusted loss      of
                                                     before  cash flows  for
                                                                   estimates the  year
                                                                             involving  then  ended
                                                                                        assumptions        Committee:      Melbourne
                   tax.
               ●Partner                                            and  inherently
                        the consolidated income statement for the year then ended  uncertain future
                                                                                                                     26 August 2021
                                                                   events.                                Disposal of Starpharma
               ●PricewaterhouseCoopers
                        the notes   to the  consolidated
                  We applied this threshold, together with financial statements,    which   include significant accounting policies
                                                                                                           Agrochemicals
                        and other
                   qualitative       explanatory
                               considerations,      information All audit procedures are performed  Research and development tax
                                                to determine
               ● the the    directors’
                        scope of         declaration.
                                 our audit and the nature,         by PwC Australia, consistent with       incentive
                   timing and extent of our audit procedures          the location of Group management          These are further described in the
                                                                                                                 Key audit matters section of our
               Basis for opinion
                   and  to evaluate   the effect of                   and  financial records.
                   misstatements on the financial report as a                                                    report.
               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                   whole.                                            We  tailored  the scope of  our audit
               those standards are further described in the             Auditor’s
                                                                      taking          responsibilities
                                                                              into account               for the audit of the financial
                                                                                            the accounting
                  We  chose   Group   adjusted
               report section of our report.     loss before  tax     processes  and   controls, and the
                   because, in our view, it is the benchmark          industry in which the Group
               We believe that the audit evidence we haveoperates.
                   against  which   the  performance   of the          obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
               ourGroup    is most commonly measured. We
                    opinion.
                   adjusted for the impact of the gain on
                   disposal of Starpharma Agrochemicals as
               Independence
                   the financial statement line item is not
               Weexpected
                    are independent
                              to reoccur andof the
                                               has aGroup in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
               Corporations       Act 2001
                   disproportionate            andthe
                                        impact on    thearnings
                                                          ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical
               Standards      Board’s
                   result for the        APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                                   period.
               Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
               fulfilled
                        our a
                   We utilisedother ethical based on
                                5% thresholdresponsibilities
                                                     our     in accordance with the Code.
                    professional judgement, noting it is
                    within the range of commonly acceptable
                    profit related thresholds in the
                    biotechnology industry.


                 PricewaterhouseCoopers,
               PricewaterhouseCoopers,     ABN 52ABN
                                                  780 52
                                                      433780
                                                          757 433 757                                                         Page 80 of 88
               22  Riverside
                 Riverside    Quay,
                            Quay,    SOUTHBANK
                                  SOUTHBANK        VIC
                                                 VIC    3006,
                                                     3006, GPOGPO
                                                               BoxBox 1331,
                                                                   1331     MELBOURNE
                                                                        MELBOURNE  VIC VIC
                                                                                       30013001
               T:T:
                  +61
                    61 33 8603
                          8603 1000,
                               1000, F: +61338603
                                      F: 61   86031999,
                                                   1999,www.pwc.com.au
                                                         www.pwc.com.au

              Starpharma     Holdings
                Liability limited by aLimited
                                       schemeAnnual Report
                                              approved     2021
                                                       under Professional Standards Legislation.                                                        45
              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   45
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the company”) and the Board are          This Corporate Governance Statement sets out and describes the
              committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards         company’s current corporate governance principles and practices
              of corporate governance. The Board guides and monitors the             which the Board considers to comply with the 4th Edition CGC
              company’s activities on behalf of the shareholders. In developing      Recommendations. This Corporate Governance Statement is
              policies and setting standards, the Board considers the Australian     available on the company’s website. The company and its
              Securities Exchange (“ASX”) Corporate Governance Principles            controlled entity together are referred to as “the group” in this
              and Recommendations (4th Edition) (“the 4th Edition CGC                statement. This report is current as at 26 August 2021 and was
              Recommendations”).                                                     approved by the Board on that date.

              Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for management and oversight




For personal use only
              Relationship between the Board and management                          In relation to director tenure, the Board charter provides that it is
              The relationship between the Board and senior management is            anticipated that non-executive directors would generally hold office
              critical to the group’s long-term success. The directors are           for up to ten years, and shall serve a maximum of fifteen years
              responsible to the shareholders for the performance of the group in    from date of first election by shareholders.
              both the short and long term, and they seek to balance sometimes
              competing objectives in the best interests of the group.               The Board, on its initiative and on an exceptional basis, may
              Their focus is to enhance the interests of shareholders and other      exercise discretion to extend this maximum term where it
              key stakeholders and to ensure the group is properly managed.          considers that such an extension would benefit the company.
                                                                                     Starpharma’s policy on non-executive director tenure is consistent
              1.1 Responsibilities of the Board
                                                                                     with ASX guidance which acknowledges that shareholders are
              The responsibilities of the Board include oversight, accountability
                                                                                     likely to be served well by a mix of directors, including some with a
              and approval in relation to certain:
                                                                                     longer tenure who have accumulated experience and developed a
              -    Strategic issues;
                                                                                     ‘corporate memory’ over a substantial period.
              -    Shareholding items;
              -    Financial items;
              -    Expenditure items;                                                   Director                 Date first elected by shareholders
              -    Audit related items; and                                             R B Thomas               November 2014
              -    Board and senior management, delegation and succession.
                                                                                        R A Hazleton             November 2007
              Other Board responsibilities include:                                                              (retired 20 November 2020)
              -   Enhancing and protecting the reputation and culture of the            Z Peach                  November 2011
                  group;                                                                P R Turvey               November 2012
              -   Overseeing the operation of the group, including its systems                                   (resigned 29 July 2021)
                  for control, accountability, and risk management;                     J K Fairley              N/A, appointed by the Board in 2006
              -   Monitoring financial performance;
                                                                                        D J McIntyre             November 2020
              -   Liaising with the company’s auditors;
              -   Ensuring there are effective management processes in place            L Cheng                  Appointed by the Board on 1 August
                  and approving major corporate initiatives;                                                     2021 and standing for election at
              -   Setting company values and code of conduct;                                                    November 2021 AGM
              -   Satisfying itself regarding the risk management framework
                  and setting risk appetite;                                         1.3 Written agreements with Directors and Senior Executives
              -   Overseeing the process for timely and balanced disclosure of       New directors receive a letter of appointment, which outlines the
                  material information; and                                          company’s expectations of the director in relation to their
              -   Reporting to shareholders.                                         participation, time commitments and compliance with policies and
                                                                                     regulatory requirements.
              Further details regarding the responsibilities of the Board are
              detailed in the Board charter. The Board’s conduct is governed by      Senior executives and all employees are required to sign
              the company’s constitution. Both documents are available at            employment agreements which set out the key terms of their
              www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                                employment. All roles have formal position descriptions.

              1.2 Director/senior management appointment and director                1.4 Responsibilities of the Company Secretary
              election                                                               The Company Secretary supports the effective functioning of the
              Before appointing a director or senior management, and before          Board and its committees. The Company Secretary is accountable
              putting forward a director candidate to shareholders for election,     directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters related to
              the Remuneration and Nomination Committee will undertake               the proper functioning of the Board. The specific responsibilities of
              appropriate background checks. The Remuneration and                    the Company Secretary are detailed in the Board charter, which is
              Nomination Committee will also provide all material information        available at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              which is relevant to whether or not a person should be elected or      1.5 Diversity objectives and achievement
              re-elected as a director to the Board for provision to shareholders    The company is committed to workplace diversity, and the Board
              (including in relation to independence and a recommendation            values the level of diversity already present within the organisation,
              regarding support or otherwise to the candidate’s appointment or       believing that continuing to promote diversity is in the best
              election).                                                             interests of the company, its employees and its shareholders.
              The other commitments of non-executive directors are routinely         The Board last revised its Diversity Policy in May 2021, which
              reviewed by the Board in addition to being considered by the           operates alongside the Code of Conduct (including Anti-
              Remuneration and Nomination Committee prior to their                   Discrimination, Bullying and Harassment) policy, and it provides a
              appointment to the Board, and are reviewed at least annually. Prior    framework for Starpharma to achieve several diversity objectives.
              to appointment or being submitted for re-election, each non-           The Diversity Policy is available at
              executive director is required to specifically acknowledge that they   www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              have and will continue to have the time available to discharge their   Independent of external corporate governance initiatives, the
              responsibilities to the company.                                       company has embraced a culture of inclusion and equal
              The company’s constitution specifies that all non-executive            opportunity across diversity areas recognised as potentially
              directors must retire from office no later than three years or the     impacting upon equality in the workplace, with a focus on gender
              third annual general meeting (“AGM”) following their last election     but without limiting other aspects of diversity.
              (whichever is longer), and that an election of directors must take     The company recognises the corporate benefits of diversity of its
              place each year. Any director, excluding the Managing Director         workforce and the Board, and realises the importance of being
              (CEO of the group), who has been appointed during the year, must       able to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest
              stand for election at the next AGM.                                    possible pool of available talent. In accordance with the Diversity

               46       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                            46
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Policy, the Board has established measurable objectives for                     Objectives set by the Board for the 2021 financial year, and
              achieving gender diversity and has conducted an assessment of                   progress against these objectives is set out below:
              the objectives and progress in achieving them.


                   Objective                           Measurement                                        FY21 Performance

                   Female participation/talent         Achieve greater than 40% female                    50% of CEO minus 2 positions are held by females.
                   pipeline                            participation for direct reports to the CEO
                                                       or senior executives (“CEO minus 2”).




For personal use only
                                                       Actively support and encourage training,           Professional development opportunities and options
                                                       networking and development opportunities           that are aligned with the group’s needs and the
                                                       for high potential employees.                      individual’s role are considered for all employees as
                                                                                                          part of the group’s annual performance review process
                                                                                                          and as needed during the year. Investments in
                                                                                                          formal/external development programs are made
                                                                                                          where appropriate and in FY21, 44 professional
                                                                                                          development programs including conferences were
                                                                                                          attended by female employees across all levels of the
                                                                                                          organisation.
                                                                                                          The group also continues to support participation of all
                                                                                                          female staff in a biotech industry networking initiative,
                                                                                                          which included presentations by industry role models.
                                                                                                          In FY21 this event was not run due to COVID-19
                                                                                                          restrictions.

                   Equal opportunity employer          Inclusion of female candidates in                  Female candidates participated in all recruitment
                                                       recruitment process for each role with             processes throughout FY21. 60% of the positions were
                                                       female applicants, including for Board             filled with female candidates.
                                                       appointments.                                      50% of the internal promotions that occurred in FY21
                                                                                                          were female employees.

                                                       Consistent and merit-based selection               100% of successful candidates were selected on
                                                       criteria and recruitment processes used            merit-based criteria after taking part in Starpharma’s
                                                       when choosing successful candidates in             selection process.
                                                       all cases.

                   Remuneration parity                 Ensure no significant remuneration                 Analysis was completed of pre- and post-remuneration
                                                       difference for individuals in similar roles,       review “remuneration differentials to benchmarks” by
                                                       based on gender.                                   gender, and confirmed there were no significant
                                                                                                          gender differences in remuneration relative to role
                                                                                                          benchmarks.

                   Flexible working arrangements       Employees working under flexible working           16% of employees work under flexible working
                                                       arrangements (including part time).                arrangements, unrelated to the COVID-19 restrictions.

                                                       Granting a majority of requests for flexible       Mutually satisfactory flexible work arrangements were
                                                       work arrangements for family                       reviewed and agreed between the requesting
                                                       responsibilities.                                  employee and the company in 100% of cases during
                                                                                                          FY21.

                   Support for return to work after    Target a return to work following primary          Three employees were on primary care parental leave
                   parental leave                      care parental leave of 75%.                        during FY21. Of the two who were due to return to
                                                                                                          work in FY21, both (100%) returned to work.

              Slightly under half (47%) of Starpharma’s employees are female,                 objectives, adding a measurement for awareness of unconscious
              maintaining a similar gender representation to that of previous                 bias, and also plans to broaden its measurement of diversity.
              years. As captured in Starpharma’s diversity objectives (above),
              the group strives to put in place measures, such as flexible
              working arrangements, specifically to encourage participation by
                                                                                                   % Female (at 30 June)                   2021              2020
              all. The table below sets out the proportion of female employees in
              the whole organisation, in leadership/management roles (“CEO
              minus 2”), in senior executive positions and on the Board as at 30                  Whole organisation (staff and       47%                49%
              June 2021.                                                                          Board)

              Starpharma continues to have a high level of both gender and
                                                                                                  Leadership/management roles         42%                50%
              general diversity, however given the relatively small number of
              total employees, a change of one or few employees may have a
              significant impact on the group’s performance in respect of the                     Senior executive (CEO &             43%                43%
              measurable diversity objectives.                                                    direct reports)

              Starpharma is also proud of the ethnic diversity of our employee
              population, with 45% of all employees born outside Australia in 17                  Board                               40%#               33%
              different countries.                                                            #
                                                                                                  60% at the date of this report.
              Starpharma continues to improve its range of objectives to support
              workplace diversity. For FY22, the group has expanded its


                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   47

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                             47
               Corporate Governance Statement

               1.6 Board, committee and director performance                         prior financial year. The process for these assessments is
               The performance of the Board and its committees are reviewed          described in the remuneration report under the heading
               each year by the Chairman based on the completion of a formal         “Remuneration governance” on page 22 of this report.
               feedback questionnaire by each director. The summarised results
               are then reported back to and discussed by the Board. This            As part of the Board discussion on senior executive performance,
               performance evaluation took place in FY21.                            directors give consideration to succession planning and
                                                                                     development to ensure continuity and a smooth leadership
               1.7 CEO and senior executive performance                              transition in the event of senior executive movements. Separate
               Performance assessments for senior executives take place              succession planning discussions are also held as appropriate




For personal use only
               annually and took place during the year. Performance review           during the year.
               timing of executives occur throughout July/August in respect of the


               Principle 2: Structure the Board to be effective and add value
               2.1 Board committees                                                  2.1.2 Audit and Risk committee
               The Board has established two committees to assist in the             For the entire reporting period to 30 June 2021, the Audit and Risk
               execution of its duties and to allow detailed consideration of        Committee comprised of at least three independent non-executive
               complex issues. The appropriateness of the committee structure        directors.
               and membership is reviewed on an annual basis. Board
               committees are chaired by an independent director other than the      At the date of this report, the Audit and Risk Committee is
               Chairman of the Board. Where applicable, matters determined by        comprised of four independent non-executive directors consisting
               committees are submitted to the full Board as recommendations         of the following:
               for Board decisions.
                                                                                               Mr D McIntyre (Acting Chair)
               The committees established by the Board are:                                    Mr R B Thomas
               -    Remuneration and Nomination Committee; and                                 Ms Z Peach
               -    Audit and Risk Committee.                                                  Ms L Cheng

               Each committee’s charter sets out its role, responsibilities,         Details of these directors’ qualifications and attendance at
               composition and structure. The committee charters are reviewed        committee meetings are set out in the directors’ report on pages
               annually and were last reviewed in May 2021. Committee charters       13 to 20.
               are available at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
                                                                                     Each member of the Audit and Risk Committee is financially
               Both committees report regularly to the Board and minutes of          literate, and jointly possess a number of relevant finance
               committee meetings are provided to the Board.                         qualifications and experience. As a collective, the members of the
                                                                                     Audit and Risk Committee between them have substantial
               2.1.1 Remuneration and Nomination Committee                           financial, accounting and risk management related/technical
               For the entire reporting period to 30 June 2021, the Remuneration     expertise, as well as a sufficient understanding of the
               and Nomination Committee comprised of at least three                  biotechnology industry, to be able to discharge the committee’s
               independent non-executive directors.                                  mandate effectively. Members have held relevant senior positions
                                                                                     in companies and organisations, including in finance and risk
               At the date of this report, the Remuneration and Nomination           management and are or have been members of other ASX-listed
               Committee is comprised of three independent non-executive             company audit committees. Such positions include chief financial
               directors, consisting of the following:                               officer, head of risk management and Chairman of Corporate Risk
                                                                                     Management Committee, M&A director, and broker/analyst roles.
                              Ms Z Peach (Chairman)                                  Mr McIntyre is a CPA, and Mr Thomas is approved under the NSW
                              Mr R B Thomas                                          prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk Committee Independent
                              Ms L Cheng                                             Chairs and Members for government/public sector agencies.

               Details of these directors’ qualifications and attendance at          Ms Cheng was appointed to the Audit and Risk Committee on
               committee meetings are set out in the directors’ report on pages      1 August 2021. Ms Cheng has a strong background in finance with
               13 to 20.                                                             more than 25 years of experience as a finance executive and
                                                                                     having previously served as Chair of an audit and risk committee
               The charter of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee deals        for a large organisation.
               with items, to the extent delegated by the Board, related to
               reviewing and making recommendations to the Board in respect of       The Board continually reviews committee membership to ensure
               the following:                                                        the appropriate qualifications, skills and experience, which are
                                                                                     currently optimal.
               -     Board and director candidate identification, appointments,
                     elections, composition, independence, tenure and
                                                                                     The committee meets at least twice a year, and has direct access
                     succession;
                                                                                     to the company’s auditor.
               -     Remuneration and incentive policies and practices generally;
               -     Remuneration packages and other terms of employment for         The charter of the Audit and Risk Committee deals with items, to
                     executive directors, other senior executives and non-           the extent delegated by the Board, related to reviewing and
                     executive directors;                                            making recommendations to the Board in respect of the following:
               -     The succession of the CEO and other senior executives;          -    Annual report, half-year financial report and financial
               -     Diversity related items;                                             forecasts or guidance given to the market;
               -     Board skills matrix;                                            -    Systems of risk management and internal controls and review
               -     Background checks for director candidates;                           and recommendations on certain material exposure;
               -     Provision and oversight of induction and training development   -    All aspects related to the external auditor;
                     opportunities for directors; and                                -    Related party transactions;
               -     Minimum shareholding requirements for non-executive             -    Material incidents; and
                     directors (if any).                                             -    Insurance.

               The Remuneration and Nomination Committee charter is available        The Audit and Risk Committee charter is available at
               at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                            www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance



               48       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                           48
              Corporate Governance Statement

              2.2 Board skills                                                        – the size of the Board is appropriate for the company and
              Part of the role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is          conducive to effective discussion and efficient decision-making.
              to assist the Board to review the Board’s composition and
              succession planning. Both the Board and the Remuneration and            The Board reviews the commitments of each non-executive
              Nomination Committee work to ensure that the Board continues to         director, such as other directorships, to consider each director’s
              have the right balance and mix of diversity (including gender),         capacity to dedicate sufficient time to the company.
              skills, experience, background and independence necessary to
              discharge its responsibilities.                                         Starpharma’s CEO also sits on the board of listed small-cap
                                                                                      investment company Mirrabooka as a non-executive director. This




For personal use only
              The current composition of Starpharma’s Board includes directors        external post exposes both Dr Fairley and Starpharma to insights
              with core industry experience, as well as senior finance, legal and     from institutional investors and further extends the company’s
              risk management experience, essential for the Audit and Risk            network and provides her with a different vantage point. Dr Fairley
              Committee.                                                              remains fully committed to her CEO role at Starpharma and the
                                                                                      Board has carefully considered the time commitment to ensure her
              A skills and experience matrix is used to review the combined           leadership of Starpharma is not impacted.
              capabilities of the Board. A mix of general and specialty skills and
              experience areas critical to the success of the company are             The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and Board
              selected for directors to assess themselves against. Each area is       assessed the executive and non-executive roles held by David
              closely linked to the company’s core objectives and strategy.           McIntyre and Lynda Cheng in relation to their time commitment,
                                                                                      and determined there was no question as to their time commitment
              The directors rated the depth of their skill and experience in each     to serve on Starpharma’s Board.
              of the following areas:

                        1.    Leadership in Healthcare and/or Scientific Research;    2.4 Directors’ independence
                        2.    Pharmaceutical/Product Development and Supply           The Board charter contains guidelines for assessing the materiality
                              Chain;                                                  of directors’ relationships that may affect their independence.
                        3.    International experience;                               These guidelines are aligned with the 4th Edition CGC
                        4.    Regulation/Public Policy;                               Recommendations. The Board charter is available at
                        5.    Licensing and commercialisation of innovation;          www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
                        6.    Science and Technology
                        7.    Sales, Marketing and Business Development;              The Board reviews the independence of directors before they are
                        8.    Governance;                                             appointed, on an annual basis and at any other time where the
                        9.    Strategy & Risk Management;                             circumstances of a director change such as to require
                        10.   Accounting/Corporate Finance;                           reassessment. The Board has determined that all non-executive
                        11.   Health, Safety & Environment;                           directors are independent at the date of this report.
                        12.   Remuneration;
                        13.   M&A/Capital Markets; and                                The CEO is not considered independent by virtue of being an
                        14.   Audit and Risk.                                         executive director and a member of management.

              The results of the matrix show that there are three or more             2.5 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
              directors with intermediate to deep skills and experience in each of    The current Chairman, Mr Thomas, is an independent non-
              the fourteen areas above. The Board reviews the matrix at least         executive director appointed in 2013 and Chairman in June 2014.
              annually to ensure it covers the skills needed to serve the existing    The CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley, was appointed as a director and CEO
              and emerging areas of Starpharma’s business.                            on 1 July 2006. The Chairman is responsible for leading the Board,
                                                                                      ensuring directors are properly briefed in all matters relevant to
              The breadth and depth of the desired skills and experience              their role and responsibilities, facilitating Board discussions and
              represented by the directors is notable considering the size of the     managing the Board’s relationship with the group’s senior
              Board, and no existing or projected competency gaps have been           executives. The Board has established the functions delegated to
              identified. This process provides an important input to succession      the CEO. The CEO is responsible for implementing company
              planning for the Board.                                                 strategies and policies, and for the day-to-day business operations
                                                                                      of the group in accordance with the strategic objectives of the
              Having regard to the current and future activities of the group, the    group as approved by the Board from time to time.
              Board considers that collectively it has the appropriate skills and
              experience in each area listed above.                                   In accordance with current practice, the company’s policy is for the
                                                                                      roles of Chairman and CEO to be undertaken by separate people.
              2.3 Board members
              Details of the members of the Board, their experience,                  2.6 Director induction and professional development
              qualifications, term of office and independence status are set out in   The Remuneration and Nomination Committee oversees, reviews
              the directors’ report under the heading “Information on Directors”.     and makes recommendations to the Board in relation to the
              There are four non-executive directors, all of whom are deemed          induction, training and development of non-executive directors, to
              independent under the principles set out below, and one executive       ensure they have access to appropriate learning and development
              director, at the date of signing the directors’ report. The Board       opportunities to develop and maintain the skills and knowledge
              seeks to ensure that:                                                   required to effectively perform in their role as a director.
              – at any point in time, its membership represents an appropriate
                balance between directors with experience and knowledge of the        The Board receives regular updates at Board meetings and Board
                group and directors with an external or fresh perspective; and        workshops which assist directors in keeping up to date with
                                                                                      relevant market and industry developments.




                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   49

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                  49
               Corporate Governance Statement

               Principle 3: Instil a culture of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly
               3.1 Values                                                              3.3 Whistleblower policy
               Starpharma prides itself on a strong culture based on                   Starpharma has a whistleblower policy which sets out the
               accountability, performance, and ethical behaviours. The                procedures for reporting of instances of illegal, fraudulent, or
               company’s core values are disclosed in its Diversity Policy and its     undesirable behaviour to ensure that Starpharma’s code of
               Code of Conduct, as well as its Environmental, Social and               conduct and other policies are promoted and implemented, and
               Governance (“ESG”) Report.                                              that compliance with the law is maintained.




For personal use only
               3.2 Code of conduct                                                     3.4 Anti-bribery and corruption policy
               The Board is committed to the principles underpinning best              Starpharma has an anti-bribery and corruption policy which sets
               practice in corporate governance, with a commitment to the              out responsibilities in relation to key areas of fraud, corruption, and
               highest standards of legislative compliance and financial and           bribery; gifts and entertainment; and political donations. Breaches
               ethical behaviour. The company has established a code of conduct        of this policy may result in disciplinary action up to and potentially
               reflecting the core values of the company and setting out the           including dismissal.
               standards of ethical behaviour expected of directors, officers and
               employees in all dealings and relationships including with              The group has not had any material breaches in relation to its code
               shareholders, contractors, customers and suppliers, and with the        of conduct, whistleblower policy or anti-bribery and corruption
               group. The code of conduct is provided to new starters as part of       policy, and if such an event were to occur, Starpharma’s directors
               their induction and behaviour is continually monitored to ensure        would be appropriately informed. Starpharma’s policies, including
               compliance.                                                             the code of conduct, whistleblower policy and anti-bribery and
                                                                                       corruption policy are available at
               The code of conduct is reviewed periodically and was last updated       www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.
               in May 2021. The code of conduct covers employment practices,
               equal opportunity, harassment and bullying, conflicts of interest,
               use of group assets and disclosure of confidential information.


               Principle 4: Safeguard the integrity of corporate reports
               4.1 Audit and Risk Committee                                            4.2 CEO and CFO declarations for financial statements
               The company has established an Audit and Risk Committee                 Before the Board approves the company’s financial statements for
               consisting of four independent non-executive directors. Details         the half year or full year, the CEO and the CFO are required to
               regarding composition, meetings and charter are set out in              provide a declaration that, in their opinion, the financial records of
               sections 2.1 and 2.1.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement.          the entity have been properly maintained and that the financial
                                                                                       statements comply with the appropriate accounting standards and
               External auditors                                                       give a true and fair view of the financial position and performance
               The company’s policy is to appoint an external auditor who clearly      of the entity and that the opinion has been formed on the basis of a
               demonstrates quality and independence. The performance of the           sound system of risk management and internal control which is
               external auditor is reviewed annually. The current auditor,             operating effectively.
               PricewaterhouseCoopers, has been the external auditor of the
               company since it commenced operations. It is                            These declarations have been provided by the CEO and CFO to
               PricewaterhouseCoopers’ policy to rotate audit engagement               the Board in respect of the 2021 half year financial statements and
               partners on listed companies at least every five years.                 the 2021 full year financial statements which are included in this
               Starpharma’s audit engagement partner was last appointed in             annual report.
               FY20. An analysis of fees paid to the external auditor is provided in
               note 19 to the FY21 financial statements in this annual report.         4.3 Verification process for unaudited reports
                                                                                       The company has established processes for management to
               It is the policy of the external auditor to provide an annual           review, and verify the accuracy of information and ensure the
               declaration of their independence to the Audit and Risk                 appropriate balance of information in its corporate reporting. For
               Committee. The external auditor attends each AGM and is                 example, the group’s management has procedures in place with
               available to answer questions shareholders may have in relation to      relevant staff to allow the CEO and CFO to make appropriate
               the Auditor’s Report and the conduct of the audit                       certifications prior to approval of Starpharma’s quarterly cashflow
                                                                                       and activities report. Where appropriate, the company uses a
                                                                                       documented verification process for the information and data
                                                                                       contained in other reports, such as the ESG report.

               Principle 5: Make timely and balanced disclosures
               5.1. Continuous disclosure policy                                       Procedures have been established for reviewing whether there is
               The company has developed a continuous disclosure and                   any price sensitive information that should be disclosed to the
               shareholder communication policy to ensure compliance with the          market or whether any price sensitive information may have been
               ASX Listing Rules and to facilitate effective communication with        inadvertently disclosed.
               shareholders.
                                                                                       Except in exceptional circumstances, all ASX announcements
               The Board has appointed the Company Secretary as the person             (other than standard compliance announcements or newsletters
               responsible for disclosure of information to the ASX. The CEO and       with no new material information) require the approval of the
               Company Secretary are responsible for ensuring that all                 Chairman, or another non-executive director in his absence.
               announcements made by Starpharma to the ASX are accurate,
               balanced and comply with legal and ASX requirements, and are            A copy of the policy is available on the company’s website at
               expressed in a clear and objective manner that allows an investor       www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
               or its professional advisers to understand its ramifications and to
               assess its impact on the price or value of Starpharma securities.       5.2. Board promptly receives material announcements
                                                                                       To ensure directors have visibility of Starpharma’s market
               The policy also sets out the requirements for ensuring compliance       disclosures, the Board receives copies of all ASX announcements
               with the continuous disclosure requirements of the ASX Listing          promptly as they are lodged with the ASX.
               Rules and overseeing and co-ordinating disclosure to the ASX,
               analysts, brokers, shareholders, the media and the public.


               50       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                              50
               Corporate Governance Statement

               5.3. Investor presentations                                                investor, industry and scientific conferences, and for those events
               AGM presentations and any investor presentations containing                would typically publish an accompanying presentation on its
               material new information are disclosed, in accordance with ASX             website, or lodge it on the ASX announcements platform, as
               listing rule 3.1. From time to time, the company will participate in       appropriate.


               Principle 6: Respect the rights of shareholders
               6.1 Information on website




For personal use only
               The company provides ready access to its shareholders and                  Shareholders are given the opportunity, through the Chairman, to
               members of the public to information about the company and its             ask general questions of the Board. Shareholders who are unable
               governance on its website at www.starpharma.com                            to attend the meeting in person may submit written questions
                                                                                          together with their proxy form, to be addressed in the Chairman’s
               6.2 Communication with investors                                           address, the CEO’s presentation or put to the meeting by the
               The company recognises that shareholders may not be aware of               Chairman. For the 2020 AGM, the company used technology to
               all group developments at all times, notwithstanding the release of        conduct a virtual AGM, which included the ability for shareholders
               information to the ASX in accordance with the company’s                    to ask questions. The external auditor attends each AGM and is
               continuous disclosure policy and the law. In addition to ensuring          available to answer questions shareholders may have in relation to
               that all ASX announcements and company reports are available on            the Auditor’s Report and the conduct of the audit.
               the company’s website as soon as possible following confirmation
               by the ASX of receipt of the announcement, the company will send           6.4 Voting by poll
               to each shareholder who has so requested, either by post or email          All resolutions at Starpharma’s shareholder meetings are voted on
               to their nominated address, annual reports.                                by poll rather than by show of hands.
               ASX announcements are also posted on the OTCQX website
                                                                                          6.5 Electronic communication with the company and its share
               (www.otcqx.com) in order to provide timely disclosure to US
                                                                                          registry
               investors trading in the company’s Level One ADRs
                                                                                          Shareholders and other interested parties are able to subscribe to
               (OTCQX:SPHRY). The company’s website also has an option for
                                                                                          Starpharma news via the company’s website or to certain
               shareholders to register their email address for direct email
                                                                                          information via the company’s share registry. Significant ASX
               updates which the company may send for material company
                                                                                          announcements and financial reports are emailed to subscribers
               matters to, where they have previously been released to ASX and
                                                                                          promptly following confirmation by the ASX of receipt of the
               OTCQX.
                                                                                          relevant report or announcement.
               6.3 Participation at Annual General Meetings
                                                                                          Shareholders are also able to contact the company or submit
               The AGM is generally held in November each year. The Notice of
                                                                                          questions or comments to the company’s investor relations email
               Meeting and related Explanatory Notes are distributed to
                                                                                          address, and where appropriate, a response will be provided. No
               shareholders in accordance with the requirements of the
                                                                                          price sensitive information will be provided unless previously
               Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
                                                                                          released to the ASX.
               The AGM provides an opportunity for the Board to communicate
               with shareholders through the Chairman’s address and the CEO’s
               presentation.

               Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk
               7.1. Audit and Risk Committee                                              oversight of material business risks, and describes the
               The company has established an Audit and Risk Committee                    responsibilities and authorities of the Board, the Audit and Risk
               consisting of at least three independent non-executive directors.          Committee, the CEO, CFO & Company Secretary, and the senior
               Details regarding its composition, meetings and charter are set out        management team. A summary of the policy is available on the
               in section 2.1 and 2.1.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement.           company’s website at
                                                                                          www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
               7.2 Risk assessment and management
               The Board, through the Audit and Risk Committee, is responsible            The CEO and CFO & Company Secretary are responsible to the
               for ensuring there are adequate policies in relation to risk               Board through the Audit and Risk Committee for the overall
               management, compliance and internal control systems. The                   implementation of the risk management program. During the
               company operates in a challenging and dynamic environment, and             financial year management has reported to the Board as to the
               risk management is viewed as integral to realising new                     effectiveness of the group’s management of its material risks.
               opportunities as well as identifying issues that may have an
               adverse effect on the company’s existing operations and its                7.3 Internal audit function
               sustainability. The company is committed to a proactive approach           Given the size of the company, there is no internal audit function.
               towards risk management throughout its entire business                     As detailed in section 7.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement,
               operations. The Board aims to ensure that effective risk                   detailed risk assessments are carried out in respect of a wide
               management practices become embedded in the company’s                      range of items, and where appropriate and possible, risk mitigation
               culture and in the way activities are carried out at all levels of the     strategies are implemented to minimise the chance of the risks
               group. The Board and management recognise the importance that              occurring, and to minimise any impact where a risk eventuates.
               risk management plays in ensuring the business is able to fully
               capitalise on the opportunities available to it, as well as mitigating     7.4 Sustainability risks and management
               potential loss.                                                            The company’s key economic, environmental and social
                                                                                          sustainability risks are outlined on pages 18 to 19 of the directors’
               Health and safety are considered to be of paramount importance             report under the heading ‘Material Business Risks’.
               and are the focus of significant risk management activities within
               the group. Other risk areas that are addressed include product             In addition to the risk assessment and management strategies
               liability, business continuity, cyber-security, reputation, intellectual   outlined in section 7.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement
               property, product development and clinical trials. Adherence to the        and set out in the ESG section on page 12 of the annual report, as
               code of conduct is required at all times and the Board actively            well as in the ESG Report available on Starpharma’s website, the
               promotes a culture of quality and integrity. The Board has required        company utilises a number of risk mitigation strategies including
               management to design and implement a risk management and                   employing qualified staff and consultants, external advisors,
               internal control system to manage the group’s material business            maintaining a portfolio/pipeline of products and applications, and
               risks. The risk management policy sets out policies for the                holding insurance in a number of areas.


               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   51
                                                                                                                                                                  51
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Principle 8: Remunerate fairly and responsible
              8.1 Remuneration and Nomination Committee                               Executive directors and senior management receive a mix of fixed
              The company has established a Remuneration and Nomination               and variable pay, comprising both cash and equity incentives.
              Committee consisting of three independent non-executive
              directors. Details regarding composition, meetings and charter are      Non-executive directors receive fees only and do not receive
              set out in sections 2.1 and 2.1.1 of this Corporate Governance          bonus payments or equity incentives. Non-executive directors do
              Statement.                                                              not receive termination/retirement benefits, whereas executive




For personal use only
                                                                                      directors and senior management are entitled to termination
              8.2 Non-executive and executive remuneration                            payments in accordance with the terms of their contracts (detailed
              Each member of the senior executive team has signed a formal            on page 41).
              employment contract covering a range of matters including their
              duties, rights, responsibilities and any entitlements on termination.   8.3 Prohibition on hedging of unvested/restricted entitlements
              Each role has a position description which is reviewed by the CEO       Employees are prohibited from entering into transactions in
              (or the committee in the case of the CEO) and relevant executive.       products which limit the economic risk of any equity granted under
              Further information on directors’ and executives’ remuneration,         an employee incentive scheme which are unvested or subject to a
              including principles used to determine remuneration, is set out in      disposal restriction. Details in relation to this policy are contained
              the remuneration report on pages 21 to 43.                              in the securities dealing policy which is available at
                                                                                      www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance




              52
              Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                                         52
               Annual Financial Report for the year ended 30 June 2021



               Contents

                        Consolidated Income Statement                                                                                                                 54

                        Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                                                55




For personal use only
                        Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                                                                    56

                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                                   57

                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                                                                          58

                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                59

                        Directors’ Declaration                                                                                                                        81

                        Independent Audit Report to the Members                                                                                                       82




               These financial statements are the consolidated financial statements for the consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited and
               its subsidiaries (collectively, “the group”). The financial statements are presented in dollars denominated in Australian currency. Starpharma
               Holdings Limited is a public company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in the State of Victoria, Australia.

               Its registered office and principal place of business is:

                         Starpharma Holdings Limited
                         4-6 Southampton Crescent
                         Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067
                         Australia

               A description of the nature of the group’s operations and its principal activities is included in the Chief Executive Officer’s Report on pages 3 to
               11 and in the operating and financial review in the Directors’ Report on pages 16 to 20, which are not part of this financial report.

               The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 26 August 2021. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the
               financial report.

               Through the use of the internet, Starpharma ensures that corporate reporting is timely and complete. All recent press releases, financial reports
               and other information are available on the group’s website (www.starpharma.com), as well as ASX announcements and releases available via
               the Australian Securities Exchange (www2.asx.com.au/markets/trade-our-cash-market/historical-announcements).




                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   53

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                          53
              Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended 30 June 2021


                                                                                                          30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                      Notes                          $'000           $'000

                Continuing operations
                Revenue                                                                 5                            2,151           6,556
                Cost of goods sold                                                                                    (791)          (890)




For personal use only
                Other income                                                            5                            1,336            559
                Research and product development expense
                (net of R&D tax incentive)                                              6                          (15,075)       (14,808)
                Commercial and regulatory operating expense                             6                           (3,336)        (3,426)
                Corporate, administration and finance expense                           6                           (4,017)        (2,669)
                Loss before income tax                                                                             (19,732)       (14,678)
                Income tax expense                                                      7                                 -              -
                Loss from continuing operations attributable to equity holders
                of the company                                                                                     (19,732)       (14,678)




                Loss per share for loss from continuing operations attributable
                to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                                            $              $
                Basic loss per share                                                    25                          ($0.05)        ($0.04)
                Diluted loss per share                                                  25                          ($0.05)        ($0.04)


              The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                             54
               54       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
              Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 30 June 2021


                                                                                                              30 June 2021                   30 June 2020
                                                                                                                       $'000                           $'000

                 Loss for the period                                                                                (19,732)                       (14,678)


                 Other comprehensive income (loss)
                 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss                                                            -                               -




For personal use only
                 Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                            -                               -
                 Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                   (19,732)                       (14,678)


              The above statement of consolidated comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                 55
                                                                                                          STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   55
              Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2021


                                                                                                       30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                              Notes                               $'000          $'000

                Current Assets
                Cash and cash equivalents                                       8                                60,500         30,054
                Trade and other receivables                                     9                                 8,534          6,128




For personal use only
                Inventories                                                     10                                1,721           494
                Total Current Assets                                                                             70,755         36,676


                Non-Current Assets
                Property, plant and equipment                                   11                                1,373           877
                Right-of-use assets                                             13                                1,110          1,525
                Total Non-Current Assets                                                                          2,483          2,402
                Total Assets                                                                                     73,238         39,078


                Current Liabilities
                Trade and other payables                                        12                                7,954          4,472
                Lease liabilities                                               13                                 692            604
                Provision for employee benefits                                 14                                1,371          1,184
                Deferred income                                                 5                                  412            437
                Total Current Liabilities                                                                        10,429          6,697


                Non-Current Liabilities
                Lease liabilities                                               13                                 475            970
                Provision for employee benefits                                 14                                  34             85
                Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                                      509           1,055
                Total Liabilities                                                                                10,938          7,752
                Net Assets                                                                                       62,300         31,326


                Equity
                Contributed capital                                             15                              240,630        193,661
                Reserves                                                        16                               24,077         20,340
                Accumulated losses                                              17                          (202,407)        (182,675)
                Total Equity                                                                                     62,300         31,326


              The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                         56
               56       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 30 June 2021


                                                                                            Contributed       Reserves         Accumulated                      Total
                                                                                                 capital                            losses
                                                                                                                                                               equity
                                                                         Notes                     $'000           $'000                 $'000                  $'000

                 Balance at 1 July 2019                                                          193,621          16,775            (167,997)                  42,399
                 Loss for the year                                                                      -                -           (14,678)             (14,678)




For personal use only
                 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                      -                -                    -                       -
                 Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                         -                -           (14,678)             (14,678)
                 Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                 Employee share plans                                     15                          40                 -                    -                   40
                 Employee performance rights plan                         16                            -          3,565                      -                 3,565
                 Total transactions with owners                                                       40           3,565                      -                 3,605
                 Balance at 30 June 2020                                                         193,661          20,340            (182,675)                  31,326
                 Loss for the year                                                                      -                -           (19,732)             (19,732)
                 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                      -                -                    -                       -
                 Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                         -                -           (19,732)             (19,732)
                 Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                 Contributions of equity, net of transaction costs                                46,931                 -                    -                46,931
                 Employee share plans                                     15                          38                 -                    -                   38
                 Employee performance rights plan                         16                            -          3,737                      -                 3,737
                 Total transactions with owners                                                   46,969           3,737                      -                50,706
                 Balance at 30 June 2021                                                         240,630          24,077            (202,407)                  62,300


              The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                    57
                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021     57
              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 30 June 2021


                                                                                                             30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                     Notes                           $'000              $'000

                Cash Flows from Operating Activities
                Receipts from trade and other debtors (inclusive of GST)                                             2,436              7,229
                Grant income and R&D tax incentives (inclusive of GST)                                               7,103              5,261




For personal use only
                Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                            (24,652)           (23,749)
                Interest received                                                                                         362            562
                Interest paid                                                                                             (57)           (79)
                Net cash outflows from operating activities                            24                         (14,808)           (10,776)


                Cash Flow from Investing Activities
                Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                           (246)              (125)
                Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale financial assets                                                    -              -

                Net cash outflows from investing activities                                                          (246)              (125)


                Cash Flow from Financing Activities
                Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                       48,862                  -
                Share issue transaction costs                                                                       (1,931)                 -
                Lease repayments                                                                                     (628)              (584)
                Net cash inflows (outflows) from financing activities                                               46,303              (584)


                Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents held                                           31,249           (11,485)
                Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                              30,054             41,251
                Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                        (803)               288
                Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                    60,500             30,054


              The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                58
               58       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021


              Contents

               1.       Significant Accounting Policies                                                                                                             60

               2.       Financial Risk Management                                                                                                                   64




For personal use only
               3.       Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements                                                                                                65

               4.       Segment Information                                                                                                                         65

               5.       Revenue and Other Income                                                                                                                    65

               6.       Expenses                                                                                                                                    66

               7.       Income Tax Expense                                                                                                                          67

               8.       Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                                                  68

               9.       Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables                                                                                                69

               10.      Current Assets – Inventories                                                                                                                69

               11.      Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment                                                                                          70

               12.      Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables                                                                                              71

               13.      Current and Non-Current Assets/Liabilities – Leases                                                                                         71

               14.      Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits                                                                       71

               15.      Contributed Equity                                                                                                                          72

               16.      Reserves                                                                                                                                    73

               17.      Accumulated Losses                                                                                                                          73

               18.      Related Party Transactions                                                                                                                  73

               19.      Remuneration of Auditors                                                                                                                    74

               20.      Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date                                                                                               74

               21.      Commitments                                                                                                                                 74

               22.      Contingencies                                                                                                                               74

               23.      Subsidiaries                                                                                                                                74

               24.      Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities                                                      75

               25.      Earnings Per Share                                                                                                                          75

               26.      Share-Based Payments                                                                                                                        76

               27.      Parent Entity Financial Information                                                                                                         80




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   59
                                                                                                                                                                     59
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              1. Significant Accounting Policies

              The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of         (vi) Going Concern
              these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These
                                                                                      For the year ended 30 June 2021, the group has incurred losses
              policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
                                                                                      from continuing operations of $19,732,000 (2020: $14,678,000)
              unless otherwise stated. The financial statements are for the
                                                                                      and experienced net cash outflows of $14,808,000 from operations
              consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the
                                                                                      (2020: $10,776,000), as disclosed in the income statement and
              company” or “parent entity”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, “the
                                                                                      statement of cash flows, respectively. The group is in the
              group” or “the consolidated entity”).




For personal use only
                                                                                      development and early commercialisation phase, and given the
                                                                                      entity’s strategic plans, the directors are satisfied regarding the
              (a) Basis of preparation                                                availability of working capital for the period up to at least 31 August
              These general purpose financial statements have been prepared           2022. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the financial report
              in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and                  on a going concern basis in the belief that the consolidated entity
              Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards           will realise its assets and settle its liabilities and commitments in
              Board and the Corporations Act 2001. Starpharma Holdings                the normal course of business and for at least the amounts stated
              Limited is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the         in the financial report.
              financial statements.
                                                                                      (b) Principles of consolidation
              (i) Compliance with IFRS                                                (i) Subsidiaries
              The consolidated financial statements of the group also comply          The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and
              with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued       liabilities of all subsidiaries of the group as at 30 June 2021 and
              by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                 the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended.

              (ii) New and amended standards adopted by the group                     Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over
              The group has applied the following standards and amendments            which the group has control. The group controls an entity when the
              for the first time for the annual reporting period commencing 1 July    group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
              2020:                                                                   involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
                   AASB 2018-7 Amendments to Australian Accounting                   returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
                    Standards – Definition of Material [AASB 101 and AASB 108]        Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control
                                                                                      is transferred to the group. They are deconsolidated from the date
                   AASB 2018-6 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                                                                                      that control ceases. The group has one subsidiary, Starpharma
                    Standards – Definition of a Business [AASB 3]
                                                                                      Pty Limited.
                   AASB 2019-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                    Standards – Interest Rate Benchmark Reform [AASB 9,
                                                                                      Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on
                    AASB 139 and AASB 7]
                                                                                      transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised
                   AASB 2019-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting                   losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                    Standards – Disclosure of the Effect of New IFRS Standards        evidence of the impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting
                    Not Yet issued in Australia [AASB 1054]                           policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to
                   Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting and AASB             ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the group.
                    2019-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards –
                    References to the Conceptual Framework.
                                                                                      (c) Segment reporting
              The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the              Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
              amounts recognised in prior periods and are not expected to             internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker.
              significantly affect the current or future periods.                     The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for
                                                                                      allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
              (iii) Early adoption of standards                                       segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer.
              The group has not elected to apply any pronouncements before
              their operative date in the annual reporting period beginning           (d) Foreign currency translation
              1 July 2020.                                                            (i) Functional and presentation currency
                                                                                      Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s
              (iv) Historical cost convention                                         entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
              These financial statements have been prepared under the                 environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’).
              historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian
              available-for-sale financial assets, financial assets and liabilities   dollars, which is the company’s functional and presentation
              (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit or      currency.
              loss, certain classes of property, plant and equipment and
              investment property.                                                    (ii) Transactions and balances
                                                                                      Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional
              (v) Critical accounting estimates                                       currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
                                                                                      transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from
              The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain     the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at
              critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to           year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities
              exercise its judgement in the process of applying the group’s           denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.
              accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of
              judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and                 Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are
              estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed     presented in the income statement, within finance costs. All other
              in note 3.                                                              foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the income
                                                                                      statement on a net basis within other income or other expenses.




               60       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                              60
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              (e) Revenue recognition                                                   use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
              The accounting policies for the group’s revenue from contracts            grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
              with customers are explained in note 5.                                   identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash
                                                                                        inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash generating
                                                                                        units).
              (f) Government grants
              Grants from the Australian government are recognised at their fair        (j) Cash and cash equivalents
              value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
              received and the group will comply with all relevant conditions.          For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows,
              Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised           cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held




For personal use only
              in the income statement over the period necessary to match them           with financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid
              with the costs that they are intended to compensate. All                  investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash
              government grants, with the exception of the Australian                   and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
              Government Research & Development Tax Incentive (note 3(ii)),             The amount of significant cash and cash equivalents not available
              are recorded in the income statement within Other Income (note            for use is disclosed in note 8.
              5).
                                                                                        (k) Trade receivables
              (g) Income tax                                                            Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and
              The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax               subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
              payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the               interest method, less any allowance for expected credit loss. Trade
              applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by             receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 to 60 days.
              changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to            They are presented as current assets unless collection is not
              temporary differences and to unused tax losses. Deferred tax              expected for more than 12 months after the reporting date.
              assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis.
              the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are recovered or          The group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring
              liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted       expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss
              or substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax          allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. To
              rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and             measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and
              taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or        contract assets are grouped based on shared credit risk
              liability. An exception is made for certain temporary differences         characteristics and the days past due. An expected credit loss is
              arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No       recognised when there is objective evidence that the group will not
              deferred tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these        be able to collect the relevant receivable.
              temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other than a
              business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not         (l) Inventories
              affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax   Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at
              assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and            the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes
              unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable amounts      expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them
              will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.      to their existing condition and location. Costs are assigned to
              Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary      individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average.
              differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of                  costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
              investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to     deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the
              control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and       estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
              it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable   estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary
              future. Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts         to make the sale.
              recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity are
              also recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity,
              respectively. The company and its wholly-owned Australian                 (m) Investments and other financial assets
              controlled entity, Starpharma Pty Limited, are not consolidated for       (i) Classification
              tax purposes.                                                             The group classifies its financial assets in the following
                                                                                        measurement categories:
              (i) Investment allowances and similar tax incentives                         those to be measured subsequently at fair value, and
              Companies within the group may be entitled to claim special tax              those to be measured at amortised cost.
              deductions for investments in qualifying assets or in relation to
              qualifying expenditure (eg. investment allowances). The group             The classification depends on the each entity’s business model for
              accounts for such allowances as tax credits, which means that the         managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the
              allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax expense. A           cash flows.
              deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that are
              carried forward as deferred tax assets.                                   The group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its
                                                                                        business model for managing those assets changes.
              (h) Leases
                                                                                        (ii) Loans and other receivables
              The group’s leasing policy is described in note 13.
                                                                                        Loans and other receivables are non-derivative financial assets
                                                                                        with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
              (i) Impairment of assets
                                                                                        active market. They are included in current assets, except for
              Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite life are not       those with maturities greater than 12 months after the reporting
              subject to amortisation. They are tested annually for impairment or       date which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and
              more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that       receivables are included in trade and other receivables (note 9) in
              they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment            the balance sheet.
              whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the
              carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
              recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
              exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the
              higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in




                                                                                                             STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   61

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                    61
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021


               1. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)                            and the risks specific to the liability. The increase of the provision
                                                                                         due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.
               (n) Property, plant and equipment and leasehold
               improvements                                                              (r) Employee benefits
               Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less           (i) Short-term obligations
               depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
                                                                                         Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits,
               attributable to the acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are
                                                                                         annual and long-service leave expected to be settled within 12
               included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a
                                                                                         months after the end of the period in which the employees render




For personal use only
               separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future
                                                                                         the related service are recognised in respect of employees’
               economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group
                                                                                         services up to the period and are measured at the amounts
               and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying
                                                                                         expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liability for
               amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
                                                                                         annual and long service leave is recognised in the provision for
               derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance
                                                                                         employee benefits. All other short-term employee benefit
               are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which
                                                                                         obligations are presented as payables.
               they are incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line
               method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of the
                                                                                         (iii) Superannuation and Pension Benefits
               residual values, over their estimated useful lives. The expected
               useful lives are 2 to 20 years. The assets’ residual values and           Group companies make the statutory superannuation guarantee
               useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each           contribution in respect of each employee to their nominated
               balance sheet date. An asset’s carrying amount is written down            complying superannuation or pension fund. In certain
               immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying             circumstances pursuant to an employee’s employment contract the
               amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains            group companies may also be required to make additional
               and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds              superannuation or pension contributions and/or agree to make
               with the carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss.           salary sacrifice superannuation or pension contributions in addition
                                                                                         to the statutory guarantee contribution. The relevant entities legal
                                                                                         or constructive obligation is limited to the above contributions.
               The cost of improvements to or on leasehold properties is
                                                                                         Contributions to the employees’ superannuation or pension plans
               amortised over the remaining notice period under the premises
                                                                                         are recognised as an expense as they become payable. Prepaid
               lease (being 1.5 years at the reporting date) or the estimated
                                                                                         contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash
               useful life of the improvement to the group, whichever is shorter.
                                                                                         refund or reduction in future payments is available.

               (o) Intangible assets                                                     (iv) Share-based payments
               (i) Patents and licenses                                                  Share-based compensation benefits are offered to employees via
               Costs associated with patents are expensed as incurred. Licenses          an Employee Performance Rights Plan and an Employee Share
               and acquired patents with a finite useful life are carried at cost less   Plan ($1,000 Plan). Information relating to these plans is set out in
               accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is           note 26 and in the remuneration report under the directors’ report.
               calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of
               licenses and patents over the period of the expected benefit, which       The fair value of performance rights granted is recognised as an
               is up to 20 years. As at the reporting date no patents or licenses        employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
               are recognised as intangible assets.                                      The fair value of employee services received, measured by
                                                                                         reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the
               (iii) Research and development                                            vesting period. Depending on the performance measure of the
                                                                                         right vesting, the fair value at grant date represents either a
               Research and development expenditure is expensed as incurred              volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to
               except that costs incurred on development projects, relating to the       the grant date, or a value calculated using a hybrid Monte-Carlo-
               design and testing of new or improved products, are recognised as         trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute total
               intangible assets when it is probable that the project will, after        shareholder return (TSR) target, the term of the right, the share
               considering its commercial and technical feasibility, be completed        price at grant date, the risk free rate, the expected dividend yield,
               and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be                expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant index,
               measured reliably. To date no research and development costs              and the correlation between the share price and that index. The
               have been recognised as intangible assets.                                fair value excludes the impact of any non-market vesting
                                                                                         conditions (for example, profitability and sales growth targets).
               (p) Trade and other payables                                              Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about
               These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services                the number of performance rights that are expected to become
               provided to the group prior to the end of the financial year which        exercisable. At each reporting date, the entity revises its estimate
               are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid                of the number of performance rights that are expected to become
               within 30 to 45 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are         exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised in each
               presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12      period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of
               months from the reporting date.                                           the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in the
                                                                                         income statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
               (q) Provisions                                                            Under the Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan) shares are issued
               Provisions for legal claims, service claims and make good                 to employees for no cash consideration and vest at the earlier of
               obligations are recognised when the group has a present legal or          three years or cessation of employment. On this date, the market
               constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is more        value of the shares issued is recognised as an employee benefits
               probable than not that an outflow of resources will be required to        expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
               settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated.
               Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses. Where          (v) Bonus payments
               there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an
               outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering       The group recognises a liability and an expense for employee
               the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even       bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration
               if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item in the       performance criteria that have been set. The group recognises a
               same class of obligations may be small. Provisions are measured           provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past
               at the present value of management’s best estimate for the                practice that has created a constructive obligation.
               expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the balance
               date. The discount rate used to determine the present value               For non-cash incentives where equity is granted, please refer to
               reflects current market assessment of the time, value of money,           note 26 and the remuneration report under the directors’ report.


               62       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                 62
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021


              (vi) Termination benefits                                               (v) Goods and services tax (GST)
              Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated          Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount
              before the normal retirement date, or when an employee accepts          of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not recoverable
              voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The group          from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of
              recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed       the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
              to either terminating the employment of current employees               Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of
              according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal   GST receivable from, or payable to, the taxation authority and are
              or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made to       included with other receivables or payables in the balance sheet.




For personal use only
              encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than          Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components
              12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to       of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are
              present value.                                                          recoverable from, or payable to the taxation authority, are
                                                                                      presented as operating cash flows.
              (s) Contributed equity
              Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly    (w) Rounding of amounts
              attributable to the issue of new shares or performance rights are       The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
              shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.          (Rounding Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
              Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or   issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission,
              performance rights, for the acquisition of a business, are not          relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the financial statements.
              included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the purchase         Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in
              consideration.                                                          accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or
                                                                                      in certain cases, the nearest dollar.
              (t) Dividends
              Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being        (x) Parent entity financial information
              appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the
                                                                                      The financial information for the parent entity disclosed in note 27
              entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not
                                                                                      has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial
              distributed at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                      statements, except as set out below.
              (u) Earnings per share
                                                                                      (i) Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities
              (i) Basic earnings per share
                                                                                      Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities
              Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit           are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of the parent
              attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of           entity. Dividends received from associates are recognised in the
              servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted            parent entity’s profit or loss when its right to receive the dividend is
              average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the                established.
              financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares
              issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.
                                                                                      (ii) Share-based payments
              (ii) Diluted earnings per share                                         The grant by the parent entity of rights over its equity instruments
              Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the              to the employees of subsidiary undertakings in the group is treated
              determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the      as a capital contribution to that subsidiary undertaking. The fair
              after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs           value of employee services received, measured by reference to
              associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted     the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as
              average number of additional ordinary shares that would have            an increase to investment in subsidiary undertakings, with a
              been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential      corresponding credit to equity.
              ordinary shares.




                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   63

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                   63
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              2. Financial Risk Management
              The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks;                currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The group
              including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The group’s               operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk
              overall financial risk management program focuses on the                         arising from currency exposures to major currencies including
              unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise                      United States dollars (US$) and Great British pounds (£).
              potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the group.
              The Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer &                       On the basis of the nature of these transactions, the group does
              Company Secretary, under the guidance of the Audit and Risk                      not use derivative financial instruments to hedge such exposures
              Committee and the Board, have responsibility for the financial risk              but maintains cash and deposits in Australian dollars, United




For personal use only
              management program.                                                              States dollars and Great British pounds. The directors regularly
                                                                                               monitor the potential impact of movements in foreign exchange
              (a) Market risk                                                                  exposure.
              (i) Foreign Exchange Risk
                                                                                               The exposure to foreign currency risk at the reporting date
              Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions                 calculated using the closing exchange rate as at 30 June 2021 for
              and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a                       US$ of $0.7518 and for £ of $0.5429 was as follows:


                                                                              30 June 2021            30 June 2020                30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                       US$                     US$                           £                 £
                                                                                     $’000                   $’000                       £’000             £’000

               Cash and cash equivalents                                               4,461                   6,317                      955                1,518

               Trade and other receivables                                               255                        17                    253                     -

               Trade and other payables                                                  469                     331                     1,678               1,426

              Group Sensitivity
              The group is mainly exposed to US$ and £ on foreign currencies held, receivable and payable. The following table details the group’s sensitivity
              to a 10% increase and decrease in the Australian dollar against the US$ or £. A positive number indicates a favourable movement; that is an
              increase in profit or reduction in the loss.

                                                                           30 June 2021              30 June 2020                 30 June 2021        30 June 2020
                                                                                  $’000                     $’000                        £’000               £’000

               Impact on profit / (loss) on a movement of                            US$                       US$                           £                         £

               Australian dollar strengthens (increases) against
               the foreign currency by 10%                                           (514)                    (795)                         79                   (15)

               Australian dollar weakens (decreases) against
               the foreign currency by 10%                                            628                      972                        (96)                    18


              (ii) Cash Flow Interest Rate Risk
              The group holds interest bearing assets and therefore the income and operating cash flows are exposed to market interest rates.
              At the end of the reporting period, the group had the following value of term and at call deposits. Refer to note 8 for additional information.


                                                                                                              30 June 2021                            30 June 2020
                                                                                                                     $’000                                   $’000

               Term Deposits and deposits at call                                                                        57,299                               25,984


              Group Sensitivity
              At 30 June 2021, if interest rates changed by 50 basis points (0.50%) either higher or lower from the year end rates with all other variables held
              constant, group profit for the year would have been $193,000 higher or lower (2020 - change of 50 bps: $131,000 higher/lower) due to either
              higher or lower interest income from cash or cash equivalents.

              (b) Credit risk
                                                                                               (c) Liquidity risk
              Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from
              cash and cash equivalents with banks and financial institutions, as              Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient
              well as credit exposures from sales and distribution, product                    cash reserves and marketable securities. The directors regularly
              supply, licensing and royalty agreements. Credit risk for cash and               monitor the cash position of the group, giving consideration to the
              deposits with banks and financial institutions is managed by                     level of expenditure and future capital commitments.
              maximising deposits held under major Australian banks. All cash
              and deposits are held with major Australian banks, with the                      (d) Fair value estimation
              majority being held with the National Australia Bank and                         The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities must be
              Commonwealth Bank of Australia. Other than government grants,                    estimated for recognition and measurement for disclosure
              tax incentives and taxes receivable, third party receivables largely             purposes. The carrying value less impairment provision of trade
              consist of customer receivables from leading, multinational                      receivables and payables are assumed to approximate their fair
              organisations.                                                                   values due to their short-term nature. The fair value of financial
                                                                                               liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the
                                                                                               future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate
                                                                                               that is available to the group for similar financial instruments.
               64       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                          64
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              3. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements

              Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future
              events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

              The group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the
              related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
              assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.




For personal use only
              i) Income Taxes
              The group is subject to income taxes in Australia. There are transactions and calculations undertaken during the ordinary course of business for
              which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
              initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. The
              group has not recognised deferred tax assets or liabilities, including from carried forward losses, due to the realisation of such benefits being
              uncertain. The utilisation of tax losses also depends on the ability of the entity to satisfy certain tests at the time the losses are sought to be
              recouped.

              ii) Australian Government Research & Development Tax Incentives
              The group’s research and development activities are eligible under an Australian Government tax incentive for eligible expenditure from 1 July
              2011. Management has assessed these activities and expenditure to determine which are likely to be eligible under the incentive scheme. For
              the period to 30 June 2021 the group has recorded a contra research and development expense of $7,248,000 (2020: $5,669,000). The total
              R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded at 30 June 2021 is $7,233,000 (2020: $5,670,000).



              4. Segment Information
              The group has determined that on the basis of internal reporting and monitoring to the Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief operating
              decision maker, the group operates in one business segment, being the discovery, development and commercialisation of dendrimers for
              pharmaceutical, life science and other applications.


              5. Revenue and Other Income
                                                                                                             30 June 2021                             30 June 2020
               Revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                  $’000                                    $’000

               Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                  1,798                                     6,033

               Interest revenue                                                                                         353                                          523

               Total revenue from continuing operations                                                               2,151                                     6,556

               Other income                                                                                           1,336                                          559

               Total revenue and other income from continuing operations                                              3,487                                     7,115



              Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
              Revenue from contracts with customers includes licensing revenue, products sales, royalties, and research revenue from partners.

              Total revenue from contracts with customers for the year was $1,798,000 (2020: $6,033,000) which is predominately product sales and royalties
              on VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® products. Revenue from contracts with customers in the prior year included A$4,339,000 on AstraZeneca
              triggering a non-recurring US$3 million milestone for the first dose of AZD0466 administered in the phase 1 trial of its first DEP® product.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021     65

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                          65
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              5. Revenue and Other Income (continued)
              Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers
              The group has recognised the following current assets and current liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                                             30 June 2021                        30 June 2020
                                                                                                                    $’000                               $’000

               Trade and other receivables                                                                             488                                  40




For personal use only
               Contract liabilities                                                                                 (1,141)                               (437)

              Customer trade and other receivables as at 30 June 2021 are $488,000. The movement from the prior year reflects VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel®
              BV product sales within standard terms of settlement of up to 60 days.

              Contract liabilities include $399,000 for potential VivaGel® BV product discounts, that are dependent on product registrations in certain
              countries, and $729,000 for VIRALEZE™ product sales returns from LloydsPharmacy following the decision to temporarily pause commercial
              sales of VIRALEZE™ following the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) review of the product promotional
              claims. A corresponding right to the returned goods from LloydsPharmacy has been recognised in inventories, see note 10.

              Performance obligations
              Revenue is recognised when the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised good or service to a
              customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for the goods or services.
              Information about the company’s performance obligations are summarised below:

              (i) Licensing revenue and royalties
              Typically, a licence granted by the company provides the customer with the right to use, but not own, the company’s intellectual property as it
              exists at the point in time the licence is granted. The company may receive signature payments, milestone payments for specific development
              (such as clinical or regulatory) or commercial based outcomes, and/or sales-based royalties as consideration for the licence. The performance
              obligation(s) for a licence are usually satisfied upon, or soon after, the granting of the licence to the partner. Signature payments are normally
              fixed, where-as development and commercial milestones are variable consideration as they are dependent on the achievement of certain events
              in the future. The company’s estimate of variable consideration will only be recognised to the extent it is highly probable that a significant
              revenue reversal will not occur in future periods.

              Royalties based on sales of product are recognised when the customer's sales of product occur. Where consideration includes guaranteed
              minimum royalties, they are recognised when the licence is granted or when they are no longer subject to constraint.

              Milestones payments are generally due within 30 to 60 days from timing of the milestone event. Royalties are generally due 30 to 60 days after
              the end of the defined royalty reporting period.

              (ii) Product sales
              The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days from delivery. Some
              contracts provide customers with a right of return for product non-conformance, or discounts based on product shelf-life, which may give rise to
              variable consideration subject to constraint.

              (iii) Research revenue
              The performance obligation is satisfied over-time upon completion of outlined deliverables and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days of
              achievement of each deliverable.

              Other income
              Other income of $1,336,000 (2020: $559,000) includes grant funding awarded by the Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF) to expedite
              development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™ ($877,000), as well as the final payment from phase one of the Australian Government’s
              JobKeeper Payment scheme ($376,000). Despite remaining eligible to receive additional monies following the successful completion of the
              company’s capital raising, the group elected not to pursue additional monies under the JobKeeper Payment scheme which ended on 27
              September 2020. There are no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to any grants.


              6. Expenses
               Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                     30 June 2021                        30 June 2020
               includes the following items:                                                                        $’000                               $’000

               R&D tax incentive (contra expense)1                                                                  (7,248)                             (5,669)

               Employee benefits expenses (including share-based payments)                                          11,094                               10,275

               Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                           298                                 275

               Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                     636                                 636
              1
                  Included within the research and product development expense line item in the consolidated income statement.




               66       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                 66
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              7. Income Tax Expense

                                                                                                                30 June 2021                            30 June 2020
                                                                                                                       $’000                                   $’000

                (a) Income tax expense/(credit)

                Current Tax / Deferred Tax                                                                                   –                                           –




For personal use only
                Total income tax expense                                                                                     –                                           –

                Income tax attributable to continuing operations                                                             –                                           –


                (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

                Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                            (19,732)                                   (14,678)

                Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2020: 30%)                                                      (5,920)                                   (4,403)

                Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                         Eligible expenses claimed under R&D tax incentive                                              2,814                                      2,209
                         Share-based payments                                                                           1,133                                      1,081
                         Sundry items                                                                                     109                                       (287)

                Future income tax benefits not brought to account                                                       1,864                                      1,400

                Income tax expense                                                                                           –                                           –


                (c) Tax losses
                Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been
                recognised (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                     126,175                                  119,974

                Potential tax benefit                                                                                    37,852                                   35,992

                (d) Unrecognised temporary differences
                Temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset has been
                recognised (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                        5,722                                    3,439

                Unrecognised deferred tax relating to the temporary differences                                           1,717                                    1,032



                (e) Deferred tax liabilities

                Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities relating to the above temporary
                differences:
                Lease right-of-use assets                                                                                   333                                         457
                Property, plant and equipment                                                                               201                                              -
                Sundry items                                                                                                     4                                        5
                Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                              538                                         462

                Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                             (538)                                     (462)

                Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                     –                                        –



              Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been set-off as there is a legally recognised right to set-off current tax assets and liabilities,
              and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the relevant tax authority. Deferred tax assets are mainly attributable
              to unused tax losses. Potential future income tax benefits attributable to tax losses carried forward have not been brought to account at 30 June
              2021 because the directors do not presently believe that it is appropriate to regard realisation of the future income tax benefit as probable.
              Similarly, future benefits attributable to net temporary differences have not been brought to account as the directors do not regard the realisation
              of such benefits as probable.

              Realisation of the benefit of tax losses would be subject to the group satisfying the conditions for deductibility imposed by tax legislation and no
              subsequent changes in tax legislation adversely affecting the group. The group has made an assessment as to the satisfaction of deductibility
              conditions at 30 June 2021 which it believes will be satisfied.




                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021    67

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                            67
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              8. Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                                   30 June 2021                              30 June 2020
                                                                                                                          $’000                                     $’000

               Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                     3,201                                   4,070

               Term Deposits and deposits at call                                                                          57,299                                  25,984
                                                                                                                           60,500                                  30,054




For personal use only
              Cash at bank and on hand                                                               Deposits not available
              The cash is bearing floating interest rates based on current                           There is $1,159,000 (2020: $558,000) of term deposits not
              bank rates.                                                                            available for use due to funds being utilised as security for a bank
                                                                                                     guarantee on the company’s property lease, and for a finance
              Term deposits and deposits at call                                                     lease facility.
              The term deposits have maturities of 3 months or less. Funds in
              deposits at call allow the group to withdraw funds on demand.                          Interest rate risk
                                                                                                     Current receivables are non-interest bearing.



               30 June 2021                                   Floating           Fixed interest maturing    Non-interest
                                                              Interest                                          bearing
                                                                  rate
                                                                           1 year or less    1 to 5 years                           Total     Contractual
                                                 Notes            $’000            $’000            $’000         $’000             $’000      cash flows

               Financial Assets

               Cash & deposits                      8           51,214             6,373               –          2,913          60,500               N/A

               Receivables                          9                  –               –               –          8,534             8,534            8,534

                                                                51,214             6,373               –         11,447          69,034              8,534

               Weighted average interest rate                     0.7%             0.2%              –%             –%


               Financial Liabilities

               Payables                            12                  –               –               –          7,954             7,954            7,954
               Lease liabilities                   13                  –             692             475              –             1,167            1,167

                                                                       –             692             475          7,954             9,121            9,121


               Weighted average interest rate                       –%             4.3%            3.9%             –%

               30 June 2020                                   Floating           Fixed interest maturing    Non-interest
                                                              Interest                                          bearing
                                                                  rate
                                                                           1 year or less    1 to 5 years                           Total     Contractual
                                                 Notes            $’000            $’000            $’000         $’000             $’000      cash flows

               Financial Assets

               Cash & deposits                      8            4,571           21,655                –          3,828          30,054               N/A

               Receivables                          9                 –                –               –          6,128             6,128            6,128

                                                                 4,571           21,655                –          9,956          36,182              6,128

               Weighted average interest rate                     0.8%             0.7%              –%             –%


               Financial Liabilities

               Payables                            12                 –                –               –          4,472             4,472            4,472
               Lease liabilities                   13                 –              604             970              –             1,574            1,574

                                                                      –              604             970          4,472             6,046            6,046


               Weighted average interest rate                       –%             4.4%            4.4%             –%

               68       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                            68
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              9. Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables

                                                                                                           30 June 2021                              30 June 2020
                                                                                                                  $’000                                     $’000

               Trade and grant receivables                                                                         7,905                                       5,905

               Interest receivables                                                                                     2                                            10

               Prepayments                                                                                             95                                            41




For personal use only
               Other receivables                                                                                     532                                            172

                                                                                                                   8,534                                       6,128


              Trade and grant receivables
              Trade and grant receivables primarily comprise of $7,233,000 (2020: $5,670,000) of expenditure reimbursable under the Australian
              Government’s Research & Development tax incentive scheme, with the balance related to other government grants receivable, and customer
              receivables from VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® BV partners. Customer receivables are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 60 days.


              Other receivables
              Other receivables comprise sundry debtors and GST/VAT claimable and are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 90 days.


              Credit risk
              The group considers that there is no significant credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables. Grant receivables are with government
              bodies and trade receivables are from large companies.

              Impaired receivables
              As at 30 June 2021, there were no material trade and grant receivables that were past due (2020: nil). The group applies the accounting policy
              in note 1(k) to trade receivables. Under the expected credit loss model, no receivables are considered impaired at 30 June 2021 (2020: nil).


              10. Inventories

                                                                                                           30 June 2021                              30 June 2020
               Current Assets                                                                                     $’000                                     $’000

               Raw materials                                                                                         909                                            494

               Work in progress                                                                                        68                                             -

               Finished goods                                                                                        618                                              -
               Finished goods – right to recover products (see note 5)                                               126                                              -

                                                                                                                   1,721                                            494


              Assigning costs to inventories
              The costs of individual items of inventory are determined using the weighted average cost method. See note 1(l) for detail on the group’s
              accounting policy for inventories.

              Amounts recognised in profit or loss
              Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 30 June 2021 amounted to $791,000 (2020: $890,000). These were included in
              cost of goods sold.

              Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value amounted to $67,000 (2020: Nil). These were included in cost of goods sold.

              Finished goods
              Finished goods are products that are subject to a customer purchase order, have completed production, or are awaiting delivery to the
              customer. The group has recognised a right to recover products of $126,000 for VIRALEZE™ product held by LloydsPharmacy at 30 June
              2021.




                                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021     69

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                         69
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              11. Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment

                                                                                                     Leasehold
                                                                           Plant and Equipment    improvements     Total
                                                                                          $’000           $’000    $’000

               At 30 June 2019

               Cost




For personal use only
                                                                                         3,607             656     4,263

               Accumulated depreciation                                                 (2,728)           (485)   (3,213)

               Net book amount                                                             879             171     1,050



               Year ended 30 June 2020

               Opening net book amount                                                     879             171     1,050

               Adjustment for change in accounting policy                                  (22)               -      (22)

               Restated opening net book amount                                            856             171     1,028

               Additions                                                                   126                -      126

               Disposals                                                                    (1)               -       (1)

               Depreciation                                                               (225)            (50)    (275)

               Closing net book amount                                                     756             121       877



               At 30 June 2020

               Cost                                                                      3,620             656     4,276

               Accumulated depreciation                                                 (2,864)           (535)   (3,399)

               Net book amount                                                             756             121       877



               Year ended 30 June 2021

               Opening net book amount                                                     756             121       877

               Additions                                                                   792               3       795

               Disposals                                                                      -               -         -

               Depreciation                                                               (249)            (50)    (299)

               Closing net book amount                                                   1,299              74     1,373



               At 30 June 2021

               Cost                                                                      4,412             659     5,071

               Accumulated depreciation                                                 (3,113)           (585)   (3,698)

               Net book amount                                                           1,299              74     1,373




               70       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                           70
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

               12. Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables

                                                                                                            30 June 2021                              30 June 2020
                                                                                                                   $’000                                     $’000

               Trade payables and accruals                                                                           6,711                                      4,394

               Other payables                                                                                        1,243                                            78




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     7,954                                      4,472


               Trade payables and accruals
               The majority of trade payables are related to expenditure associated with the group’s research and product development programs, and the
               contract liability to LloydsPharmacy for VIRALEZE™ product sales returns (refer to note 5).

               13. Current and Non-Current Assets/Liabilities – Leases

               The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:
                                                                                                            30 June 2021                              30 June 2020
               Right-of-use assets                                                                                 $’000                                     $’000
               Premises                                                                                                915                                      1,525
               Plant and equipment                                                                                     195                                             -
                                                                                                                     1,110                                      1,525

               Lease liabilities
               Current                                                                                                 692                                           604
               Non-current                                                                                             475                                           970
                                                                                                                     1,167                                      1,574


               The group leases premises (laboratory and offices space) until 19 December 2022, with an extension option. Payments associated with the
               option period are not included in the initial measurement of lease assets and liabilities as the exercise of the relevant option is uncertain.

               The group also leases scientific equipment generally over a three to five year term.

               The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:
                                                                                                            30 June 2021                              30 June 2020
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                          $’000                                     $’000
               Premises                                                                                                610                                           610
               Plant and equipment                                                                                      26                                            26
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                              636                                           636

               Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                    57                                            79

               Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                                            7                                             8

               Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities                            70                                            68

               Total cash outflow for leases                                                                           685                                           664


               14. Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits
                                                                                                            30 June 2021                              30 June 2020
               Leave obligations                                                                                   $’000                                     $’000

               Current                                                                                               1,371                                      1,184

               Non-current                                                                                              34                                            85

                                                                                                                     1,405                                      1,269


               The leave obligations represent the group’s liability for employee long service leave and annual leave. The current portion of this liability
               includes all of the accrued annual leave, and the unconditional entitlements to long service leave where employees have completed the required
               period of service. However, based on past experience, the group does not expect all employees to take the full amount of current accrued leave
               or require payment of the entire amount within 12 months from the reporting date. Current leave obligations expected to be settled after the date
               which is 12 months from the reporting date is $1,015,000 (2020: $843,000).

               Refer to note 1(r) for further information.


                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021    71

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                         71
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              15. Contributed Equity
              (a) Share capital
                                                                                            2021                   2020               2021                 2020
                                                                                          Shares                 Shares               $’000                $’000

               Share Capital

               Ordinary shares – fully paid                                           406,078,026         372,562,687              240,630               193,661




For personal use only
              (b) Movements in ordinary share capital
               Date                  Details                                              Number of shares                 Issue Price                     $’000
               1 Jul 2020                                                                       372,562,687                                              193,661
               23 Sep 2020           Employee performance rights plan share issue                     188,281                       $–                             –
               30 Oct 2020           Employee performance rights plan share issue                     689,543                       $–                             –
               6 Oct 2020            Share placement                                                30,000,000                   $ 1.50                   45,000
               4 Nov 2020            Share purchase plan                                             2,574,701                   $ 1.50                    3,862
                                     Less transaction costs for share placement and
                                     share purchase plan                                                                                                  (1,931)
               27 Jan 2021           Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                24,814                    $ 1.53                        38
               9 Apr 2021            Employee performance rights plan share issue                      38,000                       $–                             –

                                     Balance at 30 June 2021                                    406,078,026                                              240,630



               Date                  Details                                              Number of shares                 Issue Price                     $’000
               1 Jul 2019                                                                       371,694,347                                              193,621
               29 Jul 2019           Employee performance rights plan share issue                      26,196                       $–                             –
               1 Oct 2019            Employee performance rights plan share issue                     233,730                       $–                             –
               17 Oct 2019           Employee performance rights plan share issue                      33,600                       $–                             –
               4 Dec 2019            Employee performance rights plan share issue                     495,895                       $–                             –
               24 Jan 2020           Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                32,920                    $1.22                         40
               24 Jan 2020           Employee performance rights plan share issue                      25,600                       $–                             –
               20 Mar 2020           Employee performance rights plan share issue                      20,399                       $–                             –

                                     Balance at 30 June 2020                                    372,562,687                                              193,661




              (c) Ordinary shares
              As at 30 June 2021 there were 406,078,026 issued ordinary                    (e) Employee Performance Rights Plan
              shares. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in                 Information relating to the Employee Performance Rights Plan,
              dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the company in                   including details of rights issued under the plan, is set out in note
              proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held.             26.
              On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present at a
              duly convened shareholder meeting in person or by proxy, is
              entitled to one vote, and upon a poll each share is entitled to one          (f) Capital risk management
              vote. Ordinary shares have no par value and the company does                 The group’s and the parent entity’s objectives when managing
              not have authorised capital. There is no current on-market share             capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going
              buy-back.                                                                    concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
                                                                                           shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. In order to
              (d) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)                                        maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group may adjust the
                                                                                           amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to
              Information relating to the Employee Share Plan, including details           shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets.
              of shares issued under the plan, is set out in note 26.




               72       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                    72
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              16. Reserves

              (a) Reserves
                                                                                                              30 June 2021                            30 June 2020
                                                                                                                     $’000                                   $’000

               Share-based payments reserve                                                                          24,077                                   20,340

                                                                                                                     24,077                                   20,340




For personal use only
              (b) Movement in reserves

                                                                                                              30 June 2021                            30 June 2020
               Share-based payments reserve                                                                          $’000                                   $’000

               Balance at 1 July                                                                                     20,340                                   16,775

               Performance right expense                                                                               3,737                                    3,565

               Balance at 30 June                                                                                    24,077                                   20,340



              (c) Nature and purpose of reserves
              The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the fair value of options and performance rights granted.



              17. Accumulated Losses
                                                                                                           30 June 2021                               30 June 2020
                                                                                                                  $’000                                      $’000

               Accumulated losses balance at 1 July                                                            (182,675)                                   (168,001)

               Application of AASB 16 Leases                                                                             -                                           4

               Net loss for the year                                                                            (19,732)                                    (14,678)

               Accumulated losses balance at 30 June                                                           (202,407)                                   (182,675)



              18. Related Party Transactions
              (a) Parent entity and subsidiaries
              The parent entity of the group is Starpharma Holdings Limited. Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 23.

              (b) Transactions with related parties
              There are related party transactions within the group between the parent and subsidiaries. Transactions include funds advanced to/from entities
              and the associated interest charge; and management and services fees. All transactions were made on an arm’s length basis.

              (c) Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                                           30 June 2021                               30 June 2020
                                                                                                                      $                                          $

               Short-term employee benefits                                                                    2,470,508                                   1,964,009

               Post-employment benefits                                                                          133,993                                     130,263

               Other long-term benefits                                                                           31,994                                      39,955

               Share-based payments                                                                            1,928,562                                   1,814,869

                                                                                                               4,565,057                                   3,949,096


              Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages 21 to 43.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   73

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                         73
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

               19. Remuneration of Auditors
               The company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s expertise and
               experience with the company and/or the consolidated group are important. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor
               (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit and non-audit services provided during the year are set out below. During the year the following fees were
               paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, its related practices and non-related audit firms:
                                                                                                                  30 June 2021                  30 June 2020
                                                                                                                              $                              $

               Statutory audit services




For personal use only
               Audit or review of financial reports of the entity or any entity in the
               consolidated entity

                        PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                          146,462                             146,462

               Total remuneration for statutory audit services                                                          146,462                             146,462
               No other non-audit services were performed in the current or prior year.


               20. Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date

               No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2021 that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect:
               (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years; or
               (b) the results of those operations in future financial years; or
               (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.


               21. Commitments
               (a) Capital Commitments
               There is no material capital expenditure contracted not recognised as liabilities at the reporting date (2020: nil).
               (b) Termination Commitments
               The service contracts of key management personnel include benefits payable by the group on termination of the employee’s contract. Refer to
               the remuneration report for details of these commitments.


               22. Contingencies
               Starpharma has licensed VivaGel® BV in the United States to ITF Pharma and is eligible to receive up to US$101M in regulatory approval and
               commercialisation milestones, plus royalties on net sales. Upon receipt of cash proceeds under the licence, Starpharma is required to pay a
               small proportion of its receipts to an investment bank which advised on the competitive licence process, up to a maximum of US$1.35M over the
               life of the licence (2020: US$1.35M).

               Starpharma engaged a number of service providers to develop and assist with the implementation of a full direct to market commercialisation
               plan for VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray. In order to preserve capital, Starpharma negotiated to defer a majority of the fee to a service provider
               until such time that the group begins recognising VIRALEZE™ sales and licensing proceeds. Pursuant to this arrangement, the maximum
               remaining amount payable by the group to the service provider is A$1.2M (30 June 2020: A$Nil), subject to VIRALEZE™ sales performance
               and licensing proceeds.

               The company has no contingent assets at 30 June 2021 (2020: nil).


               23. Subsidiaries
               The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance with the
               accounting policy described in note 1(b).

                                                                                                                                                  Equity Holding

                                                                      Country of                                                         2021                  2020
               Name of entity                                         Incorporation           Class of Shares                              %                     %

               Starpharma Pty Limited                                 Australia                   Ordinary                            100.00%               100.00%




               74  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               Starpharma  Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                   74
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              24. Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities
                                                                                                                 30 June 2021                      30 June 2020
                                                                                                                        $’000                             $’000

               Operating profit/(loss) after tax                                                                       (19,732)                          (14,678)

               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                935                                   911

               Foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                                 803                              (288)




For personal use only
               Non-cash employee benefits: share-based payments                                                           3,737                              3,605
               Net gain/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                         -                                  (1)
               Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and
               disposals of entities:

                        Decrease/(increase) in receivables and other assets                                             (2,369)                                    31

                        (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                              (1,227)                                   (95)

                        Increase/(decrease) increase in trade creditors                                                   2,934                              (445)

                        Increase in employee provisions                                                                     136                                   175

                        Increase/(decrease) in deferred income                                                              (25)                                    9

               Net cash outflows from operating activities                                                             (14,808)                          (10,776)




              25. Earnings Per Share

                                                                                                                30 June 2021                       30 June 2020

               Basic earnings/(loss) per share / Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
               Total earnings/(loss) per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
               company ($)                                                                                                (0.05)                            (0.04)



               Reconciliations of earnings/(loss) used in calculating earnings per share
               Profit/(loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share: ($’000)                                                    (19,732)                          (14,678)
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                        396,875,857                        372,231,992


              As at 30 June 2021 the company had on issue 17,472,497 (30 June 2020: 14,780,525) performance rights. The rights are not included in the
              determination of basic earnings per share. The rights are also not included in the determination of diluted earnings per share. They are not
              considered dilutive as their conversion would not increase loss per share from continuing operations.




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021     75

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                        75
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              26. Share-Based Payments

              Performance Rights

              (a) Employee Performance Rights Plan
              In 2010 the Board approved the introduction of the Employee Performance Rights Plan (Plan), which was subsequently approved by
              shareholders at the 2011, 2014, 2017 and 2020 annual general meetings. All executives and staff, including the Chief Executive
              Officer, are eligible to participate in the Plan. The Plan allows for the issue of performance rights (being rights to receive fully paid




For personal use only
              ordinary shares subject to continued employment with the company and the satisfaction of certain performance hurdles over a specified
              period). Performance rights are granted under the Plan for no consideration. The objective of the Plan is to assist in the recruitment,
              reward, retention and motivation of employees of the company.

              (b) Fair value of performance rights granted
              The weighted average assessed fair value at grant date of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2021 was $1.41
              per right (2020: $1.14). There were 4,281,654 performance rights granted in the current year (2020: 2,969,830).

              The estimated fair value at grant date of rights with a Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance measure have been valued using a
              hybrid Monte-Carlo-trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute TSR target, the term of the right, the share price at
              grant date, the risk free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant index, and the
              correlation between the share price and that index. All other rights incorporate Key Performance Indicator (KPI) measures, and the fair
              value at grant date of these rights represents a volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to the grant date.

              Set out below are summaries of performance rights:

               2021
                                                                      Balance      Granted      Converted            Forfeited          Balance
                                                  Vesting            at start of     during        during               during          at end of
               Grant Date                           Date              the year     the year      the year             the year          the year
                                                                       Number      Number          Number             Number            Number
                        11 Nov 2015         30 Jun 20171               251,625           –           6,000                   –          245,625

                        11 Nov 2015        30 Sep 20181             1,115,794            –          64,000                   –        1,051,794

                        19 Nov 2015         30 Jun 2017   1
                                                                       181,001           –                –                  –          181,001
                        19 Nov 2015        30 Sep 2018    1
                                                                       836,260           –                –                  –          836,260
                        13 Oct 2016         30 Jun 2018   1
                                                                       281,314           –           4,000                   –          277,314

                        13 Oct 2016        30 Sep 2019    1
                                                                    1,528,234            –         204,862                   –        1,323,372

                        29 Nov 2016         30 Jun 2018   1
                                                                       172,842           –                –                  –          172,842

                        29 Nov 2016        30 Sep 2019    1
                                                                       846,281           –                –                  –          846,281

                        10 Aug 2017         30 Jun 20191               434,260           –          24,280                   –          409,980

                        10 Aug 2017        30 Sep 20201             2,451,673            –         499,455            210,671         1,741,547

                        29 Nov 2017         30 Jun 20191               197,226           –                –                  –          197,226

                        29 Nov 2017        30 Sep 2020    1
                                                                       895,879           –                –           159,214           736,665

                        16 Aug 2018         30 Jun 2020   1
                                                                       170,356           –                –                  –          170,356

                        16 Aug 2018         30 Sep 2021                814,000           –                –                  –          814,000

                         2 Nov 2018         30 Jun 20201               210,827           –         113,227                   –            97,600

                         2 Nov 2018         30 Sep 2021                833,409           –                –            52,800           780,609

                        29 Nov 2018         30 Jun 20201               112,708           –                –                  –          112,708

                        29 Nov 2018         30 Sep 2021                539,921           –                –                  –          539,921

                        17 Oct 2019         30 Jun 2021   1
                                                                       448,344           –                –            69,310           379,034

                        17 Oct 2019         30 Sep 2022             1,787,575            –                –            86,400         1,701,175

                        21 Nov 2019         30 Jun 20211               134,199           –                –            32,879           101,320

                        21 Nov 2019         30 Sep 2022                536,797           –                –                  –          536,797

                        30 Oct 2020         30 Jun 20211                      –    567,083                –             5,624           561,459




               76       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021


                           Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                              76
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021


                        30 Oct 2020     30 Jun 2022                   –          548,270                 –            11,392              536,878

                        30 Oct 2020     30 Jun 2023                   –        2,193,080                 –            45,568            2,147,512

                        20 Nov 2020    30 Jun 20211                   –          176,755                 –                   –            176,755

                        20 Nov 2020     30 Jun 2022                   –          159,293                 –                   –            159,293

                        20 Nov 2020     30 Jun 2023                   –          637,173                 –                   –            637,173




For personal use only
                              Total                        14,780,525          4,281,654          915,824            673,858          17,472,497
              1
                  The balance of rights at end of the year have vested and remain available for employees to exercise into shares.


               2020
                                                              Balance            Granted        Converted           Forfeited            Balance
                                             Vesting         at start of           during          during              during            at end of
               Grant Date                      Date           the year           the year        the year            the year            the year
                                                              Number             Number            Number            Number               Number
                        11 Nov 2015    30 Jun 20171           299,325                   –           47,700                   –            251,625

                        11 Nov 2015    30 Sep 20181         1,364,555                   –         248,761                    –         1,115,794

                        19 Nov 2015    30 Jun 20171           181,001                   –                –                   –            181,001
                        19 Nov 2015    30 Sep 20181           836,260                   –                –                   –            836,260
                        13 Oct 2016    30 Jun 20181           351,084                   –           69,770                   –            281,314

                        13 Oct 2016    30 Sep 20191         1,990,600                   –         307,499            154,867           1,528,234

                        29 Nov 2016    30 Jun 20181           172,842                   –                –                   –            172,842

                        29 Nov 2016    30 Sep 2019   1
                                                              876,978                   –                –            30,697              846,281

                        10 Aug 2017    30 Jun 2019   1
                                                              595,950                   –         161,690                    –            434,260

                        10 Aug 2017    30 Sep 2020          2,546,080                   –                –            94,407           2,451,673

                        29 Nov 2017    30 Jun 20191           197,226                   –                –                   –            197,226

                        29 Nov 2017    30 Sep 2020            895,879                   –                –                   –            895,879

                        16 Aug 2018    30 Jun 20201           203,500                   –                –            33,144              170,356

                        16 Aug 2018    30 Sep 2021            814,000                   –                –                   –            814,000

                         2 Nov 2018    30 Jun 20201           236,747                   –                –            25,920              210,827

                         2 Nov 2018    30 Sep 2021            946,987                   –                –           113,578              833,409

                        29 Nov 2018    30 Jun 20201           134,980                   –                –            22,272              112,708

                        29 Nov 2018    30 Sep 2021            539,921                   –                –                   –            539,921

                        17 Oct 2019     30 Jun 2021                   –          459,767                 –            11,423              448,344

                        17 Oct 2019    30 Sep 2022                    –        1,839,067                 –            51,492            1,787,575

                        21 Nov 2019     30 Jun 2021                   –          134,199                 –                   –            134,199

                        21 Nov 2019    30 Sep 2022                    –          536,797                 –                   –            536,797

                              Total                        13,183,915          2,969,830          835,420            537,800          14,780,525
              1
                  The balance of rights at end of the year have vested and remain available for employees to exercise into shares.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   77

                          Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                  77
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              26. Share-Based Payments (continued)

              Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2021 is as follows:


               Right grant date                                              30 October 2020      30 October 2020      30 October 2020        30 October 2020
               Number of rights granted                                              567,083              548,270            2,048,142                144,938
               Vesting date                                                     30 June 2021         30 June 2022    30 September 2023      30 September 2023




For personal use only
               Performance Measure                                                      KPIs                KPIs                  KPIs                   TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's
               shares                                                                   60%                  60%                  60%                    60%
               Risk-free interest rate                                                0.04%                0.04%                0.10%                  0.10%
               Expected dividend yield                                                     –                   –                        –                   –
               Share price at grant date                                               $1.47                $1.47                $1.47                  $1.47
               Assessed fair value                                                     $1.47                $1.47                $1.47                  $1.20



               Right grant date                                            20 November 2020     20 November 2020     20 November 2020       20 November 2020
               Number of rights granted                                              176,755              159,293              446,021                191,152
               Vesting date                                                     30 June 2021         30 June 2022    30 September 2023      30 September 2023
               Performance Measure                                                      KPIs                KPIs                  KPIs                   TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's
               shares                                                                   60%                  60%                  60%                    60%
               Risk-free interest rate                                                0.04%                0.04%                0.10%                  0.10%
               Expected dividend yield                                                     –                   –                        –                   –
               Share price at grant date                                               $1.32                $1.32                $1.32                  $1.32
               Assessed fair value                                                     $1.32                $1.32                $1.32                  $0.96


              Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2020 is as follows:

               Right grant date                                              17 October 2019     17 October 2019      17 October 2019
               Number of rights granted                                             459,767            1,716,967              122,100
               Vesting date                                                     30 June 2021   30 September 2022    30 September 2022
               Performance Measure                                                     KPIs                KPIs                   TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's
               shares                                                                   50%                 50%                   50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                                0.61%               0.75%                 0.75%
               Expected dividend yield                                                    –                   –                     –
               Share price at grant date                                               $1.15               $1.15                 $1.15
               Assessed fair value                                                     $1.15               $1.15                 $0.71



               Right grant date                                            21 November 2019    21 November 2019     21 November 2019
               Number of rights granted                                             134,199              375,758              161,039
               Vesting date                                                    30 June 2021    30 September 2022    30 September 2022
               Performance Measure                                                     KPIs                 KPIs                 TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's
               shares                                                                  50%                  50%                  50%
               Risk-free interest rate                                                0.57%               0.70%                0.70%
               Expected dividend yield                                                    –                    –                    –
               Share price at grant date                                              $1.29                $1.29                $1.29
               Assessed fair value                                                    $1.29                $1.29                $0.85

              Share price volatility and the risk-free interest rate are obtained through an independent valuation.




               78       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

                           Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                              78
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              Shares
              (a) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)
              All staff are eligible to participate in the Starpharma Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan). The objective of the $1,000 Plan is to assist in
              the reward, retention and motivation of employees of the group. An annual allocation of up to $1,000 of shares may be granted and
              taxed on a concessional basis. Shares are granted under the $1,000 Plan for no consideration and are escrowed for 3 years whilst
              participants are employed by the group.

              (b) Fair value of shares granted
              The weighted average fair value at grant date of shares granted under the $1,000 Plan during the year ended 30 June 2021 was $1.53




For personal use only
              (2020: $1.22 per share). The fair value at grant date is determined by the share price on the date of grant. These shares were granted
              for no consideration. There was no allocation of shares under the plan to key management personnel.

              Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2021 is as follows:

               Share grant date                                                                                                          27 January 2021
               Number of shares granted                                                                                                              24,814
               Share price at grant date                                                                                                              $1.53
               Assessed fair value                                                                                                                    $1.53



              Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2020 is as follows:

               Share grant date                                                                                                          24 January 2020
               Number of shares granted                                                                                                              32,920
               Share price at grant date                                                                                                              $1.22
               Assessed fair value                                                                                                                    $1.22



              Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
              Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the period were as follows:

                                                                                                      30 June 2021                           30 June 2020
                                                                                                             $’000                                  $’000

               Employee shares issued                                                                            38                                       40

               Employee performance rights                                                                    3,737                                   3,565

                                                                                                              3,775                                   3,605




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   79

                        Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                    79
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2021

              27. Parent Entity Financial Information

              (a) Summary financial information
              The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                                      Parent Entity

                                                                                                       30 June 2021   30 June 2020




For personal use only
                                                                                                              $'000          $'000
                 Balance Sheet
                 Current assets                                                                              56,244         25,514
                 Total assets                                                                                56,244         25,514
                 Current liabilities                                                                            797            691
                 Total liabilities                                                                              797            691
                 Shareholders’ equity
                 Contributed equity                                                                         240,630        193,661
                 Reserves                                                                                    23,568         19,433
                 Accumulated losses                                                                       (208,751)      (188,270)
                 Loss for the year                                                                         (20,481)        (15,651)
                 Total comprehensive income                                                                (20,481)        (15,651)


              (b) Contingencies of the parent entity
              The parent entity has no contingent assets or liabilities at 30 June 2021 (2020: nil).




               80       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

                           Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                        80
              Directors’ Declaration for the year ended 30 June 2021




              In the directors’ opinion:

              (a) the financial statements and notes set out on pages 53 to 80 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                    (i) complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements; and




For personal use only
                    (ii) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its performance for the financial year
                         ended on that date; and

              (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.

              Note 1(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
              Accounting Standards Board.

              The directors have been given the declarations by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer required by section 295A of the Corporations
              Act 2001.

              This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




              Robert B Thomas AO
              Chairman
              Melbourne, 26 August 2021




                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   81

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                           81
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 1]




              Independent
              Independent auditor’s
                          auditor’s report
                                    report




For personal use only
              To the members of Starpharma Holdings Limited
              To the members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              Report
                 Key on
              Report audithe audit
                             audit of
                          matter
                      on the       of the
                                       the financial
                                            financial report
                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                                                      report
                          Research and development tax incentive (Refer
              Our
              Ouropinion
                  to note 3 critical accounting estimates)
                  opinion
              In our opinion:                                                         We tested management’s estimate of the R&D Tax
               In ourStarpharma’s
                       opinion: research and development (R&D)
              The activities
                   accompanying        financial
                                are eligible for a report    of tax offset
                                                    refundable   Starpharma           Incentive
                                                                               Holdings
                                                                           under an      Limitedreceivable
                                                                                                    (the to   assess the
                                                                                                         Company)      andamount   accrued as at
                                                                                                                             its controlled
               The accompanying financial report of Starpharma Holdings                   Limited    (the Company)      and its controlled
              entities  (together the
                     Australian           Group)
                                 Government      taxis in  accordance
                                                      incentive.               the 30
                                                                          with has
                                                                  Management             June 2017.Act
                                                                                    Corporations     As part of our
                                                                                                         2001,      procedures
                                                                                                                including:        we:
               entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                     assessed these activities and expenditure to determine
                 (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position             as at 30 June
                                                                                               Compared          2021 and     of itsin the
                  (a)their
                       giving a   trueunder
                           eligibility  and the
                                              fair view   of the
                                                   incentive       Group's
                                                              scheme.       financial position
                                                                       The R&D                   as at 30 the
                                                                                                           Junestimate   recorded
                                                                                                                  2021 and     of its
                      financial performance for the year then ended                            financial statements as at 30 June 2016 to the
                       financial
                     Tax           performance
                          Incentive receivable        for theforyear
                                                  recorded           thenended
                                                                 the year  ended30
                 (b) June
                      complying
                           2017 waswith$3.5Australian
                                            million.      Accounting Standards and the amount           of cash received
                                                                                              Corporations                after 2001.
                                                                                                                Regulations     lodgement of the
                  (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the R&D               Corporations      Regulations
                                                                                                     Tax Incentive               2001.
                                                                                                                    claim to assess   historical
              WhatThis
                     weis a
                         have      audited
                             key audit   matter due to the fact that the                  accuracy of the estimate.
              What we have audited
                   amount   accrued   in the  financial
              The Group financial report comprises:     statements  is material
              The Group    financial
                   and there            report
                              is a degree        comprises:
                                            of judgement   and interpretation of         Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
              ●     the
                   the  consolidated
                       R&D   tax           balance
                                  legislation        sheet
                                               required  by  as at 30 June
                                                            management   to  2021         included in the current year estimate to the
              ●      the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2021
              ●     the consolidated
                   assess the              statement
                               eligibility of the R&D of    comprehensive
                                                        expenditure                       prior
                                                                     under theincome for the    year
                                                                                             year      estimate.
                                                                                                    then   ended
              ●      the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
              ●    scheme.
                    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
              ●      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year           then the
                                                                                          Assessed  ended nature of the expenses against the
              ●     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
              ●      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended     eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
              ●     the consolidated income statement for the year then endedprogramme.
              ●      the consolidated income statement for the year then ended
              ●     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
              ●      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which         include
                                                                                          Agreed thesignificant    accounting
                                                                                                        eligible expenditure    policies
                                                                                                                             in the estimate
                    and other explanatory information
                     and other explanatory information                                    to the general ledger.
              ●     the directors’ declaration.
              ●      the directors’ declaration.
                                                                                                  Obtained copies of correspondence with the
              Basis
              Basisfor
                    foropinion
                       opinion                                                                     ATO related to the claim and agreed the
                                                                                                   assessment to management’s estimate.
              We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
              those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
               those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities
                                                                              Obtainedfor the audit of the
                                                                                          copies of          financial
                                                                                                    correspondence with the
              report section of our report.
               report section of our report.                                   company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                                                                                                   the advice to the current calculation and the
              We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
               We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient2016
                                                                                 and lodgement.
                                                                                     appropriate to provide a basis for
              our opinion.
               our opinion.
                                                                                                  Assessed the classification of the amount in the
              Independence                                                         financial statements.
               Independence
              We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
               We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
              Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical
               Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical
              Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
               Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
              Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
               Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
              fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
               fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                 PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                  PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                 2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                  2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                 T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au                                                             Page 82 of 88
                  T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au
              Starpharma
               Liability    Holdings
                         limited by a Limited
                                      scheme Annual Report
                                              approved     2021
                                                       under Professional Standards Legislation.                                                      82
                Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


               82       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 2]




               Our audit approach




For personal use only
               An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
               material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                    Key audit
               individually     matter
                            or in                                       How our
                                  aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to audit addressed
                                                                                  influence        the key audit
                                                                                            the economic         matter
                                                                                                         decisions of
               usersResearch
                     taken on and
                               the basis of the financial report.
                                    development tax incentive (Refer
                        to note 3 critical accounting estimates)
               We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
               opinion  on the financial
                    Starpharma’s    researchreport    as a whole,
                                              and development       taking into account
                                                                 (R&D)                   themanagement’s
                                                                                  We tested  geographic and     management
                                                                                                           estimate  of the R&D Tax
               structure  of the  Group,    its accounting    processes   and  controls and the industry   in which   it operates.
                    activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under an Incentive receivable to assess the amount   accrued as at
                        Australian Government tax incentive. Management has           30 June 2017. As part of our procedures we:
                        assessed these activities and expenditure to determine
                        their eligibility under the incentive scheme. The R&D                 Compared the estimate recorded in the
                        Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30                financial statements as at 30 June 2016 to the
                        June 2017 was $3.5 million.                                            amount of cash received after lodgement of the
                                                                                               R&D Tax Incentive claim to assess historical
                        This is a key audit matter due to the fact that the                    accuracy of the estimate.
                        amount accrued in the financial statements is material
                        and there is a degree of judgement and interpretation of              Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                        the R&D tax legislation required by management to                      included in the current year estimate to the
                        assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the                prior year estimate.
                        scheme.
                                                                                              Assessed the nature of the expenses against the
                                                                                               eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                                         Materiality                                           programme.Audit scope

                  ●     For the purpose of our audit we used overall              ●    Our audit
                                                                                              Agreed   the on
                                                                                                  focused  eligible expenditure
                                                                                                               where the   Groupinmade
                                                                                                                                    the estimate
                        Group materiality of $984,000, which represents                subjective judgements;
                                                                                              to the             for example, significant
                                                                                                     general ledger.
                        approximately 5% of the Group’s loss before                    accounting estimates involving assumptions and
                        income tax.                                                    inherently
                                                                                                  uncertain
                                                                                              Obtained        future
                                                                                                         copies  of events.
                                                                                                                    correspondence with the
                  ●     We applied this threshold, together with                  ●           ATO   related to the  claim
                                                                                       All audit procedures are performed and agreed
                                                                                                                               by PwCthe
                        qualitative considerations, to determine the scope                    assessment   to  management’s
                                                                                       Australia, consistent with the location estimate.
                                                                                                                                  of Group
                        of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of              management and financial records.
                        our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of                   Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                        misstatements on the annual financial report as a         ●    We tailored the scope of our audit taking into
                                                                                              company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                        whole.                                                         account the accounting processes and controls,
                                                                                       and thethe  advicein
                                                                                               industry   towhich
                                                                                                             the current  calculation
                                                                                                                     the Group        and the
                                                                                                                                operates.
                  ●     We chose Group loss before income tax because,                        2016 lodgement.
                        in our view, it is the benchmark against which the
                        performance of the Group is most commonly                             Assessed the classification of the amount in the
                        measured.                                                              financial statements.
                  ●     We utilised a 5% threshold based on our
                        professional judgement, noting it is within the
                        range of commonly acceptable thresholds.




                                                                                                                                 Page 82 of 88
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                           83



                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   83
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 3]




For personal use only
               Key audit matters
               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                    Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter
               our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the
               context of our audit
                    Research     and of the   financial
                                        development    taxreport as a (Refer
                                                           incentive  whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
               not to
                   provide
                       note 3a critical
                               separate    opinion on
                                        accounting      these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
                                                   estimates)
               particular audit procedure is made in that context.
                      Starpharma’s research and development (R&D)                        We tested management’s estimate of the R&D Tax
                 Key audit     matter
                      activities are                                               How our
                                       eligible for a refundable tax offset under an           audit
                                                                                         Incentive      addressed
                                                                                                     receivable          the the
                                                                                                                  to assess   keyamount
                                                                                                                                   auditaccrued
                                                                                                                                            matteras at
                      Australian Government tax incentive. Management has                30 June 2017. As part of our procedures we:
                 Research
                      assessed and
                                 theseDevelopment         Tax Incentive
                                         activities and expenditure    to determine
                 (Refer  to  note 3  critical  accounting
                      their eligibility under the incentive  estimates
                                                                scheme.andThe R&D                  Compared the estimate recorded in the
                 judgements,    note    6 expenses    and  note  9 current
                      Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30      We  have  performed     the following
                                                                                                    financial               procedures
                                                                                                               statements as at    30 June to 2016
                                                                                                                                              assessto the
                 assets  - trade  and    other  receivables)
                      June 2017 was $3.5 million.                                  the Group’s   estimate
                                                                                                    amount  ofofthe
                                                                                                                 cashR&D   Tax
                                                                                                                        received Incentive
                                                                                                                                  after lodgement     of the
                                                                                   receivable as atR&D30 June    2021: claim to assess historical
                                                                                                          Tax Incentive
                 The Group’s
                      This is a research
                                key audit and     development
                                             matter               (R&D)
                                                      due to the fact that the                      accuracy of the estimate.
                 activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset               ● compared the estimate recorded in the financial
                      amount accrued in the financial statements is material
                 under an Australian Government Tax Incentive. The                      statements as at 30 June 2020 to the amount of
                      and   there is a degree                                                      Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                 Group   has  assessed     theseofactivities
                                                   judgement andand  interpretation of cash received
                                                                  related                                after lodgement of the R&D Tax
                      the  R&D   tax  legislation  required   by management    to       Incentive   included
                                                                                                    claim  to in   the current
                                                                                                               assess            year
                                                                                                                        historical    estimateoftothe
                                                                                                                                   accuracy         the
                 expenditure to determine their eligibility under the
                      assess the
                 incentive         eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the estimate prior year estimate.
                             scheme.
                      scheme.
                                                                                   ● compared       the nature
                                                                                                    Assessed    theofnature
                                                                                                                      the underlying     R&D against the
                                                                                                                             of the expenses
                 The R&D Tax Incentive receivable recorded as at 30                     expenditure included in the current year estimate
                 June 2021 was $7.23 million and $7.23 million was                                  eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                                                                                        to the prior year estimate
                 recognised as contra R&D expense in the income                                     programme.
                 statement for the period ended 30 June 2021.                      ● assessed the nature of the expenses against the
                                                                                        eligibility
                                                                                                   criteria
                                                                                                    Agreed theof the  R&Dexpenditure
                                                                                                                  eligible  Tax Incentive in the estimate
                 This is a key audit matter due to:                                     programme
                                                                                                    to the general ledger.
                                                                                   ● assessed the treatment of the JobKeeper receipts
                 ● the significance of the amount receivable as at                      within the eligible
                                                                                                    ObtainedR&D       expenditure
                                                                                                                copies of            calculation
                                                                                                                           correspondence      with the
                      30 June 2021; and
                                                                                   ● agreed the eligible expenditure in the estimatethe
                                                                                                    ATO   related   to the claim  and  agreed    to
                 ● the degree of judgement and interpretation of                        the general assessment     to management’s
                                                                                                      ledger or other     underlying estimate.
                                                                                                                                        accounting
                      the R&D tax legislation required by the Group                     records
                      to assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure                             Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                      under the scheme.                                            ● obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                                    company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                                                                                        company’s external tax advisor and agreed the
                                                                                                    the R&D
                                                                                        advice to the   adviceTaxto the  currentcalculation
                                                                                                                     Incentive    calculationfor
                                                                                                                                               andthethe
                                                                                                    2016 year
                                                                                        current financial lodgement.

                                                                                   ●     evaluated
                                                                                                  the reasonableness
                                                                                                   Assessed              of the of
                                                                                                             the classification disclosure
                                                                                                                                   the amount in the
                                                                                         against the requirements of Australian Accounting
                                                                                                   financial statements.
                                                                                         Standards.




                                                                                                                                         Page 82 of 88
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                   84



               84       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021
               Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

               [Page 4]




                Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter




For personal use only
                Revenue recognition under AASB 15
                     Key audit
                Revenue    frommatter
                                   Contracts with Customers                How our
                                                                     We have         audit
                                                                             performed      addressed the
                                                                                        the following        key to
                                                                                                      procedures audit  matter
                                                                                                                     assess
                (Refer to note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and the Group’s revenue recognition for the period ended
                     Research and development tax incentive (Refer
                note 5 revenue and other income)                     30 June 2021:
                     to note 3 critical accounting estimates)

                The Group recognises licensing, product sales,                ● obtained an understanding of the Group’s
                     Starpharma’s     research  andfrom
                                                     development   (R&D)             We  tested management’s
                                                                                   contractual   arrangements withestimate of  the R&D Tax
                                                                                                                        commercial
                royalty and research     revenues         arrangements
                with activities
                     commercial  are eligible
                                    partners.                                        Incentivefocusing
                                              for a refundable tax offset under an partners,    receivable
                                                                                                        on to
                                                                                                            theassess the  amount
                                                                                                                 identification  of accrued as at
                     Australian Government tax incentive. Management has performance 30 June 2017.obligations,   license
                                                                                                     As part of our       arrangements
                                                                                                                      procedures   we:
                     assessed
                The Group    hasthese  activities
                                  recognised      and million
                                                $1.80  expenditure
                                                               of to  determine and the associated recognition of fixed and
                                                                  revenue
                fromtheir
                      contracts   withunder
                                        customers                                  variable
                                                                                            consideration,
                                                                                               Compared    theroyalty  income,
                                                                                                                estimate         product
                                                                                                                          recorded  in the
                           eligibility         the for   the period
                                                   incentive scheme.ended
                                                                      The R&D
                30 June   2021.                                                    sales and product   sales
                                                                                               financial      returnsas at 30 June 2016 to the
                                                                                                         statements
                     Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30
                     June 2017 was $3.5 million.                              ● tested a selection
                                                                                               amountof of cash  receivedtoafter
                                                                                                          transactions       the lodgement
                                                                                                                                 underlyingof the
                This is a key audit matter due to the nature of the                supportingR&D Tax
                                                                                                 documentation
                                                                                                         Incentive claim to assess historical
                Group’s  contractual arrangements and complexity of
                     This is a key audit matter due to the fact that the                       accuracy of the estimate.
                applying the accounting standard to those                     ● evaluated the reasonableness of the disclosure
                     amount accrued in the financial statements is material against the requirements of Australian Accounting
                contractual arrangements.
                     and there is a degree of judgement and interpretation of Standards       Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                     the R&D tax legislation required by management to                         included in the current year estimate to the
                     assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the                   prior year estimate.
                        scheme.
                                                                                             Assessed the nature of the expenses against the
              Other information                                                               eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                                                                                              programme.
              The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
              information included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June  2021, but does not include the
                                                                               Agreed the eligible expenditure in the estimate
              financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.               to the general ledger.

              Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other 
                                                                           information
                                                                               Obtained and  accordingly
                                                                                        copies of          we do not
                                                                                                  correspondence  with the
              express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.                ATO related to the claim and agreed the
                                                                                              assessment to management’s estimate.
              In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
              and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially  inconsistent
                                                                                Obtained copies  of with   the financial
                                                                                                   correspondence    with the
              report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to    be external
                                                                                company’s  materially  misstated.
                                                                                                    tax specialist and agreed
                                                                                              the advice to the current calculation and the
              If, based on the work we have performed on the other information      that we
                                                                                  2016      obtained prior to the date of
                                                                                       lodgement.
              this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
              are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in thisAssessed
                                                                                  regard. the classification of the amount in the
                                                                                              financial statements.
              Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
              The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
              true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
              and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
              financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to
              fraud or error.




                                                                                                                                 Page 82 of 88
               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                           85



                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   85
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 5]




               In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to




For personal use only
               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
               going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
               operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                          Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

               Auditor’s responsibilities
                  Research and developmentfortax
                                               the audit of
                                                 incentive    the financial report
                                                           (Refer
                          to note 3 critical accounting estimates)
               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
               from Starpharma’s
                      material misstatement,         whether due to fraud or error,
                                      research and development (R&D)
                                                                                        and tomanagement’s
                                                                                    We tested   issue an auditor’s    report
                                                                                                               estimate  of the that
                                                                                                                                R&D Tax
               includes   our  opinion.     Reasonable     assurance   is a high level of assurance,   but  is not a guarantee      that an
                     activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under an Incentive receivable to assess the amount accrued as at
               auditAustralian
                      conducted      in accordance     with  the  Australian
                                 Government tax incentive. Management has     Auditing   Standards   will always    detect  a material
                                                                                    30 June 2017. As part of our procedures we:
               misstatement      when
                     assessed hese       it exists.
                                       activities andMisstatements     can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                                                      expenditure to determine
               if, individually   or in
                     their eligibility   the aggregate,
                                       under   the incentivethey  could
                                                             scheme. Thereasonably
                                                                          R&D        be expected  to the
                                                                                             Compared  influence   therecorded
                                                                                                             estimate  economic   in the
               decisions   of users    taken   on  the basis  of the financial
                     Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30    report.      financial statements  as at 30  June  2016 to the
                          June 2017 was $3.5 million.                                        amount of cash received after lodgement of the
               A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the R&D
                                                                                    financial
                                                                                           Tax report
                                                                                               Incentiveis claim
                                                                                                           located
                                                                                                                 to at thehistorical
                                                                                                                   assess  Auditing and
               Assurance   Standards
                    This is a key        Boarddue
                                  audit matter   website
                                                    to the at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf.
                                                           fact that the              accuracy of the estimate.
               This amount
                    description    forms
                             accrued       part of
                                      in the       ourstatements
                                             financial  auditor'sisreport.
                                                                      material
                          and there is a degree of judgement and interpretation of          Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
               Report   ontaxthe
                  the R&D          remuneration
                              legislation                 report
                                          required by management to                          included in the current year estimate to the
                          assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the            prior year estimate.
               Our scheme.
                   opinion on the remuneration report
                                                                                            Assessed the nature of the expenses against the
               We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 21 to 43  of the
                                                                             eligibility    directors’
                                                                                         criteria        report
                                                                                                  of the R&D Taxfor the
                                                                                                                  Incentive
               year ended 30 June 2021.                                      programme.

                                                                         
               In our opinion, the remuneration report of Starpharma HoldingsAgreed
                                                                              Limitedthe for
                                                                                         eligible expenditure
                                                                                             the year  endedin30
                                                                                                               the estimate
                                                                                                                 June
               2021 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. to the general ledger.

                                                                                        
                                                                              Obtained copies of correspondence with the
               Responsibilities                                               ATO related to the claim and agreed the
                                                                              assessment
               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation          to management’s
                                                                                and presentation     of the estimate.
               remuneration report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility
                                                                            our
               is to express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on   Obtained copies of correspondence
                                                                                 audit conducted    in accordance  with the
                                                                                                                     with
                                                                               company’s external tax specialist and agreed
               Australian Auditing Standards.
                                                                                             the advice to the current calculation and the
                                                                                             2016 lodgement.

                                                                                            Assessed the classification of the amount in the
                                                                                             financial statements.
               PricewaterhouseCoopers




                    Brad Peake                                                                                              Melbourne
                    Partner                                                                                             26 August 2021




                                                                                                                              Page 82 of 88
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                     86



               86       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020
              Shareholder Information

              The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 10 August 2021.

              Supplementary information as required by ASX listing requirements.


              A. Distribution of Equity Shareholders
              Analysis of numbers of equity security holders by size of holding




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               Class of equity security

                                                                                                               Shares               Performance rights

               1 –1,000                                                                                          2,761                                      –
               1,001–5,000                                                                                       3,303                                      –
               5,001–10,000                                                                                      1,356                                      –
               10,001–100,000                                                                                    1,821                                   22
               100,001 and over                                                                                    268                                   23

               Total                                                                                             9,509                                   45


              There were 970 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.




              B. Equity Security Holders
              The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:
                                                                                                                                      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                            Percentage
                        Name                                                                          Number held                     of issued shares

              1.        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                      125,584,383                                  30.93
              2.        JP Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                         49,079,638                                 12.09
              3.        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                    23,997,000                                  5.91
              4.        National Nominees Limited                                                        11,486,806                                  2.83
              5.        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                    9,955,488                                  2.45
              6.        T & N Argyrides Investments P/L <T & N Argyrides Pension A/C>                     4,970,000                                  1.22
              7.        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd ACF Clearstream                                      4,408,891                                  1.09
              8.        Mirrabooka Investments Limited                                                    4,067,044                                  1.00
              9.        Applecross Secretarial Services Pty Ltd <L Gorr Family A/C>                       3,361,550                                  0.83
              10.       Ms Jacinth Fairley                                                                3,252,386                                  0.80
              11.       Mr Kingsley Bryan Bartholomew                                                     3,054,025                                  0.75
              12.       Mr Peter Murray Jackson                                                           3,020,000                                  0.74
              13.       BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>                             2,950,611                                  0.73
              14.       BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <IN AU Noms Retail Client>                           2,766,480                                  0.68
                           DRP A         L di DRP A/C
              15.       HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited - A/C 2                                 2,484,209                                  0.61
              16.       Dollar Coin Investments Pty Ltd <Cousins Discretionary A/C>                       1,990,030                                  0.49
              17.       Peppertree Custodian Services Pty Ltd <Mulcahy Superannuation>                    1,669,950                                  0.41
                            A/C M ill L       h (A t li ) N i        Pt Li it d
              18.       Merrill Lynch (Australia) Nominees Pty Limited                                    1,540,474                                  0.38
              19.       Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation                      1,448,798                                  0.36
              20.       Mr David Michael Hosey + Mrs Andrea Jane Hosey                                    1,429,422                                  0.35
                                                                                                       262,517,185                                  64.65




                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   87

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                             87
              Shareholder Information


                                                                                                                Unquoted equity securities over ordinary shares

               Name                                                                                              Number on issue               Number of holders
               Employee Performance Rights                                                                              17,472,497                              45




For personal use only
              C. Substantial Holders
              Substantial shareholders with a shareholding greater than 5% as shown in substantial shareholder notices received by the company as at 10
              August 2021:


                                                                                                                                                  Ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                                    Percentage of
               Name                                                                                                  Number held                     issue shares
              Allan Gray Australia Pty Ltd                                                                              43,597,242                           10.82

              Allianz SE                                                                                                36,910,063                             9.09

              FIL Limited                                                                                               33,514,716                             8.32

              M&G Plc                                                                                                   31,889,780                             7.85

              UIL Limited                                                                                               19,046,000                             5.12




              D. Voting Rights
              The voting rights attached to each class of equity securities are set out below:
              (a) Ordinary shares                      On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and on a poll
                                                       each share shall have one vote.
              (b) Performance Rights                   No voting rights.




               88       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                    88
              Intellectual Property Report


              The Starpharma patent portfolio currently has around 20 active patent families with over 200 granted patents and more than 70 patent
              applications pending.


              Key patents within the Starpharma portfolio as at 31 July 2021:
                                                      Priority Date &
                               Title                   Publication                   Patents Granted                       Applications Pending




For personal use only
                                                         Number
                 VivaGel® Patent Portfolio
                 Agents for the Prevention &          30 March 2001        Australia, Brazil, Canada, China,
                 Treatment of Sexually                WO02/079299            Europe, Hong Kong, Japan,
                 Transmitted Diseases                                           Mexico, New Zealand,
                                                                            Singapore, South Korea, USA

                 Microbicidal Dendrimer              18 October 2005         Australia, Canada, Europe,
                 Composition Delivery System         WO2007/045009            Hong Kong, India, Japan,
                 (Condom related)                                          Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand,
                                                                             Russian Federation, South
                                                                                Korea, Taiwan, USA
                 Method of Treatment or               16 May 2011             Australia, Canada, China,               Brazil, China, Hong Kong, India
                 Prophylaxis of Bacterial            WO2012/000891           Europe, Hong Kong, Israel,
                 Vaginosis                                                  Japan, Mexico, Russia, South
                                                                                     Korea, USA

                 Method of Treatment or             13 September 2012           Canada, China, Europe, Hong                   China, India, USA
                 Prophylaxis of Infection of the     WO2014/043576                  Kong, Japan, USA
                 Eye
                 Drug Delivery Patent Portfolio (includes DEP® Patents)
                 Macromolecules Compounds            25 October 2005        Australia, Canada, Europe, USA
                 having Controlled Stoichiometry     WO2007/048190

                 Modified Macromolecules             20 January 2006        Australia, Canada, China, Hong                          Europe
                                                     WO2007/082431             Kong, India, Japan, USA

                 Targeted Polylysine Dendrimer       11 August 2006              China, Europe, India, USA
                 Therapeutic Agent                   WO2008/017125

                 Macromolecules                       6 June 2011                 Australia, Canada, China,               Brazil, China, India, USA
                 (Drug linkers)                      WO2012/167309               Europe, Hong Kong, Japan,
                                                                                     South Korea, USA
                 Dendrimer Drug Conjugates            6 June 2014                      Europe, USA                                   India,
                 (DEP-Insulin/GLP1)                  WO 2015/184510

                 Therapeutic Dendrimer                19 July 2018                                              Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe,
                 (DEP-Cabazitaxel)                   WO2020/014750                                             India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico,
                                                                                                                  Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa,
                                                                                                                             South Korea, USA
                 Dendrimer for Therapy and          29 November 2018                                            Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe,
                 Imaging                             WO2020/107078                                              India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Malaysia,
                 (DEP-radiotheranostic)                                                                          Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South
                                                                                                                         Africa, South Korea, USA
                 Therapeutic Dendrimer              20 November 2018                                             Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China,
                 (DEP-Irinotecan)                    WO2020/102852                                               Europe, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan,
                                                                                                               Malaysia, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Singapore,
                                                                                                                  South Africa, South Korea, UAE, USA
                 Therapeutic Dendrimer              26 September 2019                                            International Patent Cooperation Treaty
                 (DEP-GEM)                           WO2021/056077                                                            (PCT) application

                 Targeted Dendrimer Conjugates       28 August 2019                                              International Patent Cooperation Treaty
                 (DEP-targeted)                      WO2021/035310                                                          (PCT) application


              Starpharma actively protects its trademark rights with filings and registrations in key markets. The primary marks protected are STARPHARMA,
              VIVAGEL, DEP and VIRALEZE.




                                                                                                               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021   89

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                      89
              Corporate Directory




              Company name                                                  Solicitors
              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   DLA Piper
              ABN 20 078 532 180                                            80 Collins Street




For personal use only
                                                                            Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia

              Directors
                                                                            Stock exchange listing
              R B Thomas AO – Chairman
              J K Fairley – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director   ASX Limited
              Z Peach                                                       Level 4, North Tower, Rialto, 525 Collins Street,
              D J McIntyre                                                  Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia
              L Cheng
                                                                            ASX Code: SPL

              Company Secretary
                                                                            Starpharma’s American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) trade under
              Nigel Baade                                                   the code SPHRY (CUSIP number 855563102). Each Starpharma
                                                                            ADR is equivalent to ten ordinary shares of Starpharma as traded
                                                                            on the ASX. The Bank of New York Mellon is the depositary bank.
              Registered office
              4-6 Southampton Crescent                                      Starpharma’s ADRs are listed on OTCQX International
              Abbotsford, Victoria 3067 Australia                           (www.otcmarkets.com), a premium market tier in the U.S. for
                                                                            international exchange-listed companies, operated by OTC
              Telephone +61 3 8532 2700                                     Markets Group.


              Postal address                                                Website address
              PO Box 2022                                                   www.starpharma.com
              Preston VIC 3072 Australia


              Share register
              Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
              452 Johnston Street, Abbotsford VIC 3067

              GPO Box 2975
              Melbourne, VIC 3001

              1300 850 505 (within Australia)
              +613 9415 4000 (outside Australia)
              www.computershare.com


              Auditor
              PricewaterhouseCoopers
              2 Riverside Quay
              Southbank VIC 3006 Australia




               90       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2021

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                              90
For personal use only

              STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED
              ABN 20 078 532 180
              4-6 Southampton Crescent
              Abbotsford
              VIC 3067 Australia
              Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
              www.starpharma.com
