                                                                                            Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                             ABN 20 078 532 180


                                                                              Appendix 4E: Preliminary Financial Report
                                                                                               Year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                                                      Lodged with the ASX under Listing Rule 4.3A
                                                                                     Previous corresponding period (pcp): Year ended 30 June 2021

                        Results for announcement to the market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        $’000

                           Revenue from continuing operations
                                                                                                Up           128%       to             $4,899
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.1)

                           Loss from continuing operations after tax attributable to
                                                                                               Down
                           members
                                                                                             (decrease)      18%        to           $16,154
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.2)

                           Loss for the period attributable to members                         Down
                           (Appendix 4E item 2.3)                                            (decrease)      18%        to           $16,154


                        Dividends (Appendix 4E items 2.4 and 2.5)
                        No dividends have been paid or declared by the entity since the beginning of the current reporting period. No dividends
                        were paid for the previous corresponding period. No record date for determining entitlements to dividends has been
                        declared.

                        Explanation of Revenue (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        Revenue of $4,899,000 (2021: $2,151,000) for the year includes $4,682,000 for VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® product sales,
                        royalty and research revenue from commercial partners. Interest income on cash invested of $217,000 (2021: $353,000)
                        is also included. The increase in revenue reflects the rollout of VIRALEZE™ to new markets, including Vietnam and Italy.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Explanation of Loss (Appendix 4E item 2.6)
                        The loss after tax is $16,154,000 (2021: $19,732,000 loss) includes expensing all research and development expenditure
                        and intellectual property costs across the portfolio. The decreased loss compared to the prior year reflects the
                        combination of higher sales and partner revenue, and lower R&D expenditure for VIRALEZE™ development and the stage
                        and progression of DEP® internal clinical programs; offset by lower grant funding. The reduced loss is also due to a
                        favourable foreign exchange movement of $940,000 compared to the prior year, primarily on foreign currency held.

                        For further details, refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Financial Statements (Appendix 4E items 3, 4 and 5)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Retained Earnings / Accumulated Losses (Appendix 4E item 6)
                        Refer to note 18 in the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Net Tangible Asset Backing (Appendix 4E item 9)
                        Net tangible asset (NTA) backing per ordinary share at 30 June 2022 is $0.12 (2021: $0.15).

                        Other Significant Information (Appendix 4E item 12)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement.

                        Commentary on Results (Appendix 4E item 14)
                        Refer to the Annual Report which follows this announcement, including the Operating and Financial Review in the
                        Directors’ Report.

                        Audit (Appendix 4E item 15 to 17)
                        The audit of the financial statements and notes has been completed and the Auditors’ Report to members is contained in
                        the Annual Report which follows this announcement. The above NTA backing calculation is considered a non-IFRS value
                        and has not been audited or reviewed in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

                        Appendix 4E items 7, 8, 10, 11, and 13 are not applicable.




                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LTD ABN 20 078 532 180
                                                4-6 Southampton Crescent, Abbotsford 3067, Victoria, Australia
                                                Tel: +61 3 8532 2700 Fax: +61 3 9510 5955 www.starpharma.com
                              Starpharma annual report and full year financial results




For personal use only
                        Melbourne, Australia; 25 August 2022: Starpharma (ASX: SPL, OTCQX: SPHRY) today
                        released its annual report and financial results for the year ended 30 June 2022.

                        Financial Results
                        •   Strong cash position with a balance of $49.9M as at 30 June 2022
                        •   Revenue up 128% to $4.9M (FY21: $2.2M) on the rollout of VIRALEZE™
                        •   Reported loss down 18% to $16.2M (FY21: $19.7M)
                        •   Receipt of $7.7M R&D tax incentive

                        Highlights
                        •   Two new DEP® partnerships with leading, global pharmaceutical companies, Genentech
                            and Merck & Co., Inc.
                        •   Sales of VIRALEZE™ have significantly increased in FY22, following new product
                            launches in Vietnam and Italy and relaunch in the UK by LloydsPharmacy
                        •   Positive interim efficacy findings reported in the prostate cancer cohort of the Phase 2
                            DEP® cabazitaxel trial showing efficacy signals in 100% of evaluable patients
                        •   Three clinical-stage internal DEP® oncology assets advancing well, with encouraging
                            efficacy signals observed
                        •   AstraZeneca’s partnered DEP® product, AZD0466: additional indication (non-Hodgkin’s
                            lymphoma) added and recruitment initiated in a global Phase 1/2 clinical trial; additional
                            trial sites opened for the initial Phase 1/2 leukemia trial
                        •   VIRALEZE™ demonstrated high levels of protection against Omicron in an in vivo
                            challenge model as well as impressive antiviral effects against influenza in laboratory
                            studies and outperformed other antiviral agents used in marketed nasal sprays


                        Starpharma CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley, commented on the full year results:
                        “Starpharma has achieved many significant milestones across our business during FY22,
                        including significant increases in revenue and the execution of new and valuable corporate
                        partnerships, despite the ongoing challenges presented by the global pandemic.
                        “Starpharma was very pleased to sign two new DEP® partnerships with leading, global
                        companies – Genentech and Merck & Co., Inc – while our most advanced partner,
                        AstraZeneca, further expanded the global clinical program for their DEP® product, AZD0466,
                        adding a new cancer type (non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma) and significantly increasing the number
                        of trial sites worldwide. These new AZD0466 developments are particularly exciting for
                        Starpharma, given the expanded market potential, and together with our new DEP®
                        partnerships, signify the growing momentum and value in our DEP® platform.
                        “During the year, Starpharma’s internal DEP® products continued to yield impressive
                        responses in our Phase 2 oncology trials, including significant tumour shrinkage and stable
                        disease in some of the most common and deadly cancers. We were pleased to report the
                        positive interim findings from the prostate cancer cohort of Starpharma’s DEP® cabazitaxel
                        trial in which efficacy signals were observed in all evaluable patients treated with our DEP®
                        version of the leading prostate cancer drug cabazitaxel.
                        “Starpharma’s marketed products have reached more people this year than ever before, with
                        sales of VIRALEZE™ significantly increasing following successful product launches in




For personal use only
                        Vietnam and Italy, and relaunch in the UK through LloydsPharmacy. In parallel with
                        commercial activities for VIRALEZE™, we have continued to test the efficacy of SPL7013, the
                        antiviral agent in VIRALEZE™, against important respiratory viruses, including multiple
                        variants of SARS-CoV-2 and influenza. SPL7013 has demonstrated consistent potent activity
                        against a broad spectrum of respiratory viruses and has outperformed other marketed
                        products when tested head-to-head.
                        “Looking ahead, Starpharma is well positioned for growth, with a strong balance sheet,
                        growing sales revenue, an expanding portfolio of DEP® products and valuable corporate DEP®
                        partnerships. Starpharma continues to champion its Environment, Social and Governance
                        (ESG) pillars by creating important products that have the potential to make a significant
                        contribution to the health and wellbeing of patients around the world.”


                        Key activities
                        Partnered DEP® Programs
                        Signed and commenced a second DEP® Research Agreement with MSD (Merck & Co., Inc.),
                        building on our DEP® partnership in the innovative and valuable research area of antibody
                        drug conjugates (ADCs).
                        Signed and commenced an exploratory DEP® Research Agreement with Genentech, which
                        was expanded within six months of the initial agreement to include an additional DEP®
                        program.
                        Under Starpharma’s DEP® licence with AstraZeneca, the global clinical program for AZD0466
                        continued to advance with multiple new sites opening and commencement of a new clinical
                        trial in an additional cancer type – non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL).
                        Starpharma also continued to progress its DEP® program with Chase Sun, which involves the
                        development of a DEP® anti-infective product for Chase Sun.
                        Starpharma continues to pursue further partnering opportunities for its DEP® drug delivery
                        platform and active commercial discussions are underway in a number of research areas
                        including DEP® radiotheranostics.
                        Internal DEP® Programs
                        Starpharma’s Phase 2 clinical trial of DEP® cabazitaxel continues to recruit well with 70
                        patients enrolled to date. During the year, Starpharma reported positive interim findings from
                        the prostate cancer cohort of this trial, where 100% of evaluable patients treated with DEP®
                        cabazitaxel demonstrated one or more efficacy signals. This trial continues recruitment of
                        patients with ovarian and gastroesophageal cancers, following observation of encouraging
                        efficacy signals in these tumour types, thereby expanding the market potential for DEP®
                        cabazitaxel.
                        The DEP® irinotecan Phase 2 clinical trial continues to progress well, with 83 patients now
                        enrolled. Efficacy signals including prolonged tumour shrinkage and reductions in tumour
                        markers have been observed in multiple tumour types, including colorectal, breast, ovarian,
                        pancreatic, lung, and oesophageal cancers. Enrolment of patients in the combination arm for
                        DEP® irinotecan in combination with 5-FU + leucovorin (a commonly used combination
                        treatment regimen in colorectal cancer) has now commenced.



                                                                                                                     2
                        The clinical program for DEP® docetaxel has enrolled 72 patients to date across the
                        monotherapy and combination arms. Encouraging efficacy signals such as prolonged stable




For personal use only
                        disease and significant tumour shrinkage have been observed in heavily pre-treated patients
                        with lung, pancreatic, oesophageal, cholangiocarcinoma and gastric cancers.
                        Manufacture of DEP® gemcitabine is now complete in readiness for Starpharma to
                        commence a Phase 1/2 clinical trial, with planned clinical trial sites in the UK and Australia.
                        Preparations for trial commencement are well advanced, with the clinical research
                        organisation and site selection processes, regulatory and ethics preparations nearing
                        completion.
                        Starpharma also continues to deepen its pipeline of DEP® assets by actively progressing a
                        number of its own internal programs in areas including DEP® radiotheranostics and DEP®
                        ADCs.
                        Marketed Products
                        Starpharma signed sales and distribution arrangements for VIRALEZE™ broad-spectrum
                        antiviral nasal spray with commercial partners in Italy (ADMENTA Italia Group) and Vietnam
                        (Health Co), and an agreement with Etqan & Nazahah for nine countries in the Middle East.
                        VIRALEZE™ was launched in Vietnam and Italy and relaunched in the UK through
                        LloydsPharmacy.
                        Starpharma continued its scientific collaboration with The Scripps Research Institute to test
                        VIRALEZE™ and SPL7013 against a range of respiratory viruses, including multiple variants
                        of SARS-CoV-2 1 (Omicron and Delta) and influenza.
                        VIRALEZE™ demonstrated excellent protection against infection with the highly transmissible
                        SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant in a stringent in vivo viral challenge model 2. These in vivo
                        findings build on the in vitro findings reported by Starpharma earlier in the financial year, which
                        showed that VIRALEZE™ achieved the maximal possible reduction of virus infectivity against
                        the Omicron variant of SARS-CoV-2 in laboratory-based antiviral and virucidal assays.
                        The broad-spectrum activity of VIRALEZE™ was further demonstrated with impressive results
                        for SPL7013, in VIRALEZE™, against influenza A and B. SPL7013 achieved more than 90%
                        reduction in viral infectivity of both influenza A and B viruses within one minute. SPL7013 also
                        demonstrated irreversible virucidal properties against both types of influenza virus and
                        outperformed other antiviral agents used in marketed nasal sprays.
                        VIRALEZE™ is registered in more than 30 countries and is available in pharmacies, retail
                        outlets and online in a number of countries. Sales of VIRALEZE™ have significantly increased
                        in FY22.
                        Starpharma continued to pursue registration and commercialisation for VIRALEZE™ in
                        multiple other countries, with regulatory submissions in progress and active commercial
                        discussions underway. In Australia, the review by the TGA for the nasal spray application as
                        a medical device is ongoing.
                        Regulatory approvals for VivaGel® BV were achieved in the Middle Eastern countries, Bahrain
                        and Qatar, and pre-launch marketing activities have commenced. Starpharma’s marketing
                        partner, Mundipharma, is also progressing further launches of VivaGel® BV in Asia and
                        registrations in other countries across Asia and the Middle East.


                        1
                         SARS-CoV-2 is the virus that causes COVID-19
                        2
                         The study used the K18-hACE2 mouse model, which is an in vivo humanised mouse model that expresses the human angiotensin converting
                        enzyme (hACE2) receptor, the receptor used by SARS-CoV-2 to infect cells in the human nasal cavity and respiratory tract.


                                                                                                                                                               3
                        An important publication for VivaGel® BV was achieved in the highly regarded peer-reviewed
                        European journal, Archives of Gynecology & Obstetrics. This publication will support




For personal use only
                        marketing activities and importantly, the inclusion of the product in clinical management
                        guidelines for BV.
                        Starpharma’s partner, Okamoto, launched a new VivaGel® condom range in Japan, under the
                        brand name Pure Marguerite. The range is being distributed through major retail chains in
                        Japan. Okamoto has also commenced regulatory processes for the VivaGel® condom in
                        additional countries in Asia.
                        Corporate
                        Ms Lynda Cheng was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 1 August 2021.
                        Ms Cheng has more than 25 years of experience as a finance executive including more than
                        15 years at Visy Industries/Pratt Holdings and 10 years in investment banking.
                        Dr Jeff Davies, former CSL executive, was appointed as an independent non-executive
                        director on 1 April 2022, bringing over 35 years of biopharmaceutical industry experience to
                        Starpharma’s Board.
                        Financials
                        Starpharma concluded FY22 in a strong financial position with a cash balance $49.9 million.
                        Net operating cash outflows for the year were $13.2 million (FY21: $14.8 million). Receipts
                        from customers and grants totalled $13.0 million, including receipts from customers of $4.8
                        million (FY21: $2.4 million) and R&D tax incentive of $7.7 million.
                        Revenue was up 128% to $4.9 million for the year, with $4.7 million for VIRALEZE™ and
                        VivaGel® product sales, royalty, and research revenue from commercial partners. Interest
                        income was $0.2 million for the year. Other income of $0.3 million, consisted of grant funding
                        awarded by the Australian Government’s Medical Research Future Fund to expedite
                        development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™ (FY21: $0.9 million).
                        The loss after tax of $16.2 million (FY21: $19.7 million) includes expensing of all research and
                        development expenditure and IP costs across the portfolio. The decreased loss compared to
                        the prior year reflects the combination of higher sales and partner revenue and lower R&D
                        expenditure due to the completion of VIRALEZE™ development and the stage and
                        progression of DEP® internal clinical programs. The reduced loss reflects a favourable foreign
                        exchange movement of $0.9 million over the prior year, primarily on foreign currency held.




                                                                                                                       4
                        About Starpharma
                        Starpharma Holdings Limited (ASX:SPL, OTCQX:SPHRY) is a global biopharmaceutical company and a world




For personal use only
                        leader in the development of new pharmaceutical and medical products based on proprietary polymers called
                        dendrimers, with programs for DEP® drug delivery, respiratory viruses and VivaGel®. Starpharma has developed
                        VIRALEZE™, an antiviral nasal spray that is registered for sale in >30 countries, and available outside Australia in
                        certain markets online. VIRALEZE™ is not approved for sale or supply in Australia. SPL7013 is utilised in approved
                        products - the VivaGel® condom and VivaGel® BV. VivaGel® products have been licensed in >160 countries, are
                        registered in >45 countries and available for sale in the UK, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, South Africa, Australia
                        and New Zealand.
                        As a leading company in dendrimer-based drug delivery, Starpharma’s proprietary drug delivery platform
                        technology, DEP®, is being used to improve pharmaceuticals, to reduce toxicities and enhance their performance.
                        There are numerous internal and partnered programs underway to develop DEP® versions of existing drugs,
                        particularly in the area of anti-cancer therapies. DEP® partnerships include oncology programs with AstraZeneca,
                        with Merck & Co., Inc., in the area of Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs), with Chase Sun in the area of anti-
                        infectives and other world leading pharmaceutical companies. Starpharma’s partnered DEP® programs have the
                        potential to generate significant future milestones and royalties.
                                                                        Starpharma.com | Twitter | LinkedIn



                        Media: Sumit Media                        Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   Disclosure
                        Grant Titmus                              Dr Jackie Fairley, Chief Executive Officer                    This ASX Announcement
                        Mob: +61 419 388 161                      Nigel Baade, CFO and Company Secretary                        was authorised for release
                        grant@sumitmedia.com.au                   +61 3 8532 2704                                               by the Board of Directors.
                                                                  investor.relations@starpharma.com
                                                                  4-6 Southampton Crescent
                                                                  Abbotsford Vic 3067

                        Forward Looking Statements
                        This document contains certain forward-looking statements, relating to Starpharma’s business, which can be identified by the use of
                        forward-looking terminology such as “promising”, “plans”, “anticipated”, “will”, “project”, “believe”, “forecast”, “expected”, “estimated”,
                        “targeting”, “aiming”, “set to”, “potential”, “seeking to”, “goal”, “could provide”, “intends”, “is being developed”, “could be”, “on track”,
                        “outlook”, or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential filings or marketing approvals, or potential future
                        sales of product candidates. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
                        cause actual results to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
                        statements. There can be no assurance that any existing or future regulatory filings will satisfy the FDA’s and other authorities’
                        requirements regarding any one or more product candidates nor can there be any assurance that such product candidates will be approved
                        by any authorities for sale in any market or that they will reach any particular level of sales. In particular, management’s expectations
                        regarding the approval and commercialization of the product candidates could be affected by, among other things, unexpected trial results,
                        including additional analysis of existing data, and new data; unexpected regulatory actions or delays, or government regulation generally;
                        our ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection; competition in general; government, industry,
                        and general public pricing pressures; and additional factors that involve significant risks and uncertainties about our products, product
                        candidates, financial results and business prospects. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
                        assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or
                        expected. Starpharma is providing this information as of the date of this document and does not assume any obligation to update any
                        forward-looking statements contained in this document as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise. Clinical
                        case studies and other clinical information given in this document are given for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily a guide
                        to product performance and no representation or warranty is made by any person as to the likelihood of achievement or reasonableness
                        of future results. Nothing contained in this document nor any information made available to you is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise,
                        representation, warranty or guarantee as to the past, present or the future performance of any Starpharma product.




                                                                                                                                                                     5
For personal use only




                        Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                                                    01 Highlights
                                                 02 Chairman’s Letter
                                               03 CEO’s Report
                                             12    Environment, Social & Governance
                                           13   Directors’ Report
                                        16      Operating & Financial Review
                                      21       Remuneration Report
                                   44 Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                                 45 Corporate Governance Statement
                               52 Annual Financial Report
                             81   Independent Audit Report to the Members
                            86 Shareholder Information
                          88 Intellectual Property Report
                        89 Corporate Directory
                                                                                                                              2021/22 Highlights




For personal use only
                                        Strong cash position with               Expanding portfolio of DEP® partnerships                New and expanded
                                          a balance of $49.9 million               with leading pharmaceutical companies,                     DEP® Research
                                          as at 30 June 2022                       including AstraZeneca, Genentech                           Agreement with
                                                                                   and Merck & Co., Inc.                                      Genentech

                                Revenue up 128% from FY21
                                  reflecting the further rollout        New VIRALEZE™ product launches                        VIRALEZE™ agent (SPL7013)
                                  of VIRALEZE™                            in Vietnam and Italy and relaunch by                     outperforms other antiviral
                                                                          LloydsPharmacy in the UK                                 agents, iota-carrageenan and
                                                                                                                                   HPMC, against influenza A and B
                         Receipt of $7.7 million
                           R&D tax incentive refund            Positive interim efficacy findings
                           in January 2022                         from the prostate cancer cohort of                Recruitment initiated for the 2nd
                                                                   the Phase 2 DEP® cabazitaxel trial                  global Phase 1/2 clinical trial of
                                                                   showing efficacy signals in 100%                    Starpharma and AstraZeneca's
                 Three promising                                 of evaluable patients                               partnered DEP® product, AZD0466,
                    clinical-stage internal                                                                            in patients with non-Hodgkin's
                    DEP® oncology assets                                                                               lymphoma
                                                   New DEP® Research Agreement with
                                                     Merck & Co., Inc., involving antibody
                                                     drug conjugates                                   Additional trial sites opened for
                                                                                                         AstraZeneca’s global Phase 1/2
                                                                                                         clinical trial of DEP® AZD0466
                                           VIRALEZE™ agent (SPL7013)                                   in patients with advanced
                                              confirmed to be virucidal                                  haematological malignancies
                                              against influenza A and B

                                                                                          VIRALEZE™ sales and distribution
                                  VIRALEZE™ demonstrates                                  arrangements signed for Italy,
                                    high levels of protection                               Vietnam and the Middle East
                                    against Omicron in an in vivo
                                    viral challenge model
                                                                                  DEP® drug delivery platform
                                                                                    showcased at Novel Format
                         Highly experienced former CSL                             Conjugates Summit in Boston
                        executive, Dr Jeff Davies, joins
                        Starpharma's Board
                                                                           US patent issued for
                                                                            DEP® cabazitaxel
                DEP® gemcitabine advancing
                   through preclinical in preparation
                   for a Phase 1/2 clinical study                   VIRALEZE™ registered in
                                                                      more than 30 countries


                                                             VivaGel® BV regulatory approvals
                                                              achieved in Middle Eastern
                                                              countries


                                                            New VivaGel® condom range
                                                             launched in Japan by Okamoto




                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   1
               Chairman’s Letter


               On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to               These positive and rapid developments for
               present our 2022 Annual Report.                         our partnered DEP® programs signal the
                                                                       growing interest in the benefits and value         Sales of VIRALEZE™ – a broad spectrum
               I would like to start by acknowledging the
                                                                       afforded by our DEP® technology.                   antiviral nasal spray developed by our team
               continuing support of our shareholders,




For personal use only
               customers and business partners through                 This year, it was really exciting to see           as the COVID-19 pandemic emerged – have
               these very challenging times. While there               AstraZeneca further expand its clinical            continued to increase, as has the number of
               has been widespread pressure on share                   program for its novel anti-cancer DEP® drug,       countries where the product is registered and
               prices across our sector, including that of             AZD0466. This drug is now being progressed         sold (now over 30 countries).
               Starpharma, this belies the steady progress             through two global multi-centre Phase 1/2          In close collaboration with The Scripps
               made by the company during FY22 to                      trials in patients with certain blood cancers.     Research Institute in the US, Starpharma
               advance our wide range of programs.                     The addition of a new indication (non-             has continued to undertake antiviral testing
               Importantly, Starpharma finished the year               Hodgkin’s lymphoma) in this clinical program       of VIRALEZE™ and SPL7013. Importantly,
               with net cash of $49.9 million.                         is excellent news for Starpharma given the         VIRALEZE™ has demonstrated consistent
                                                                       expanded market potential, and importantly,        and increasingly broad-spectrum results
               I also want to acknowledge the commitment
                                                                       the ability to help more patients who are          across a range of key respiratory viruses,
               of our staff and management team, led by
                                                                       suffering from these difficult to treat cancers.   including multiple variants of SARS-CoV-2
               Dr Jackie Fairley, through this difficult period,
               which was still impacted by the COVID-19                Our internal DEP® programs have continued          (Omicron and Delta), influenza and RSV,
               pandemic.                                               to advance, with recruitment picking up again      highlighting its value in seasonal flu outbreaks
                                                                       for our multiple clinical-stage oncology assets,   as well as future pandemic preparedness. The
               FY22 was another busy year for Starpharma                                                                  broad-spectrum activity, excellent stability and
                                                                       following some COVID-19 related delays. We
               as we signed two significant new partner                                                                   room temperature storage are all significant
                                                                       have seen impressive patient responses in
               agreements for our dendrimer enhanced                                                                      advantages of VIRALEZE™, particularly as
                                                                       our Phase 2 clinical trials, such as significant
               product (DEP®) drug delivery platform,                                                                     the world transitions to living with COVID-19.
                                                                       tumour shrinkage (e.g., partial response),
               advanced our internal DEP® programs, and
                                                                       reductions in tumour marker levels and long-       FY22 also saw two board changes for
               continued to increase our global footprint for
                                                                       standing stable disease, in cases of prostate,     Starpharma with Lynda Cheng and Dr Jeff
               the sale of our consumer products, including
                                                                       ovarian, lung, stomach, oesophageal,               Davies joining. Ms Cheng has extensive
               our broad-spectrum antiviral nasal spray
                                                                       colorectal, pancreatic and breast cancers.         experience as a finance executive and Dr
               VIRALEZE™.
                                                                       The team was very pleased to report the            Davies, a former CSL executive, brings a
               Pivotal to our longer-term future is the new                                                               wealth of biopharmaceutical experience.
                                                                       interim findings for DEP® cabazitaxel from the
               DEP® agreements we have in place with
                                                                       prostate cancer cohort of our Phase 2 trial.       I would like to thank Ms Cheng, Dr Davies
               some of the world’s largest pharmaceutical
                                                                       Prostate cancer is the second most common          and the rest of my fellow board members
               companies. Starpharma now has DEP®
                                                                       cancer diagnosed in men worldwide and a            for all their work and support in FY22.
               partnerships with three of the top 10 global
                                                                       leading cause of death. Our interim findings
               pharmaceutical companies.                                                                                  I would also like to reiterate the valuable
                                                                       showed that 100% of patients assessed
               Starpharma’s growing portfolio of                       for efficacy following treatment with DEP®         contribution of our CEO, Dr Fairley, as well
               partnerships with leading pharmaceutical                cabazitaxel demonstrated one or more               as that of the executive management team,
               companies is built on our proprietary cutting-          efficacy signals and clinical benefit.             to the company.
               edge DEP® platform, which has the potential                                                                Our business remains strong and FY22 has
                                                                       Starpharma has also continued to deepen its
               to create life-changing products for many                                                                  provided us with a great platform for the
                                                                       internal pipeline of DEP® assets, exploring
               cancer patients.                                                                                           commercial opportunities before us in FY23
                                                                       and developing new candidates in the
               It is important to note that our nanotechnology         innovative and valuable research areas             and beyond.
               dendrimer delivery platform can be applied to           of radiotheranostics and antibody drug             We continue to champion our Environment,
               a wide range of therapeutic areas, including            conjugates.                                        Social and Governance (ESG) pillars by
               chemotherapy, immunotherapy                                                                                creating important products with the potential
                                                                       We look forward to sharing further results
               and radiotheranostics.                                                                                     to be life-changing and make a significant
                                                                       for our internal DEP® products.
               Recently, in August 2022, we signed a second                                                               contribution to the health and wellbeing of
                                                                       In parallel with our partnered and                 millions around the world. That contribution
               DEP® Research Agreement with MSD (Merck
                                                                       internal DEP® drug delivery programs in            is something we should all be very proud of.
               & Co., Inc.), involving DEP® antibody drug
                                                                       oncology, Starpharma has increased the
               conjugates, following a successful initial                                                                 Yours sincerely,
                                                                       commercialisation of its consumer products,
               agreement signed with them in early 2021.
                                                                       including VIRALEZE™, in collaboration
               We were also delighted to begin a new                   with its marketing and distribution
               research collaboration with Genentech, part             partners. These products are based on                                    !

               of the Roche Group, initially focusing on the           our patented dendrimer, SPL7013, which             Rob Thomas, AO
               evaluation of DEP® drug conjugates. We were             has demonstrated potent antiviral and              Starpharma Chairman
               pleased to expand this research agreement               antibacterial activity against a variety of
               just prior to the end of the financial year to          infectious pathogens and is supported
               add an additional DEP® program.                         by numerous clinical trials and scientific
                                                                       publications.




               2    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               CEO’s Report

                                                                                                                         Dr Jackie Fairley,
                                                                                                                   Chief Executive Officer
               2022 has proved to be another exciting year for Starpharma and I am
               very pleased to report on our significant achievements over the past
               12 months.
                                                                                            Our expanding DEP® partnerships with these and other leading
               Starpharma is well positioned and funded for growth, with a cash




For personal use only
                                                                                            pharmaceutical companies, like AstraZeneca, illustrate the utility
               balance of $49.9 million (at 30 June 2022) and an increasingly diverse       and optionality of Starpharma’s novel drug delivery platform.
               and growing product and partner portfolio. We continue to expand the
               company’s commercial footprint in more international markets and to          Our existing DEP® partner, AstraZeneca, continued to progress
               explore short- and long-term opportunities for the development of new        its novel DEP® product, AZD0466, through clinical development.
               and innovative products using our proprietary dendrimer technology.          AZD0466, a highly novel Bcl2/xL inhibitor, is being trialled by
                                                                                            AstraZeneca in patients with advanced blood cancers as part of a
               Our DEP® products continue to demonstrate impressive responses               global clinical program, which was expanded during the year to include
               in Phase 2 trials, including significant tumour shrinkage and stable         a new indication. These resistant/refractory blood cancers are difficult
               disease, in some of the most common and deadly cancers. We were              to treat and AZD0466 represents both an important therapeutic option
               pleased to report the positive interim findings from the prostate cancer     for patients and a significant commercial opportunity for AstraZeneca
               cohort of our DEP® cabazitaxel trial in which efficacy signals were          and Starpharma.
               observed in all evaluable patients treated with our DEP® version of the
               leading prostate cancer drug cabazitaxel. Efficacy signals included          We now have DEP® partnerships with several of the world’s largest
               prolonged stable disease, tumour shrinkage and significant reductions        pharmaceutical companies, including AstraZeneca, Genentech, and
               in tumour biomarker levels, and improvements in bone disease. These          Merck & Co., Inc. These companies are highly regarded as industry
               positive findings were particularly encouraging given that all patients in   leaders and our partnerships with them further validate our DEP®
               this trial cohort had late-stage prostate cancer and had failed multiple     technology and the work we are doing in the exciting and dynamic
               other therapies, including taxanes, before entering our study. We look       oncology space.
               forward to sharing further updates on this trial.                            Meanwhile, our marketed products have reached more people this
               Our other internal DEP® drug candidates in Phase 2 – DEP® docetaxel          year than ever before, with revenues significantly increasing.
               and DEP® irinotecan – have continued to recruit and progress well            During the year, VIRALEZE™ was launched in Vietnam and Italy,
               through their clinical trials. We are seeing encouraging responses in        and sales resumed at LloydsPharmacy in the UK following the
               patients and are receiving positive feedback from clinicians in a range      successful resolution of queries raised by the MHRA. The product is
               of cancers.                                                                  now registered in more than 30 countries and Starpharma continues
               Alongside these programs, the addition of new and exciting DEP®              to expand its availability and partnerships around the world. In parallel
               partnerships with leading, global pharmaceutical companies                   with commercial activities for VIRALEZE™, we have continued to test
               demonstrates the growing momentum and value in our DEP® platform.            the efficacy of SPL7013, the agent in VIRALEZE™, against important
               Starpharma signed a DEP® Research Agreement with Genentech,                  respiratory viruses, including multiple variants of SARS-CoV-2 and
               part of the Roche Group, in December 2021, and within six months,            influenza. SPL7013 has demonstrated consistent, potent activity
               this agreement was expanded to include an additional DEP® program            against a broad spectrum of respiratory viruses and has outperformed
               evaluating further compounds using our DEP® technology. More                 other marketed products when tested head-to-head.
               recently, we also signed a second DEP® Research Agreement with               Our VivaGel® BV product is now registered in more than 45 countries
               Merck & Co., Inc., further building on our partnership with them in the      and is sold under different brand names in the UK, Europe, Southeast
               innovative and valuable area of antibody drug conjugates.                    Asia, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. New product launches
                                                                                            are planned, including in Asia later this calendar year. Importantly,
                                                                                            VivaGel® BV also featured in a highly regarded peer-reviewed
                                                                                            European journal this year, which will further support marketing
                                                                                            activities and its inclusion in clinical management guidelines for BV.
                                                                                            I hope you enjoy reading about Starpharma’s progress in this report.
                                                   Partnered DEP® Programs




                                                                                             Starpharma has a deep portfolio
                                                            Internal DEP® Programs
                                                                                            of high-value products on market,
                                                                                            clinical-stage assets and external
                                                                                                     partnerships with leading,
                                                                                                             global companies
                                                                VIRALEZE™ Nasal Spray




                                                      VivaGel® BV & VivaGel® Condom




                                        New Opportunities
                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   3
                        Improving medicines




For personal use only
                         for patients through
                         better drug delivery




               Dendrimer Enhanced Products (DEP®)                                                     Internal Clinical-Stage DEP® Programs –
               Anti-cancer therapies with fewer side effects and improved                             Oncology/Chemotherapy
               effectiveness – this is what Starpharma’s novel drug delivery platform                 Starpharma has three internal oncology assets in international Phase
               is aimed at providing, and not only for cancer treatments, but for drugs               2 clinical trials, which are investigating the use of our novel DEP®
               that treat a range of medical conditions.                                              products as treatments for multiple cancers, including prostate,
                                                                                                      ovarian, pancreatic, colorectal, and oesophageal cancers. The three
               Starpharma’s dendrimers can enhance the properties of existing
                                                                                                      DEP® chemotherapeutic agents, currently in clinical trials, are DEP®
               and novel drugs by reducing toxicities, hence the name “Dendrimer
                                                                                                      irinotecan, DEP® docetaxel and DEP® cabazitaxel.
               Enhanced Products” or “DEP”. Our drug delivery technology is based
               on precise nanoscale particles called dendrimers, which can deliver                    DEP® irinotecan (Phase 2)
               therapeutic drugs to target tissues in a controlled manner, providing                  DEP® irinotecan is an improved version of conventional
               enhanced patient benefits.                                                             irinotecan, which in its standard form is predominantly
                                                                                                      used to treat colorectal cancer, despite having multiple
               Using our DEP® technology to enhance and control drug delivery
                                                                                                      US FDA “Black Box” warnings.
               has the potential to offer multiple commercial and therapeutic
               benefits, including:                                                                   Starpharma’s Phase 2 trial of DEP® irinotecan has
                Reduced side effects compared to the original formulation of drugs                   continued to make good progress in the past 12 months,
                Extended duration of therapeutic activity inside the body                            with 83 patients recruited to date. Encouraging efficacy signals
                Selective targeting of drugs to organs, tissues or molecular receptors               including prolonged stable disease, impressive tumour shrinkage and
                Improved solubility                                                                  reductions in tumour marker levels have been observed in a number of
                Greater flexibility in a wide range of therapeutic areas                             cancer types, including breast, colorectal, ovarian, pancreatic, lung and
               	Multiple revenue streams and potential for new intellectual property                oesophageal cancers as well as a notable absence of some severe,
                  (IP) / patent extensions                                                            dose limiting toxicities often experienced with irinotecan.
               Starpharma’s DEP® technology offers a broad range of clinical                          DEP® irinotecan + 5-FU (combination arm)
               applications and commercial opportunities. Starpharma has internal                     In parallel with the Phase 2 monotherapy trial of DEP® irinotecan,
               and partnered DEP® programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including                   Starpharma is progressing a combination arm that will explore the
               oncology/chemotherapy, radiotheranostics, antibody drug conjugates                     use of DEP® irinotecan in combination with 5-FU + leucovorin – a
               and other therapeutic areas.                                                           commonly used treatment regimen in colorectal cancer. Enrolment of
                                                                                                      patients in this combination arm of the study has now commenced. It
               Internal DEP® products               Preclinical         Phase 1         Phase 2       is not expected that this combination arm will delay completion of the
                                                                                                      monotherapy component of the trial.
               DEP® cabazitaxel                                                                       DEP® docetaxel (Phase 2)
                                                                                                      DEP® docetaxel is a dendrimer version of the conventional
                                                                                                      drug formulation of docetaxel, which is widely used to treat
               DEP® irinotecan                                                                        breast, lung and prostate cancers.
                                                                                                      Starpharma’s clinical program for DEP® docetaxel
                                                                                                      continued to advance this year, with 72 patients recruited
               DEP® docetaxel
                                                                                                      to date across the monotherapy and combination arms.
                                                                                                      During the trial, we have observed encouraging efficacy
                                                                                                      signals in patients suffering from lung, pancreatic, oesophageal,
               DEP® gemcitabine                                        Phase 1/2 clinical program
                                                                                                      cholangiocarcinoma, gastric cancers, and other cancers.
                                                                       expected to commence shortly



               DEP® radiotheranostics



               DEP® antibody drug
               conjugates                                                                                Clinical information and clinical case studies given in this document are given for illustrative
                                                                                                       purposes only and are not necessarily a guide to product performance and no representation
                                                                                                        or warranty is made by any person as to the likelihood of achievement or reasonableness of
               DEP® non-oncology                                                                       future results. Nothing contained in this document, nor any information made available to you
                                                                                                      is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise, representation, warranty or guarantee as to the past,
                                                                                                                                        present or the future performance of any Starpharma product.



               4    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               CEO’s Report




                                 100% of evaluable




For personal use only
                                     prostate cancer
                         patients treated with DEP®
                          cabazitaxel demonstrated
                        one or more efficacy signals


               DEP® cabazitaxel (Phase 2)                                                   Significantly fewer and less severe adverse events were reported
               DEP® cabazitaxel is a dendrimer enhanced formulation                         in the DEP® cabazitaxel cohort than for Jevtana®:
               of the leading prostate cancer drug, cabazitaxel,                            	Fewer and less severe bone marrow toxicities,
               originally developed by Sanofi and marketed as                                   particularly neutropenia
               Jevtana®. Starpharma’s DEP® cabazitaxel has the                               No anaphylaxis observed with DEP® cabazitaxel formulation
               advantage of being a detergent-free formulation, which                           (aqueous formulation – polysorbate 80-free)
               means that patients are not required to take steroids                         No severe hypersensitivity or hair loss with DEP® cabazitaxel
               and antihistamines prior to treatment to avoid/minimise                       Vast majority of adverse events were mild to moderate
               potential anaphylaxis. DEP® cabazitaxel has been designed to improve          Very few patients required G-CSF therapy for myelosuppression
               the safety profile of standard cabazitaxel formulations, while also
               enhancing its tumour-targeting capabilities to improve efficacy.              Case Study: 80-year-old man with stage IV prostate cancer
               Starpharma is currently advancing DEP cabazitaxel through a Phase
                                                        ®

               2 clinical trial in patients with prostate, ovarian and gastro-oesophageal
               cancers. 70 patients have been recruited into this trial to date.               Patient was heavily pre-treated prior to entering the
                                                                                               DEP® cabazitaxel study
               In November 2021, Starpharma reported positive interim findings                 • Patient had progressed following 33 cycles/months of
               from the prostate cancer cohort of this Phase 2 trial. A summary                  three different anti-cancer therapies
               of the patient cohort and interim findings are detailed below.                  Following treatment with DEP® cabazitaxel (seven cycles),
               Prostate Cancer Patient Cohort                                                  the patient achieved these responses:
               The Phase 2 trial enrolled twenty five                                          • 87% reduction in PSA (prostate specific antigen)
               heavily pre-treated patients with an                                            • Partial response (significant tumour shrinkage) lasting
                                                                                                 more than 24 weeks, including a 62% decrease in size of
               average age of 73 years suffering               Prostate cancer is the
                                                              second most common
                                                                                                 target lymph node
               from stage IV hormone-refractory                                                • No G-CSF therapy required
               prostate cancer.                                   cancer in males
                                                              worldwide, and now the           • Notable absence of clinically significant neutropenia,
               	Trial participants had received an           most common cancer                anaemia, and thrombocytopenia
                                                              diagnosed in Australia.
                  average of four prior anti-cancer
                  regimens, and more than                                                       CT scans of lymph node metastasis
                  70 cycles/months
                  before entering the study                                                    Baseline                                                 Post-treatment
               	More than 95% of patients treated with DEP® cabazitaxel had
                  previously received taxanes (conventional docetaxel and
                  standard cabazitaxel)
               Since DEP® cabazitaxel is a detergent-free formulation, the patients
               did not need to take prophylactic steroids or antihistamines before
               being administered with DEP® cabazitaxel.
               Phase 2 Interim Findings in Prostate Cancer Patient Cohort Compared
               with Jevtana® (original formulation of cabazitaxel)                              62% reduction in size of cancerous lymph node,
               100% of evaluable patients treated with DEP® cabazitaxel exhibited               returned to normal size
               one or more efficacy signals:
               	64% had soft tissue disease control for up to 36 weeks
               	90% had a prostate specific antigen (PSA) decrease                        These interim findings in the prostate cancer cohort demonstrate a
               	83% had no progression of secondary bone disease                          favourable efficacy and safety profile of DEP® cabazitaxel, compared
               	18% had significant tumour shrinkage, a partial response                  to the original formulation of the drug, highlighting the significant value
               	52% achieved a ≥50% decrease in PSA (Jevtana® – 29.5%)                    that Starpharma’s DEP® technology can deliver to patients.
               	56% evaluable for all three of these measures (soft tissue disease,       Starpharma’s DEP® cabazitaxel trial continues recruitment of patients
                  bone disease and PSA) showed positive efficacy signals in all three       with ovarian and gastroesophageal cancers, following observation of
                                                                                            encouraging efficacy signals in these tumour types.




                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    5
                                                                                                                            Starpharma’s DEP®
                                                                                                                            technology is highly
                                                                                                                           versatile and can be
                                                                                                                           used across a range




For personal use only
                                                                                                                           of therapeutic areas




               Internal Preclinical DEP® Programs                                        DEP® radiotheranostics
               DEP gemcitabine – Advancing towards the clinic
                    ®                                                                    Radiotheranostics refers to the combined use of small doses of
               DEP® gemcitabine is a dendrimer-enhanced version of                       radioactive drugs, or radionuclides, for imaging and therapeutic
               conventional gemcitabine, which is commonly used to                       applications in cancer treatment.
               treat pancreatic cancer and a wide range of other cancer                  As well as conventional chemotherapeutic drugs, Starpharma’s
               types. Starpharma is in the final stage of preparation for                DEP® technology can be applied to radiotheranostics, creating DEP®
               a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of DEP® gemcitabine, following                 radiotheranostic conjugates, which have the potential to better target
               strong preclinical results and significant clinician interest.            cancer tissue, minimise off-target toxicity and enhance efficacy.
               DEP® antibody drug conjugates                                             Radiotheranostics is a rapidly developing area of cancer treatment
               Antibody drug conjugates (ADCs) are a class of targeted medicines         and sales in this category are estimated to grow substantially in the
               that comprise a targeting molecule (e.g., antibody) chemically linked     coming years.
               to a drug. ADCs are designed to target, enter and kill certain types of
               cells, such as cancer cells, while minimising harm to other cells.        Starpharma has developed multiple novel DEP® radiotheranostic
                                                                                         candidates, including two radiotherapeutics (DEP® lutetium and DEP®
               Starpharma’s DEP® technology provides multiple therapeutic benefits       HER2-lutetium) and one radiodiagnostic (DEP® zirconium).
               compared to conventional ADCs, including:
                Greater homogeneity                                                    The company is exploring a number of opportunities to progress these
                Site-specific attachment of drug conjugates                            candidates, including through internal and partnered programs.
                High affinity
                                                                                         Example of a DEP® radiotherapeutic, where the radioisotopes are
                Delivery of signficantly higher drug payload levels than
                                                                                         attached to a DEP® ‘scaffold’
                   conventional ADCs
                Improved solubility and aggregation
               ADCs have become an increasingly valuable class of therapeutic
               agents in oncology and haematology and Starpharma is working on a
               number of internal and partnered programs in this area.
               Starpharma has demonstrated the benefits of DEP® ADCs in preclinical
               studies, such as in Figure 1 below, which shows that Starpharma’s
               HER2 targeted DEP® ADC demonstrated significant tumour regression
               and 100% survival, outperforming marketed drugs in a human ovarian
               cancer model.


                   Figure 1: DEP® HER2 ADC provides enhanced antitumour efficacy
                   versus selected marketed HER therapies

                                                                                         Application of DEP® beyond oncology
                                                                                         Given the highly versatile and flexible nature of Starpharma’s DEP®
                                                                                         technology, it can be applied to a wide range of therapies, therapeutic
                                                                                         areas, and types of molecules, beyond oncology applications. These
                                                                                         therapies include, but are not limited to, antivirals and anti-infectives.
                                                                                         Starpharma has previously demonstrated the benefits of using DEP® in
                                                                                         antivirals such as improved pharmacokinetics and improved solubility.
                                                                                         In parallel with our work in oncology, the company continues to identify
                                                                                         potential opportunities for developing DEP® compounds for therapeutic
                                                                                         areas beyond oncology. Starpharma also has a partnership with Chase
                                                                                         Sun to explore the potential of DEP® in the area of anti-infectives.




               6    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               CEO’s Report




                Starpharma has secured




For personal use only
                  DEP® partnerships with
                    several of the world’s
               largest biotechnology and
              pharmaceutical companies


               Partnered DEP® Programs                                                              Clinical program for AZD0466                           Status
               The exceptional clinical and commercial potential of Starpharma’s DEP®
                                                                                                    Global Phase 1/2 study in advanced haematological      Recruiting & opening new sites
               platform makes it a highly valuable partnering proposition. The nature of            malignancies (AML & ALL)
               Starpharma’s DEP® drug delivery platform means partners can work under
                                                                                                    Global Phase 1/2 study in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma       Recruiting & opening new sites
               a research collaboration or licence for a specific drug type or category,
               or geography without limiting Starpharma’s ability to partner with others,
                                                                                                    Additional indication planned                          Details TBA
               creating significant optionality. Given Starpharma does not fund partnered
               programs, they also create leverage for Starpharma’s shareholders.
                                                                                                    In addition to these two trials, AstraZeneca also intends to expand
               In a significant endorsement of the DEP® technology, Starpharma                      the AZD0466 clinical program to include an additional cancer type.
               has established partnerships with several of the world’s largest                     Starpharma welcomes these positive developments for AZD0466 and
               biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including AstraZeneca,                   its expanding market potential.
               Genentech and Merck & Co., Inc.
                                                                                                    New DEP® Research Agreements with two large US biopharmaceutical
               The company is collaborating with its partners to explore the application            companies, Merck & Co., Inc., and Genentech
               of the DEP® technology in multiple therapeutic areas, including oncology             In August 2022, Starpharma expanded its DEP® ADCs program with
               and anti-infectives. Partnered programs have the potential to generate               Merck & Co., Inc., signing a second DEP® Research Agreement, which
               significant returns for Starpharma through milestones and royalties.                 will involve generating and evaluating additional DEP® ADCs.
               AstraZeneca expands the DEP® AZD0466 global clinical                                 In December 2021, Starpharma also announced a new DEP® Research
               program to include a new indication                                                  Agreement with Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, for the
               Starpharma has a multi-product licence with AstraZeneca                              development and evaluation of DEP® drug conjugates. In June 2022,
               that includes the development of AstraZeneca’s novel                                 Starpharma was pleased to announce an expansion of this agreement
               DEP® agent AZD0466 – a novel dendrimer formulation of                                to include an additional DEP® program.
               AstraZeneca’s highly potent Bcl2/xL dual inhibitor. AZD0466
                                                                                                    Other DEP® partnerships and collaborations
               is a high-profile program progressing through clinical trials
                                                                                                    In addition to these partnered programs with AstraZeneca, Merck &
               for the treatment of several types of blood cancers.
                                                                                                    Co., Inc., and Genentech, Starpharma continued working on its DEP®
               During the year, an exciting expansion of the AZD0466 clinical program               anti-infective program with Chase Sun during the year.
               was announced by AstraZeneca to include a new indication outside                     Starpharma also continues to pursue new partnering opportunities and
               leukaemia – non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL). NHL is one of the 10                       is advancing negotiations for potential new programs and partners.
               most commonly occurring cancers worldwide. This expanded program
               is recruiting NHL patients in parallel with the ongoing global Phase
               1/2 study in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) and acute
               lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL), which continues to recruit patients and
               open new sites.

                                                                                                                                                          '22 Expanded DEP® Research
                             AstraZeneca commences clinical '19                                                                                                  Agreement with Genentech
                           program for DEP® agent, AZD0466,
                                 triggering milestone payment
                                                 to Starpharma
                                                                                                                                                           AstraZeneca expands
                                               Expanded DEP®                                                                                               DEP® AZD0466
                                                    partnership                                                                                            clinical program further
                                              with AstraZeneca                                                                                             to include new cancer type

                                                                                                                                                 New DEP® Research
                        Momentum building                              New DEP®
                                                                                                                                                 Agreement with Genentech
                            for partnered                             partnership                                             AstraZeneca
                          DEP® programs                           with Chase Sun
                                                                                        New DEP ADC
                                                                                                ®
                                                                                                                              global
                                                                                                                              expansion for
                                                                                    Research Agreement                        DEP® AZD0466
                                                                                              with MSD                        clinical program

                                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022        7
                        Innovative broad-spectrum




For personal use only
                          antiviral nasal spray now
                    registered in over 30 countries




               VIRALEZE™ Nasal Spray                                                                VIRALEZE™ protects against highly infectious Omicron variant of SARS-
                                                                                                    CoV-2 in Viral Challenge Model – Before or After Exposure
               VIRALEZE™ is a broad-spectrum nasal spray that traps and blocks
                                                                                                    VIRALEZE™ recently demonstrated high levels of protection against
               respiratory viruses in the nasal cavity. VIRALEZE™ is applied in the
                                                                                                    infection with the highly transmissible SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant in
               nose where it forms a physical moisture barrier over the nasal mucous
                                                                                                    a stringent viral challenge model.
               membranes, which traps and blocks viruses.
                                                                                                    In a study conducted at Scripps Research in the United States, 100%
               VIRALEZE™ nasal spray was successfully developed by Starpharma
                                                                                                    of animals treated with VIRALEZE™ before and after Omicron virus
               in response to the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020 and the product was
                                                                                                    challenge had no detectable virus in lung, trachea, or nasal cavity at up
               launched less than 12 months after the company first reported the
                                                                                                    to four days post-challenge.
               antiviral activity of SPL7013 against SARS-CoV-2. VIRALEZE™ is
               now registered in more than 30 countries and available in pharmacies,                VIRALEZE™ was also highly effective even if used only after exposure
               retail outlets and online in a number of countries.                                  to virus – animals treated with VIRALEZE™ only after virus exposure
                                                                                                    exhibited a >99.999% reduction in viral load in both lung and trachea,
               During the period, Starpharma reported a number of positive
                                                                                                    compared with saline-treated animals, at day seven. This finding is
               developments for VIRALEZE™, including launches in new regions
                                                                                                    important because it suggests that even when VIRALEZE™ is used
               such as Vietnam and Italy, relaunch in the UK market, and additional
                                                                                                    only after exposure to virus (e.g., if you forget to use the spray before
               registrations in other countries. The company also conducted multiple
                                                                                                    exposure in a high-risk situation), it still has potential to provide
               antiviral and virucidal studies at the prestigious Scripps Research
                                                                                                    significant benefit.
               Institute throughout the year to further support the product. The results
               of these studies have proved highly valuable in commercialising and                  Data from the study, showing viral load in lung tiussue, are provided in
               marketing VIRALEZE™.                                                                 Figure 2 below.

               International rollout of VIRALEZE™
               Starpharma continues to progress registration and commercialisation                     Figure 2: SARS-CoV-2 Omicron Viral Load in Lung
               for VIRALEZE™ across multiple new markets to support its                                 VIRALEZE™ vs Saline (PBS) Control
               international rollout.
               In December 2021, VIRALEZE™ launched in Vietnam and Italy,
               following the execution of sales and distribution arrangements.
               In Vietnam, VIRALEZE™ is being distributed through local pharmacy
               chains and independent retail outlets, while in Italy the product is                                                               ** p <0.01
                                                                                                                                                  **** p < 0.0001
               being sold through LloydsFarmacia.
               VIRALEZE™ continues to be well received by both consumers
               (online and instore) and healthcare professionals.
               Sales of VIRALEZE™ have significantly increased in FY22,
               following these new product launches. Starpharma's VIRALEZE™
               product webstore also achieved growing sales during the year.
               VIRALEZE™ relaunched by LloydsPharmacy in the UK
               In June 2022, VIRALEZE™ was relaunched through
                                                                                                    These new in vivo data build on the in vitro antiviral and virucidal
               LloydsPharmacy in the UK.
                                                                                                    testing at Scripps Research earlier in the year, where the VIRALEZE™
               LloydsPharmacy is one of the largest pharmacy                                        agent (SPL7013) achieved the maximum possible reduction of >99.5%
               groups in the UK, and its affiliated wholesale                                       virus infectivitiy against the Omicron variant of SARS-CoV-2 – also
               arm, AAH, is one of the largest pharmaceutical                                       consistent with the high levels of viral reduction seen in previous
               wholesalers in the UK, supplying more than                                           studies of other SARS-CoV-2 variants and other respiratory viruses.
               14,000 independent UK pharmacies.
                                                                                                    Collectively, the data show that VIRALEZE™ is highly effective in
               Starpharma was awarded $1 million in funding in September 2020 for the development   trapping and blocking virus in the nasal cavity and suggest that
               of VIRALEZE™ by the Australian Government’s Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF)      VIRALEZE™ could be used to help protect from infection with
               under the Biomedical Translation Bridge (BTB) program. In August 2022, Starpharma    respiratory viruses, including multiple SARS-CoV-2 variants, and
               was announced as winner of the ‘Most Significant Commercial Outcome’ award for       potentially as post-exposure prophylaxis to reduce severity of viral
               the successful, rapid development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™ antiviral
                                                                                                    respiratory disease.
               nasal spray.


               8    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               CEO’s Report




                                                                       Medical products




For personal use only
                                                                  with a global footprint




               SPL7013 in VIRALEZE™ virucidal against influenza A and B                                                                      The impressive comparative results of these studies contribute to
               During the year, SPL7013 was also shown to be virucidal against                                                               the growing body of scientific data supporting VIRALEZE™ and our
               influenza A and B – the two most common influenza viruses. In studies                                                         innovative antiviral and antimicrobial agent, SPL7013, which is also
               conducted at Scripps Research, SPL7013 achieved 95% and 99.7%                                                                 used in our VivaGel® products.
               reductions in viral infectivity against influenza A and B respectively.
                                                                                                                                             VivaGel® BV
               The broad spectrum antiviral activity of SPL7013 that has been
                                                                                                                                             VivaGel® BV is a novel, non-antibiotic therapy for the treatment of
               progressively demonstrated, is a positive feature of VIRALEZE™,
                                                                                                                                             bacterial vaginosis (BV) and the prevention of recurrent BV. BV is the
               which highlights the immense opportunities for the product to support
                                                                                                                                             most common vaginal infection worldwide and is twice as common as
               programs to combat seasonal flu outbreaks and strengthen pandemic
                                                                                                                                             thrush. One in three women will experience BV and half of
               preparedness.
                                                                                                                                             these women will have recurrent BV.
               SPL7013 in VIRALEZE™ has now demonstrated strong antiviral effects
               against the following pandemic and endemic viruses:                                                                           VivaGel® BV is registered in more than 45 countries, has been
                SARS-CoV-2 (the coronavirus that causes COVID-19), including                                                               licensed in 160 countries, and is sold under different brand
                  the Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, Omicron and Kappa variants                                                                  names in the UK, Europe, Southeast Asia, South Africa, Australia
                MERS-CoV (the coronavirus that causes MERS)                                                                                and New Zealand.
                SARS-CoV (the coronavirus that causes SARS)                                                                                This year, regulatory approvals for
                H1N1 (the influenza virus that caused Swine Flu)                                                                           VivaGel® BV were achieved in the Middle
                H3N2 (the influenza virus that caused Avian Flu)                                                                           Eastern countries, Bahrain and Qatar.
                RSV (Respiratory syncytial virus)                                                                                          Starpharma and its commercial partner,
                Influenza A and B (the two most common influenza viruses)                                                                  Mundipharma, continue to work together
               VIRALEZE™ outperforms other antiviral agents in influenza studies                                                             to complete other registrations across
               As well as testing the antiviral effects of SPL7013 against a broad                                                           the Mundipharma territories and to pursue additional launches of
               spectrum of respiratory viruses, Starpharma conducted a number                                                                VivaGel® BV in countries where it has been registered.
               of comparative antiviral studies at Scripps Research throughout                                                               VivaGel® BV was also featured in the highly regarded peer-reviewed
               the year.                                                                                                                     European journal, Archives of Gynecology and Obstetrics. The article
               In our studies of influenza, A and B, we assessed the activity of two                                                         highlights the significant unmet need for new treatment and prevention
               antiviral agents used in widely available nasal sprays: hydroxypropyl                                                         options in BV and the role that VivaGel® BV can play in addressing
               methyl cellulose (HPMC) and iota-carrageenan. In contrast to the                                                              this need. This publication will support further marketing activities and
               potent and rapid effect of SPL7013, HPMC and iota-carrageenan                                                                 inclusion of the product in clinical management guidelines for BV.
               did not exhibit virucidal effects in this experiment, even after                                                              Starpharma’s partners for VivaGel® BV have experienced some
               30 minutes exposure (see Figure 3 below).                                                                                     disruption to sales and marketing activities due to COVID-19, and in
                                                                                                                                             the US, where a formal FDA review process is ongoing, COVID-19
                  Figure 3: Infectivity of influenza A virus (log10 pfu/mL) following                                                        has impacted that review process and associated activities.
                  incubation with SPL7013 or HPMC (mg/mL)
                                                                                                                                             VivaGel® Condom
                                                            2.0
                                                                                                                               SPL7013
                                                                                                                                             During the year, Starpharma’s VivaGel® condom partner in
                                                                                                                                             Japan, Okamoto, launched an additional VivaGel® condom




                   Influenza A Infectivity (log10 pfu/mL)
                                                                                                                               HPMC

                                                            1.5
                                                                                                                                             range under the brand name Pure Marguerite, targeting
                                                                                                                                             younger demographics. The range is being distributed
                                                                                     No reduction in viral                                   through major national retail chains in Japan. In parallel,
                                                            1.0
                                                                                     infectivity with HPMC                                   Okamoto is continuing to progress registration activities for
                                                                                                                  SPL7013 achieved           the product in a number of other Asian countries.
                                                                                                                  95% reduction in
                                                            0.5                                                   viral infectivity


                                                             0
                                                                  0     2        4         6         8       10
                                                                        Compound Concentration (mg/mL)               Concentration of
                                                                                                                     compounds in marketed
                                                                                                                     nasal sprays




                                                                                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   9
                    3 Year Financial Summary




For personal use only
                                                                                        2022     2021     2020
                                                                                         $M       $M       $M

              Revenue                                                                    4.9      2.2      6.6

              Other Income                                                               0.3      1.3      0.5

              Total revenue and other income                                             5.2      3.5      7.1

              Expenditure, including cost of goods sold                                 (21.4)   (23.2)   (21.8)

              Loss for the period                                                       (16.2)   (19.7)   (14.7)

              Net operating cash outflows                                               (13.2)   (14.8)   (10.8)

              Net investing and financing cash inflows (outflows)                        2.4     46.1     (0.7)

              Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                  49.9     60.5     30.1




               Overview of FY22 Financial Results
               Starpharma ended the financial year with a strong cash balance of
               $49.9 million.
               Revenue for the year was up 128% to $4.9 million, which includes $4.7
               million in product sales, royalty, and research revenue from corporate
               partners (2021: $1.8 million). The increase in revenue from contracts
               with customers reflects the rollout of VIRALEZE™ to new markets,
               including Vietnam.
               The reported loss of $16.2 million is a decrease of 18%, compared to
               the $19.7 million loss last year. The decreased loss compared to the
               prior year reflects the higher sales and partner revenue and lower R&D
               expenditure due to the completion of VIRALEZE™ development and
               the stage of DEP® clinical programs. The reduced loss is also impacted
               by a favourable unrealised foreign exchange movement of $0.9 million,
               primarily on foreign currency held.The net operating cash outflows for
               the year were $13.2 million. Net investing and financing cash inflows
               for the year were $2.4 million.




               10       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               CEO’s Report
               Review and future outlook                                                           Partnered DEP® programs have have the potential to generate multiple
               Reflecting on the past 12 months, Starpharma’s Board and I are very                 revenue streams through significant future milestones and royalties
               proud of our dedicated team who have worked exceptionally hard.                     for Starpharma through licensing, creating signifcant leverage and
               Starpharma has a highly skilled workforce and every member of our                   optionality, all while being funded externally.
               team is critical to the success and development of our business.                    In the year ahead, we will also continue to focus on expanding the
               The impact of the global pandemic is still being felt throughout the                footprint of our marketed products across the globe through our




For personal use only
               community, however, I am pleased to report that Starpharma has                      commercial partners and also directly to consumers.
               continued to operate with minimal disruption. Our executive team has                Additional testing demonstrating the effectiveness of VIRALEZE™
               monitored the situation and taken action where appropriate to ensure                against a broad spectrum of respiratory viruses, beyond SARS-CoV-2,
               the safety of our staff and trial participants, to maintain product supply          such as influenza viruses, has further broadened the potential for the
               for our customers, and to continue advancing our business.                          product. Likewise, comparative studies showing that SPL7013, the
               This year, we have welcomed the opportunity to again particpate                     agent in VIRALEZE™, is more effective than other nasal sprays and
               in conferences and to resume face-to-face meetings with partners,                   their ingredients, have further strenthened the commercial positioning
               industry stakeholders, and shareholders.                                            of VIRALEZE™. We look forward to making this product more widely
                                                                                                   available and driving further revenue in the year ahead.
               Starpharma has concluded FY22 with a strong balance sheet and
               a growing portfolio of revenue-generating products on market and                    For our VivaGel® products, we will continue working with our partners
               valuable partnerships.                                                              to achieve additional registrations and launches for these important
                                                                                                   products in new regions.
               Looking ahead, our strategic focus is clear – to leverage our
               proprietary dendrimer technology to build a portfolio of high-value                 Our DEP® products and SPL7013 products (VIRALEZE™ and
               products and partnerships that address significant unmet patient                    VivaGel®) are excellent examples of how we leverage our dendrimer
               needs for the betterment of our community and our shareholders.                     technology to develop and commercialise new and innovative medical
                                                                                                   products that can make a real and positive difference to people’s
               Starpharma’s DEP® products continued to yield impressive responses                  lives. Moving forward we intend to leverage new, short and long-term
               in our Phase 2 oncology trials, including significant tumour shrinkage              opportunities using our proprietary dendrimer technology to continue
               and stable disease in late-stage patients with prostate, ovarian, lung,             building on our portfolio of highly valuable assets.
               stomach, oesophageal, colorectal, pancreatic and breast cancers.
               These patients have few options for treatment, so these responses                   Starpharma is in an excellent position for accelerated growth, with a
               are all the more important.                                                         strong balance sheet and anticipated growing revenues. Together,
                                                                                                   with the support of our staff, partners, industry stakeholders, and
               Our DEP® platform remains a key value driver given its broad                        shareholders, the company will continue its pursuit of improving
               applicability to a wide range of therapeutics, remarkable optionality               patient outcomes around the world.
               and value in multiple partnerships. Internally, we will continue creating
               additional DEP® candidates for large, high-value markets, with a
               view to progress into clinical trials ahead of licensing. This includes
               advancing our three Phase 2 DEP® clinical candidates and value-
               adding combinations as appropriate, as well as progressing our work
               in innovative and valuable research areas such as improved antibody                 Jackie Fairley
               drug conjugates and radiotheranostics.                                              Chief Executive Officer

               In parallel to this, we will continue progressing our existing partnered
               DEP® programs with AstraZeneca, Merck & Co., Inc., Chase Sun, and
               Genentech, while also seeking new opportunities.




                    DEP® Drug Delivery                                                                SPL7013 Products

                                Internal DEP® Clinical-stage Assets                                               VIRALEZE™ Nasal Spray
                                • Progress and complete Phase 2 trials                                            • Further commercial rollout and product launches
                                • Progress value-adding combination studies                                       • Further registrations in other regions
                                • Licences for DEP® assets                                                        • Further distribution and marketing arrangements
                                                                                                                     with commercial partners
                                                                                                                  • Continued testing to support commercialisation
                                Partnered DEP® Programs
                                • Progress existing partnerships with AstraZeneca, Merck & Co.,
                                                                                                                  VivaGel® BV
                                   Inc., Chase Sun, and Genentech
                                                                                                                  • Commercial rollout in other markets
                                • Execute new and/or expand existing DEP® partnerships
                                                                                                                  • Further regulatory approvals and launches;
                                                                                                                     milestones, product sales/royalties
                                                                                                                  • FDA review process
                                AZD0466 Clinical Program
                                • Clinical progress, including expansion of trial sites
                                   and recruitment                                                                VivaGel® Condom
                                • Further milestones                                                             • Approvals/launches in additional countries


                                Preclinical DEP® Programs
                                                                                                                  SPL7013
                                • Advance DEP®
                                                                                                                  • Further development/co-development of other products
                                   radiotheranostics, DEP®
                                                                                                                  • Continued testing against important infectious pathogens
                                   ADCs and other DEP®
                                   candidates

                                                                                                                             STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   11
                                                                                                                                                 Environment,
                                                                                                                                                 Social &
                                                                                                                                                 Governance




For personal use only
               As a biopharmaceutical company, Starpharma is uniquely positioned
               to help address global health challenges by bringing important                                               ESG SNAPSHOT
               medicines and health products to patients in need. We acknowledge
               this important role and believe our innovative products will deliver long-   Compliance                       No breaches of:
               term value to all stakeholders.                                              with ASX                         - Code of Conduct
                                                                                            Corporate                        - Anti-bribery
               Alongside developing important products for patients, Starpharma is          Governance                       - Whistleblowing
               committed to corporate sustainability. As part of this commitment, the       Principles
               company releases a standalone Environment, Social and Governance             and Recommendations
               (ESG) Report each year alongside this Annual Report.                                                          Director Independence
               Starpharma’s ESG Report showcases how we operate our business                               Small, diverse
               responsibly and contribute to the wider community, with consideration                       workforce
               for global ESG goals, principles and frameworks.                                            represented by
                                                                                                           18 countries
               Our ESG Report presents the sustainability related risks and
               opportunities that are material and relevant for Starpharma, with                                                                         Board 83%
               particular consideration to the changing, perceived and potential
                                                                                            No WorkSafe                                          Committees 100%
               issues arising from our progress with developing pharmaceutical
                                                                                            notifiable
               products through to their registration, supply and commercialisation.
                                                                                            incidents in
                                                                                                                                             Supplier Code of
               The ESG Report is centred around Starpharma’s ESG framework,                 the last 5 years
                                                                                                                                             Conduct outlines
               which comprises four pillars: Governance, Our People, Products &
                                                                                                                                             expectations for
               Patient Health, and Environment. Our ESG framework is strongly               Strong, innovative                               all suppliers
               embedded throughout all parts of our business and during the year            and performance-
               we have continued to prioritise activities and initiatives to achieve        driven culture
               high standards in each of these pillars. Several key achievements are                                         Critical suppliers
               captured in our ESG snapshot (right), highlighting our commitments                                            monitored through audits
               to good governance, our people, responsible supply chains and                                                 and ongoing assessment
               mitigating our impact on the environment.                                                                     of quality

               We encourage you to view our full ESG Report online on our website.
                                                                                            Women represented at all levels of the company



                                                                                               50% Women                      50% Women                     35% Women




                                                                                            Whole Organisation              Board of Directors        Leadership/Management
                                                                                                Staff & Board


                                                                                            Committed to                     Clinical programs
                                                                                            conducting                       undertaken in
                                                                                            operations                       accordance with
                                                                                            in an                            strict international
                                                                                            environmentally                  guidelines
                                                                                            responsible
                                                                                            manner
                                                                                                                                      Climate Change Position
                                                                                                                                        Statement Published




               12       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
              Directors’ Report

              Your directors have pleasure in presenting this report on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter as the “group”, “company”, or
              “Starpharma”) consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (the “Parent Entity”) and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the year
              ended 30 June 2022.

              Directors
              The following persons were directors of Starpharma Holdings Limited at the date of this report and during the whole of the financial year:
              R B Thomas (Chairman)                                J K Fairley (Chief Executive Officer)
              D J McIntyre                                         Z Peach




For personal use only
              L Cheng was appointed as a director on 1 August 2021 and continues in office at the date of this report.
              J R Davies was appointed as a director on 1 April 2022 and continues in office at the date of this report.
              P R Turvey was a director from the beginning of the financial year until his resignation on 29 July 2021.

              Information on Directors                                                       experience with US based companies as they progress from
                                                                                             research to commercialisation.
              Robert B Thomas AO, BEc, MSAA, SF Fin, FAICD, FRSN
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 4 December 2013)                 Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              and Chairman from 13 June 2014                                                 900,000 ordinary shares

              Experience
              Mr Thomas has a strong background in financial services and                    Jacinth (Jackie) K Fairley BSc, BVSc (Hons), MBA, GAICD,
              capital markets and is a non-executive director of several                     FTSE
              Australian listed companies. Formerly Mr Thomas was a Partner of               Chief Executive Officer and Director (appointed 1 July 2006)
              Potter Partners (now UBS) where he was also Head of Research.
                                                                                             Experience
              Mr Thomas is the former Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of County                Dr Jackie Fairley has more than 30 years of operational
              NatWest Securities and then became CEO and then Chairman of                    experience in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
              Citibank Corporate and Investment Bank in Australia. Mr Thomas                 working in senior management roles with companies including
              has also held the position of Chairman at Australian Wealth                    CSL Limited (CSL) and Faulding (now Pfizer). In those roles Dr
              Management Ltd (ultimately IOOF Ltd), TAL (Australia’s largest life            Fairley had responsibilities which included clinical, regulatory,
              insurance company) and HeartWare® International Inc, the second                business development, product development management and
              largest global manufacturer of left ventricular assist heart pumps.            general management. At Faulding Dr Fairley was responsible for
              Mr Thomas is currently a non-executive director of ASX-listed                  Global Product Development, Regulatory Affairs and Business
              Biotron Limited and Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited. Mr Thomas is              Development for Faulding’s Hospital Business which operated in
              also Chair of AusBio Ltd, Grahger Retail Securities, Co-Chair of               more than 60 countries.
              the State Library of NSW Foundation and a director of O’Connell
              Street Associates.                                                             Dr Fairley holds first class honours degrees in Science
                                                                                             (pharmacology and pathology) and Veterinary Science from
              For many years Mr Thomas was regarded as one of Australia’s                    Melbourne University and was a practicing veterinary surgeon prior
              leading financial analysts and regularly lectured with Financial               to joining CSL. Whilst at CSL Dr Fairley obtained a Master of
              Services Institute of Australia (FINSIA). He has considerable                  Business Administration from the Melbourne Business School
              expertise in Mergers & Acquisition (M&A) and capital markets                   where she was the recipient of the prestigious Clemenger Medal.
              including advising on the floats of Commonwealth Bank of                       Dr Fairley is also a Graduate of the Australian Institute of
              Australia and Qantas, and vast experience in Audit and Risk                    Company Directors.
              Management. Mr Thomas is also approved under the NSW
              prequalification scheme for Audit and Risk Committee Independent               Dr Fairley is a non-executive director of the listed investment
              Chairs and Members for government/public sector agencies and                   company Mirrabooka Investments Limited and a member of the
              has previously served as the Chairman of the Audit and Risk                    Invest Victoria Advisory Board (IVAB) and Carnegie Venture
              Committee of Virgin Australia Limited (for 11 years), HeartWare®               Capital’s investment Committee. Dr Fairley has previously served
              International Inc, REVA Medical Limited and the State Library of               on the Melbourne Business School Board, the Australian Federal
              NSW.                                                                           Government’s Commonwealth Science Council and
                                                                                             Pharmaceutical Industry Working Group, and the Australian
              Mr Thomas holds a Bachelor of Economics from Monash                            Federal Ministerial Biotechnology Advisory Council.
              University, a Diploma of Business (Accounting) from Swinburne
              and is a fellow of FINSIA. Mr Thomas is also a Master                          Committees
              Stockbroker, a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company                   Attends Board Committee meetings by invitation.
              Directors and a Fellow of the Royal Society of New South Wales.
                                                                                             Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Mirrabooka
              Committee membership                                                           Investments Limited.
              Member of Remuneration & Nomination Committee;
              Member of Audit & Risk Committee.                                              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
                                                                                             years: None.
              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Biotron
              Limited and Clarity Pharmaceuticals Limited.                                   Specific skills and experience areas
                                                                                             With more than 30 years’ experience in executive roles up to and
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within last three                   including as CEO and executive director of ASX listed and unlisted
              years: REVA Medical Inc.                                                       pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, Dr Fairley’s
                                                                                             experience covers all key areas described in the Board skills
              Specific skills and experience areas                                           matrix. In particular, Dr Fairley has significant leadership skills in
              In addition to Mr Thomas’ significant finance and M&A/capital                  healthcare and scientific research; pharmaceutical development;
              markets experience, Mr Thomas’ non-executive roles with various                international experience; licensing and commercialisation of
              ASX listed companies have deepened his skills and experience in                innovation; business development; strategy and risk management;
              relation to accounting/corporate finance; audit and risk;                      and M&A/capital markets.
              governance; licensing and commercialisation of innovation;
              strategy and risk management; occupational health & safety                     Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
              (“OH&S”); and remuneration. He has also had significant                        3,975,434 ordinary shares
                                                                                             5,502,890 employee performance rights

                                                                                                                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   13

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                          13
              Directors’ Report

              Zita Peach BSc, GAICD, FAMI                                             David McIntyre CPA, LL.B., MBA and B. Econs (Acc)
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 October 2011)           Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 March 2020)

              Experience                                                              Experience
              Ms Peach has more than 25 years of executive commercial                 Mr McIntyre has more than 20 years of executive experience
              experience in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical devices        including 18 years in the life sciences sector, having held various
              and health services industries. She worked for major industry           C-suite level roles at Tessa Therapeutics, Inc., AVITA
              players such as CSL Limited and Merck Sharp & Dohme, the                Therapeutics, Inc., HeartWare® International, Inc., and Braeburn,
              Australian subsidiary of Merck Inc. Ms Peach’s most recent              Inc.




For personal use only
              executive position was as the Managing Director for Australia and
              New Zealand and Executive Vice President, South Asia Pacific for        Mr McIntyre’s experience also includes seven years as a Partner
              Fresenius Kabi, a leading provider of pharmaceutical products and       at Apple Tree Partners, a multi-billion-dollar life science venture
              medical devices to hospitals. Previously, Ms Peach was Vice             capital and growth equity fund, giving him a deep knowledge of,
              President, Business Development, for CSL Limited, a position she        and extensive contacts, in the US pharma, medical device and
              held for ten years.                                                     biotech markets. During this time, Mr McIntyre served as a non-
                                                                                      executive director of several United States life science companies.
              Ms Peach has substantial international and local expertise in the
              areas of pharmaceutical/medical device product development,             Prior to entering life sciences, Mr McIntyre practiced as a senior
              commercialisation of products and technologies, marketing and           attorney at Baker & McKenzie and KPMG specialising in M&A,
              sales, licensing, M&A and international expansions. She has             initial public offerings, and corporate law and also held various
              overseen manufacturing, logistics, regulatory affairs, quality          senior finance roles in both multi-national companies and small
              assurance, clinical services, human resources, finance,                 growth companies.
              information technology, public policy, business development,
              marketing and sales at Managing Director and CEO level.                 Mr McIntyre is based in the United States and brings to the table
                                                                                      an international lens on life science licensing and
              Ms Peach is Chair of Pacific Smiles Group Limited, and a Non-           commercialisation, marketing and business and development, and
              Executive Director of the ASX-listed Monash IVF Group Limited.          M&A/capital markets. Mr McIntyre has significant experience in the
                                                                                      areas of accounting/corporate finance, audit and risk, strategy and
              Ms Peach is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company             risk management.
              Directors and a Fellow of the Australian Marketing Institute.
                                                                                      Mr McIntyre holds a Bachelor of Economics (Accounting) from the
              Committee membership                                                    University of Sydney, Australia, a Bachelor of Laws from the
              Chair of the Remuneration & Nomination Committee;                       University of Technology, Sydney and a Masters of Business
              Member of Audit & Risk Committee.                                       Administration from Duke University Fuqua School of Business
                                                                                      (Fuqua Scholar) from Durham, North Carolina, in the United States
              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: Monash IVF          of America. Mr McIntyre is a Certified Practising Accountant and is
              Group Limited, and Pacific Smiles Group Limited.                        also admitted as a legal practitioner of the Supreme Court of New
                                                                                      South Wales and of the High Court of Australia.
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              years: Visioneering Technologies, Inc., AirXpanders, Inc.               Committee membership
                                                                                      Acting Chair of Audit & Risk Committee.
              Specific skills and experience areas
              With over 25 years’ experience in various senior executive roles        Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.
              within ASX listed and international pharmaceutical and
              biotechnology companies, as well as numerous non-executive              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              directorships in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical sector, Ms            years: Redflex Holdings Limited.
              Peach’s experience covers all key areas described in the Board
              skills matrix. In particular, Ms Peach has substantial expertise as a   Specific skills and experience areas
              leader in healthcare and scientific research;                           With more than 20 years of executive experience including 18
              pharmaceutical/product development; licensing and                       years in the life science sector, Mr McIntyre’s experience covers all
              commercialisation of innovation; science and technology; sales,         key areas described in the Board skills matrix. In particular, Mr
              marketing and business development; strategy and risk                   McIntyre has substantial expertise in accounting/corporate finance,
              management; remuneration; and M&A/capital markets.                      audit and risk; M&A/capital markets; governance; licensing and
                                                                                      commercialisation of innovation; strategy and risk management,
              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                                having held executive roles including Chief Financial Officer and
              57,449 ordinary shares                                                  Chief Operating Officer. He has also had significant experience
                                                                                      with United States based companies in the medical device,
                                                                                      biotechnology and pharmaceutical sector.
                                                                                      Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
                                                                                      16,240 ordinary shares




               14       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                               14
               Directors’ Report

               Lynda Cheng B.Com, LLB (Hons), GAICD                                  Jeff R Davies PhD, BSc (Hons)
               Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 August 2021)          Independent non-executive director (appointed 1 April 2022)
               Experience                                                            Experience
               Ms Cheng has a strong background in finance with more than 25         Dr Davies is a former CSL executive, with over 35 years of
               years of experience as a finance executive including more than 15     biopharmaceutical experience, holding senior executive roles at
               years at Visy Industries/Pratt Holdings and 10 years in investment    CSL, including Executive Vice President & General Manager at
               banking. She has significant commercial and international             CSL for the Asia-Pacific region, and Global Head of Plasma
               corporate expertise including experience in financial services,       Product Research and Development at CSL-Behring, Switzerland.




For personal use only
               manufacturing, export finance, infrastructure, education as well as   As Executive Vice President & General Manager at CSL for the
               market entry, growth and technology.                                  Asia-Pacific region Dr Davies had overall P&L responsibility for the
                                                                                     commercial and operational aspects of the business and oversaw
               Ms Cheng is currently Director of Corporate Development and           the pharmaceutical, plasma, vaccine, and diagnostic businesses in
               Mergers & Acquisitions at Visy Industries / Pratt Holdings and has    Australia, New Zealand, China, and the broader Asia-Pacific
               held various other roles in the group including CFO. Ms Cheng’s       region.
               earlier roles include as a lawyer at Blake Dawson, before moving
               into investment banking with J.P. Morgan in their Melbourne,          As the Global Head of CSL-Behring’s Plasma Product Research
               Sydney, San Francisco and New York offices.                           and Development portfolios, Dr Davies oversaw and played an
                                                                                     important role in the development of leading products, including
               Ms Cheng is currently an independent, non-executive member of         the multi-billion-dollar Privigen® immunoglobulin product. Dr
               the board of directors JRJJ Capital, the parent company of            Davies was part of CSL’s due diligence teams, which led to the
               Merricks Capital, in an observer/advisory capacity. Ms Cheng          acquisitions of the Plasma Fractionation businesses of Swiss Red
               previously served as a non-executive director of Export Finance       Cross (2000) and Aventis Behring (2003) thus transforming CSL
               Australia, a member of the Australian Government's International      into a global company.
               Development Policy Expert Panel and Deputy Chair and Chair of
               the Finance, Audit and Risk Committee of South East Water.            Dr Davies is a partner and founding director of the pharmaceutical
                                                                                     consulting firm, Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence. Dr
               Ms Cheng holds a Bachelor of Law (Honours) and Commerce               Davies has held a number of senior industry board and advisory
               degree, majoring in actuarial studies and economics, from the         roles, including representation on the Pharmaceutical Industry
               University of Melbourne and is a graduate member of the               Council, the Australian Red Cross Advisory Board and Medicines
               Australian Institute of Company Directors.                            Australia.
               Committee membership                                                  Dr Davies holds a PhD in Biochemistry from Monash University
               Member of Audit & Risk Committee;                                     and is a Graduate of the London Business School’s Senior
               Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee                       Executive Program.
               Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.             Committee membership
                                                                                     Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee
               Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
               years: None                                                           Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.
               Specific skills and experience areas                                  Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
               With over 25 years’ experience as a finance executive, including      years: None
               substantial international experience and several non-executive
               directorships, Ms Cheng’s experience covers the majority of key       Specific skills and experience areas
               areas described in Starpharma’s Board skills matrix. In particular,   With over 35 years of experience within the biopharmaceutical
               she has substantial expertise in accounting/corporate finance,        industry, Dr Davies is an accomplished executive skilled in R&D,
               audit and risk; M&A/capital markets; strategy and risk                Product Development and commercialisation strategy; business
               management; governance; as well as business development. Ms           development, manufacturing and clinical & regulatory affairs. Dr
               Cheng has had involvement in the commercialisation of new             Davies has significant leadership skills and experience in
               innovations during her tenure at South East Water and also while      commercialising scientific research for healthcare products.
               working with disruptive technology companies in Silicon Valley.
                                                                                     Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited
               Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                              50,000 ordinary shares
               60,000 ordinary shares




                                                                                                         STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   15

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                               15
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Peter R Turvey BA/LLB, MAICD                                             Principal activities
              Independent non-executive director (appointed 19 March 2012)
              and Deputy Chairman from 26 November 2019; resigned 29 July              The principal activities of the group consist of research,
              2021)                                                                    development and commercialisation of dendrimer products for
                                                                                       pharmaceutical, life-science and other applications. Activities
              Experience                                                               within the group are directed towards the development of precisely
              Mr Turvey has had more than 30 years of experience in the                defined nano-scale materials, including on the development of
              biotech/pharmaceutical industry having been former Executive             VivaGel® for the management and prevention of bacterial
              Vice President Licensing, Group General Counsel and Company              vaginosis, and as an antiviral condom coating, and VIRALEZE™ -




For personal use only
              Secretary of global biopharmaceutical company CSL, retiring in           an antiviral nasal spray. Starpharma is also applying its proprietary
              2011.                                                                    dendrimers to drug delivery to create improved pharmaceuticals
                                                                                       and has developed the valuable DEP® delivery platform.
              Mr Turvey played a key role in the transformation of CSL from a
              government owned enterprise, through ASX listing in 1994, to a           Result
              global plasma and biopharmaceutical company. He also had
              responsibility for the protection and licensing of CSL's intellectual    The financial report for the group for the financial year ended 30
              property and for risk management within CSL, which included              June 2022, and the results herein, have been prepared in
              management of the internal audit function, reporting to the Audit &      accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.
              Risk Management Committee of the Board as well as being the
              Chairman of the Corporate Risk Management Committee. In his              The consolidated loss after income tax attributable to ordinary
              senior executive role at CSL, Mr Turvey was actively involved in         shareholders for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 was
              CSL’s extensive M&A and equity capital raising activities over a 15      $16,154,000 (2021: $19,732,000), with revenue for the year of
              year period, including during the time of the float of CSL as a          $4,899,000 (2021: $2,151,000). The net operating cash outflows
              publicly listed company. This experience was further enhanced by         for the year were $13,162,000 (2021: $14,808,000). The cash
              Mr Turvey’s non-executive directorships of various ASX listed            balance at 30 June 2022 was $49,918,000 (June 2021:
              biotechnology companies.                                                 $60,500,000).

              In addition to his expertise in corporate finance, audit and risk        Dividends and distributions
              management, Mr Turvey had extensive experience in
              commercialisation and pharmaceutical product development.                No dividends were paid or declared during the period and no
                                                                                       dividends are recommended in respect to the financial year ended
              Committee membership (until resignation)                                 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).
              Chair of Audit & Risk Committee
              Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee                          Review of operations
              Other current directorships of ASX listed entities: None.                Key activities until the date of this report include:
                                                                                       DEP® Drug Delivery
              Directorships of other ASX listed entities within the last three
              years: None.                                                             Partnered DEP® Programs
                                                                                       Signed and commenced a second DEP® Research Agreement
              Specific skills and experience areas                                     with Merck & Co., Inc., building on our DEP® partnership with them
              With over 30 years of executive experience in the biotechnology          in the innovative and valuable research area of antibody drug
              industry of which 20 years were at CSL, followed by non-executive        conjugates (ADCs). This second agreement follows an initial DEP®
              directorships at a number of ASX listed pharmaceutical and               ADC agreement signed with Merck & Co., Inc., in February 2021.
              biotechnology companies, Mr Turvey has significant leadership
              skills and experience in healthcare and/or scientific research;          Signed and commenced an exploratory DEP® Research
              pharmaceutical/product development; international experience and         Agreement with Genentech, which involves the design and
              skills in regulation/public policy; licensing and commercialisation of   synthesis of DEP® dendrimer conjugates incorporating a
              innovation; business development; governance; strategy; risk             Genentech proprietary molecule. This agreement was expanded
              management; audit and risk; and M&A/capital markets.                     within six months of the initial agreement to include an additional
                                                                                       DEP® program.
              Mr Turvey resigned as a director on 29 July 2021 due to ill health.
                                                                                       Under Starpharma’s DEP® licence with AstraZeneca, the global
              Interests in Starpharma Holdings Limited                                 clinical program for AZD0466 continued to advance with multiple
              193,155 ordinary shares (at time of resignation)                         new sites opening and commencement of a new clinical trial in an
                                                                                       additional cancer type – non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL). The new
              Company Secretary                                                        NHL Phase 1/2 trial of AZD0466 is now recruiting at sites in the US
                                                                                       and Korea. AstraZeneca plans to further expand recruitment for
              The Company Secretary is Mr Nigel Baade, holding the position            this trial, with additional sites expected to open across the US,
              since 2013. Mr Baade also holds the position of Chief Financial          Canada, Europe, Australia, and Asia. In the Phase 1/2 leukemia
              Officer, which he has held since January 2009. Mr Baade is a             trial of AZD0466 in patients with advanced haematological
              Certified Practising Accountant (CPA) with extensive experience in       malignancies, additional sites were also opened. This leukemia
              the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Prior to joining        trial is now recruiting at sites in the US, Australia, Italy, Germany,
              Starpharma as Financial Controller in 2006, he has held positions        and Korea.
              at Hagemeyer, Cerylid Biosciences, Faulding (now Pfizer) and
                                                                                       AstraZeneca and MD Anderson Cancer Center researchers
              UMT (Fonterra). Mr Baade holds qualifications from University of
                                                                                       presented new data for AZD0466 in two scientific poster
              Tasmania and Monash University.
                                                                                       presentations at the 63rd American Society of Hematology (ASH)
                                                                                       Annual Meeting in December 2021.
              Mr Baade is a former director of BioMelbourne Network Inc, and
              served as its Treasurer and Chairman of the Finance, Audit and           Starpharma also continued to progress its DEP® program with
              Risk Committee. Mr Baade is a member of the Australian Institute         Chase Sun, which involves the development of a DEP® anti-
              of Company Directors.                                                    infective product for Chase Sun, with the view of enhancing its
                                                                                       performance and expanding its therapeutic utility.
                                                                                       Starpharma continues to pursue further partnering opportunities for
                                                                                       its DEP® drug delivery platform and active commercial discussions
                                                                                       are underway in a number of research areas including DEP®
                                                                                       radiotheranostics.



               16       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                 16
               Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

               Internal DEP® Programs                                                     VIRALEZE™ demonstrated excellent protection against infection
               Starpharma’s Phase 2 clinical trial of DEP® cabazitaxel continues          with the highly transmissible SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant in a
               to recruit well with 70 patients enrolled to date. During the year,        stringent in vivo viral challenge model3. The findings of this study,
               Starpharma reported positive interim findings from the prostate            conducted at Scripps Research, are important because they
               cancer cohort of this trial, where 100% of patients1 treated with          indicate, even when VIRALEZE™ is only used after exposure to
               DEP® cabazitaxel demonstrated one or more efficacy signals.                virus, it still has potential to provide significant benefit. Further,
               Starpharma’s DEP® cabazitaxel Phase 2 trial continues                      these in vivo findings build on the in vitro findings reported by
               recruitment of patients with ovarian and gastroesophageal                  Starpharma earlier in the financial year, which showed that
               cancers, following observation of encouraging efficacy signals in          VIRALEZE™ achieved the maximal possible reduction of virus




For personal use only
               these tumour types, thereby expanding the market potential for             infectivity against the Omicron variant of SARS-CoV-2 in
               DEP® cabazitaxel. A US patent was also issued for DEP®                     laboratory-based antiviral and virucidal assays.
               cabazitaxel during FY22.                                                   VIRALEZE™ also demonstrated highly protective effects against
               The DEP® irinotecan Phase 2 clinical trial continues to progress           SARS-CoV-2 (Washington strain) in a humanised mouse
               well, with 83 patients now enrolled. Efficacy signals such as              challenge model of coronavirus infection. The results of this study
               prolonged tumour shrinkage and reductions in tumour markers                were published in the international, peer-reviewed journal, Viruses,
               have been observed in multiple tumour types, including colorectal,         in a special edition titled, Medical Interventions for Treatment and
               breast, ovarian, pancreatic, lung, and oesophageal cancers.                Prevention of SARS-CoV-2 Infections4.
               Starpharma is finalising preparations for the commencement of a            VIRALEZE™ achieved more than 99.99% reduction of the highly
               combination arm for DEP® irinotecan in combination with 5-FU +             infectious Delta variant of SARS-CoV-2 in laboratory-based
               Leucovorin (‘FOLFIRI’, a commonly used combination treatment               virucidal assays conducted at Scripps Research.
               regimen in colorectal cancer) to run in parallel with the ongoing
               monotherapy study. The combination arm is expected to                      The broad-spectrum activity of VIRALEZE™ was further
               commence shortly at sites in the UK and Australia.                         demonstrated with impressive results for SPL7013, in
                                                                                          VIRALEZE™, against influenza A and B. SPL7013 achieved more
               The clinical program for DEP® docetaxel has enrolled 72 patients           than 90% reduction in viral infectivity of both influenza A and B
               to date across the monotherapy and combination arms.                       viruses within one minute. SPL7013 also demonstrated irreversible
               Encouraging efficacy signals such as prolonged stable disease              virucidal properties against both types of influenza virus and
               and significant tumour shrinkage have been observed in heavily             outperformed other antiviral agents used in marketed nasal sprays.
               pre-treated patients with lung, pancreatic, oesophageal,
               cholangiocarcinoma and gastric cancers.                                    Starpharma also reported the results of its VIRALEZE™ clinical
                                                                                          safety study, with the product shown to be safe and well tolerated
               Manufacture of DEP gemcitabine product is now complete in
                                     ®
                                                                                          when administered nasally. SPL7013, the antiviral agent in
               readiness for Starpharma to commence a Phase 1/2 clinical trial,           VIRALEZE™, was not absorbed in the bloodstream following nasal
               with planned clinical trial sites in the UK and Australia.                 application.
               Preparations for trial commencement are well advanced, with the
               clinical research organisation (CRO) and site selection processes,         VIRALEZE™ is registered in more than 30 countries and is
               regulatory and ethics preparations nearing completion.                     available in pharmacies, retail outlets and online in a number of
                                                                                          countries. Sales of VIRALEZE™ have significantly increased in
               Starpharma also continues to deepen its pipeline of DEP® assets            FY22.
               by actively progressing a number of its own internal programs in
               areas including DEP® radiotheranostics and DEP® ADCs.                      Starpharma continued to pursue registration and
                                                                                          commercialisation for VIRALEZE™ in multiple other countries, with
               Marketed Products                                                          regulatory submissions in progress and active commercial
                                                                                          discussions underway. In Australia, the review by the TGA for the
               VIRALEZE™ Nasal Spray                                                      nasal spray application as a medical device is ongoing.
               VIRALEZE™ nasal spray was relaunched in the UK through                     VivaGel® BV and VivaGel® condom
               LloydsPharmacy, one of the largest pharmacy groups in the UK
               with ~1,400 stores. LloydsPharmacy’s affiliated wholesale arm,             VivaGel® BV is registered in more than 45 countries and is sold
               AAH, is also one of the largest pharmaceutical wholesalers in the          under different brand names in the UK, Europe, Southeast Asia,
               UK, supplying over 14,000 independent pharmacies.                          South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. Regulatory approvals for
                                                                                          VivaGel® BV were achieved in Bahrain and Qatar and pre-launch
               VIRALEZE™ was registered and launched in Vietnam in                        marketing activities have commenced. Starpharma’s marketing
               December 2021. Several launch events were held across Vietnam              partner, Mundipharma is also progressing further launches of
               and attended by clinicians, healthcare professionals, politicians,         VivaGel® BV in Asia. Starpharma continues to support
               and media networks.                                                        Mundipharma and pursue registrations for VivaGel ® BV in various
                                                                                          other countries, including in Asia, the Middle East and Africa.
               Following the signing of a sales and distribution agreement for
               VIRALEZE™ in Italy with leading pharmaceutical retail and                  An important publication for VivaGel® BV was achieved in the
               wholesale distribution company, ADMENTA Italia Group,                      highly regarded peer-reviewed European journal, Archives of
               VIRALEZE™ was launched through ADMENTA’s LloydsFarmacia.                   Gynecology & Obstetrics. The publication highlights the significant
               ADMENTA’s LloydsFarmacia comprises ~260 retail pharmacies                  unmet need for new treatment and prevention options in bacterial
               and an online platform.                                                    vaginosis (BV), and the role that Starpharma’s VivaGel® BV can
                                                                                          play in addressing that need. This publication will support
               VIRALEZE™ was registered in Saudi Arabia in December 2021                  marketing activities and importantly, the inclusion of the product in
               and Starpharma subsequently signed a sales and distribution                clinical management guidelines for BV.
               agreement for VIRALEZE™ with Etqan & Nazahah Company
               (E&N) for nine countries in the Middle East, including Saudi               Starpharma’s partner, Okamoto, launched a new VivaGel® condom
               Arabia.                                                                    range in Japan, under the brand name Pure Marguerite, targeting
                                                                                          younger demographics. The range is being distributed through
               During the year, Starpharma continued its scientific collaboration         major retail chains in Japan. Okamoto has also commenced
               with The Scripps Research Institute, to test VIRALEZE™ and                 regulatory processes for the VivaGel® condom in additional
               SPL7013 against a range of respiratory viruses, including multiple         countries in Asia.
               variants of SARS-CoV-22 (Omicron and Delta) and influenza.


               1
                 Assessed for efficacy
               2
                 SARS-CoV-2 is the virus that causes COVID-19                             4
                                                                                            Paull, J.R.A. et al. Protective Effects of Astodrimer Sodium 1% Nasal
               3
                 The study used the K18-hACE2 mouse model, which is an in vivo            Spray Formulation against SARS-CoV-2 Nasal Challenge in K18-hACE2
               humanised mouse model that expresses the human angiotensin converting      Mice (2021) Viruses. https://doi.org/10.3390/v13081656
               enzyme (hACE2) receptor, the receptor used by SARS-CoV-2 to infect cells
               in the human nasal cavity and respiratory tract.
                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    17

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                       17
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Corporate                                                                   Review of Financials
              Ms Lynda Cheng was appointed as an independent non-executive
              director on 1 August 2021. Ms Cheng has more than 25 years of                                                  30 June 2022      30 June 2021
              experience as a finance executive including more than 15 years at           Income statement                          $’000             $’000
              Visy Industries/Pratt Holdings and 10 years in investment banking.
                                                                                          Revenue                                     4,899             2,151
              Dr Jeff Davies, former CSL executive, was appointed as an
              independent non-executive director on 1 April 2022, bringing over           Cost of goods sold                         (2,776)             (791)
              35 years of biopharmaceutical industry experience to Starpharma’s
                                                                                          Other income                                  263             1,336




For personal use only
              Board. Dr Davies previously held senior roles at CSL, including
              Executive Vice President & General Manager at CSL for the Asia-             Research and product
              Pacific region, and Global Head of Plasma Product Research and              development expense                      (11,680)          (15,075)
              Development at CSL-Behring, Switzerland.
                                                                                          Commercial and regulatory
              Mr Peter Turvey resigned as a non-executive director of                     operating expense                          (3,568)           (3,336)
              Starpharma on 29 July 2021, due to ill health.
                                                                                          Corporate, administration
              Starpharma participated in a number of international conferences            and finance expense                        (3,292)           (4,017)
              during the year, including American Society of Clinical Oncology
              (ASCO), BIO International, the Novel Format Conjugates Summit               Loss for the period                      (16,154)          (19,732)
              and the Partnership Opportunities in Drug Delivery (PODD)
              conference.
                                                                                          Income statement
              COVID-19 pandemic                                                           The reported loss for the period was $16,154,000 (2021:
              During the year, Starpharma’s laboratory and internal operations            $19,732,000).
              continued to operate under a COVID safe plan, with minimal
              disruption. Starpharma’s partners for VivaGel® BV have                      Revenue for the year was up 128% to $4,899,000 (2021:
              experienced some disruption to sales and marketing activities due           $2,151,000), comprising $4,682,000 (2021: $1,798,000) for
              to COVID-19, and in the US, where a formal FDA review process               product sales, royalty, and research revenue from commercial
              is ongoing, COVID-19 has impacted that review process and                   partners, and interest income of $217,000 (2021: $353,000).
              associated activities. Recruitment and treatment continued in all           Revenue received from commercial partners during the year were
              DEP® clinical trials during the period, however the impact of               predominately product sales and royalties from VIRALEZE™ and
              COVID-19 in the UK, where DEP® trials are taking place, has had             VivaGel® products, with VIRALEZE™ sales to Vietnam a major
              an effect on the programs depending on site-specific factors                contributor to revenue for the year.
              including the trial site location and type of hospital.
                                                                                          Other income of $263,000 (2021: $1,336,000) represents
                                                                                          $263,000 (2021: $877,000) of grant funding received from the
              Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year                         Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF) to expedite development
              No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2022                  and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™.
              through the date of this report that have significantly affected, or
              may significantly affect:                                                   Research and product development expense of $11,680,000
              (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years, or      (2021: $15,075,000) includes the costs of the internal DEP® drug
              (b) the results of those operations in future financial years, or           delivery programs including DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel,
              (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.   and DEP® irinotecan, and certain VIRALEZE™ development
                                                                                          related expenditure. The expenditure was lower in the current year
                                                                                          on reduced clinical trial expenditure for the internally funded DEP®
              Strategy, future developments and prospects                                 programs, and VIRALEZE™ development costs. A contra research
              Starpharma aims to create value for its shareholders through the            and development expense of $7,261,000 (2021: $7,248,000) has
              clinical development and commercial exploitation of its proprietary         been recognised for activities eligible under the Australian
              products based on its patented dendrimer technology in                      Government’s Research and Development Tax Incentive program.
              pharmaceutical and healthcare applications. The company’s key
              focus is to advance and broaden its product pipeline, including             Commercial and regulatory operating expense includes the
              internal and partnered DEP® programs and to advance commercial              expenditure related to the commercialisation of VivaGel®,
              opportunities for VivaGel® and VIRALEZE™. Starpharma intends                VIRALEZE™ and the DEP® portfolio, including business
              to achieve this by continuing to utilise a combination of internally        development, marketing, regulatory, supply chain and quality
              funded and partnered programs across its dendrimer portfolio. The           assurance activities.
              company commercialises its development pipeline with corporate
              partners via licencing and sales and distribution agreements at             Corporate, administration and finance expense includes corporate
              various stages in a product’s development lifecycle; depending on           costs, as well as gains/losses on foreign currency held. There was
              the product, patent opportunity, a partner’s commercial strategy            a decrease compared to the prior corresponding period
              and relative strength of product and market expertise, comparison           predominately reflecting a favourable foreign currency movement
              of current and future potential returns, and the risks involved in          of $940,000.
              advancing the product to the next value inflection point or
              milestone.                                                                  Balance sheet
                                                                                          At 30 June 2022 the group’s cash position was $49,918,000 (June
              Starpharma’s strategy remains consistent with previous years.               2021: $60,500,000). Trade and other receivables of $7,916,000
              Starpharma has extensive expertise, a strong intellectual property          (June 2021: $8,534,000) includes $6,747,000 (June 2021:
              portfolio, deep product portfolio, a culture and ability to innovate        $7,233,000) receivable from the Australian Government under the
              and develop its technology platform to commercial opportunities,            R&D tax incentive program. Non-current borrowings include the
              proven risk management practices, and a strong cash position.               $4,000,000 Invest Victoria R&D loan from Treasury Corporation of
              The company will continue using its cash resources and revenues             Victoria. The increase in the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
              to invest in selected research and development activities to                over the prior year represents an extension period on the premises
              achieve its objectives.                                                     lease for a further 5-year term from December 2022.

              Proceedings on behalf of the company
              No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf
              of the Company with leave of the Court under section 237 of the
              Corporations Act 2001.

               18       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                  18
              Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

              Statement of cash flows                                                            Financial – the group currently, and since inception, does not
              The net operating cash outflows for the year were $13,162,000                       receive sufficient recurrent income to cover operating
              (2021: $14,808,000). Cash inflows from financing activities for the                 expenses. Although current cash reserves are sound, there is
              year include the $4,000,000 Invest Victoria R&D loan (2021:                         no certainty that additional capital funding may not be
              $46,931,000, includes net proceeds from an equity placement and                     required in the future, and no assurance can be given that
              share purchase plan).                                                               such funding will be available, if required.
                                                                                                  Intellectual property (IP) – commercial success requires the
              Earnings Per Share                                                                  ability to develop, obtain and maintain commercially valuable
                                                                                                  patents, trade secrets and confidential information. Securing,




For personal use only
                                                                  2022           2021             defending and maintaining IP across multiple countries and
              Basic & diluted earnings/(loss) per                                                 preventing the infringement of the group’s exclusive rights
                                                                 ($0.04)        ($0.05)           involves management of complex legal, scientific and factual
              share
                                                                                                  issues. The company must also operate without infringing
                                                                                                  upon the IP of others.

              Risk Management                                                                    Commercialisation – the company predominately relies, and
                                                                                                  intends to largely rely, upon corporate partners to market,
              The group is subject to business risks typical of companies                         distribute and in some cases finalise development and
              operating in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors at the                    registration of its products, on its behalf. There are risks in
              development and early commercialisation phase. Any investment                       establishing and maintaining these relationships, and with the
              in these sectors is considered high-risk. Company management                        manner in which partners execute on these agreements.
              has implemented a risk management and internal control system                      Product manufacturing and supply – the company is required
              in order to manage the group’s material business risks.                             to manufacture and supply product under certain licencing
                                                                                                  and distribution agreements, and under highly stringent
              The company’s risk management system is comprised of four                           quality and regulatory requirements. The manufacture of
              steps; 1) risk identification, 2) analysis, 3) implementation of                    product is undertaken by specialist, regulatory approved, third
              mitigation controls & actions and 4) monitoring & reporting of                      party contract manufacturing organisations experienced in the
              identified risks.                                                                   sector. There is a risk of quality/failure of manufacture and a
                                                                                                  risk that supply chain disruptions lead to manufacturing and
                                                                                                  supply delays/interruptions which could impact profitability
                                                                                                  and/or damage relationships with partners. Further, changes
                                                                                                  in economic circumstances may increase the cost and
                                                                                                  availability of product, negatively impacting the business.
                                                                                                 Product acceptance and competitiveness – a developed
                                                                                                  product may not be considered by key opinion leaders (eg.
                                                                                                  doctors), reimbursement authorities (eg. Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                  Benefits Scheme listing) or the end customer to be an
                                                                                                  effective alternative to products already on market, or other
                                                                                                  products may be preferred.
                                                                                                 Product liability – a claim or product recall may significantly
                                                                                                  impact the company. Insurance, at an acceptable cost, may
                                                                                                  not be available or be adequate to cover liability claims or any
                                                                                                  product recall costs (if any) if a product is found to be unsafe.
                                                                                                 Key personnel – the company’s success and achievements
                                                                                                  against timelines depend on key members of its highly
                                                                                                  qualified, specialised and experienced management and
                                                                                                  scientific teams. The ability to retain and attract such
                                                                                                  personnel is important.
              The Audit & Risk Committee, on behalf of the Board, monitors the
              risk management system to ensure it is operating effectively and                   Grant and R&D incentives – the company may undertake
              receives reports on material risks. The material and specific risks                 R&D activities part-funded by incentive programs (eg. R&D
              of the industry sector and the group identified through the                         tax incentive) and under other competitive grants. There is no
              company’s risk management system include, but are not limited to:                   certainty that grants or incentive programs will continue to be
                                                                                                  available to the company, and changes in government policy
                       Scientific, technical and clinical – product development                  may reduce their applicability.
                        requires a high level of scientific rigour, the outcomes of
                        which cannot be known beforehand. Activities are                         Cyber security and data protection – the company recognises
                        experimental in nature, so the risk of failure, unexpected                the increasing risk associated with cyber security and the
                        outcomes or delay is both material. Key development                       potential impact on business operations.
                        activities, including clinical trials, are undertaken by specialist      Environment and climate change impact – the company
                        contract research organisations; and there are risks in                   continues to identify and manage any material risks and
                        designing and completing those activities, including managing             opportunities presented by a changing global climate.
                        the quality and timelines of these activities.                            Currently the impact of climate change has been assessed to
                       Regulatory – company products and their testing may not be                not be a material risk on the company’s business activities.
                        approved, or may be delayed, amended or withdrawn, by                     The company is committed to reducing and minimising its
                        regulatory bodies (e.g. US Food and Drug Administration)                  environmental impact across the business and value chain to
                        whose approvals are necessary before products can be sold                 support more sustainable operations and to improve human
                        in market. Changes in the regulatory environment may also                 health.
                        impact product development and commercialisation. Breach
                        of regulations, local or international law, or industry codes of      In accordance with good business practice in the pharmaceutical
                        conduct may subject the company to financial penalty and              industry, the group’s management actively and routinely employs a
                        reputational damage.                                                  variety of risk management strategies. These are broadly
                                                                                              described in the Corporate Governance Statement (section 7.2
                                                                                              Risk assessment and management).




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   19

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                         19
               Directors’ Report Operating & Financial Review

               Health and Safety                                                      Meetings of Directors
               The Board, Chief Executive Officer and senior management team          The number of meetings of the company’s Board of Directors and
               of the group are committed to providing and maintaining a safe         of each committee held during the year ended 30 June 2022, and
               and healthy working environment for the company’s employees            the numbers of meetings attended by each director were:
               and anyone entering its premises or with connections to the
               company’s business operations. Employees are encouraged to                                                                                 Remuneration
               actively participate in the management of occupational health and                                                  Audit & Risk            & Nomination
               safety (OH&S) issues. The company has adopted an OH&S policy             Directors                Board             Committee               Committee




For personal use only
               and has an established OH&S Committee as part of its overall
               approach to workplace safety. The OH&S Committee provides a              R B Thomas              11 of 11               2 of 2                   5 of 5
               forum for management and employees to consult on health and
               safety matters. The primary role of the OH&S Committee is to             J K Fairley             11 of 11                N/A                      N/A
               coordinate the development and implementation of OH&S policy
               and procedures, to consider any work-related safety matters or
               incidents, and to ensure compliance with relevant legislation and        P R Turvey1               0 of 2               0 of 0                   0 of 2
               guidelines. The committee includes representatives of
               management, and employees from each operational area                     Z Peach                 11 of 11               2 of 2                   5 of 5
               generally in proportion to the number of people working in the area
               and the perceived safety risks associated with working in that area.
                                                                                        D J McIntyre            11 of 11               2 of 2                    N/A
               The OH&S Committee meets on a regular basis over the year.
               Updates on OH&S matters are provided at Board meetings.                  L Cheng2                  9 of 9               2 of 2                   3 of 3
               Additional OH&S practices were implemented and monitored since
               the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, under the guidance of            J R Davies3               2 of 2                N/A                     1 of 1
               a specific COVID-19 management response team. Measures
               implemented include working from home and social distancing
               requirements.                                                          The table above illustrates the number of meetings attended
                                                                                      compared with the number of meetings held during the period that
               Environment and Regulation                                             the director held office or was a member of the committee. “N/A”
                                                                                      denotes that the director is not a member of the relevant
               The group is subject to environmental regulations and other            committee.
               licenses in respect of its research and development facilities and
               there are adequate systems in place to ensure compliance with          1 P R Turvey was granted a special leave of absence during the year for health reasons.

               relevant Federal, State and Local environmental regulations. The        P R Turvey resigned as a non-executive director on 29 July 2021.
                                                                                      2 L Cheng was appointed as a non-executive director on 1 August 2021.
               Board is not aware of any breach of applicable environmental           3 J R Davies was appointed as a non-executive director on 1 April 2022.
               regulations by the group. There were no significant changes in
               laws or regulations during the 2022 financial year or since the end
               of the year affecting the business activities of the group, and the
               Board is not aware of any such changes in the near future.




               20       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                              20
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              The remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2022 sets out remuneration information for non-executive directors, executive directors and
              other key management personnel of the group. The remuneration report is presented under the following sections:

                        1.   Introduction, including impact of COVID-19 on remuneration
                        2.   Remuneration governance
                        3.   Non-executive director remuneration policy
                        4.   Executive remuneration policy
                                  a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
                                  b) Remuneration principles and strategy




For personal use only
                                  c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
                                  d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY22
                        5.   Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
                        6.   Details of remuneration
                        7.   Executive employment agreements
                        8.   Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes

              1. Introduction

              Remuneration strategy
              Starpharma aims to ensure that its remuneration strategy aligns the interests of its executives and employees with those of its shareholders. In
              framing its remuneration strategy, the Board is conscious that Starpharma only has a small number of employees (~50) so endeavours to keep
              its remuneration relatively straightforward. Starpharma’s staff are required to have specialist knowledge and experience allowing them to
              develop products over the medium to long-term. The fact that Starpharma operates in a global pharmaceutical industry environment also
              influences its remuneration strategy.

              The structure of remuneration comprises fixed remuneration, short-term incentives (“STI”) in both cash and equity, and equity based long-term
              incentives (“LTI”). Starpharma’s remuneration structure is transparent and based on Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) which are designed to
              align with the interests of shareholders and to reward performance across multi-year timeframes related to product development value-adding
              milestones. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events and circumstances not envisaged.

              The remuneration and nominations committee and Board explicitly considered the FY22 share price underperformance in determining the STI
              cash bonus and STI deferred equity incentives for FY22, and in setting appropriate remuneration for directors and executives for the forward
              year.

              Impact of COVID-19 on remuneration
              In the course of assessing the CEO and Executive’s achievement of long term Corporate KPIs for the three-year period to 30 June 2022, the
              Board identified specific areas where performance measures required minor amendment to take account of unforeseen circumstances and new
              opportunities, which arose as a result of COVID-19 and the persistent conditions, and as such, determined to use its discretion to adjust for
              appropriate outcomes. The circumstances include the unforeseen development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™ nasal spray as well as
              the impact on clinical timelines of pauses or delays to patient recruitment of the DEP® and potential VivaGel® BV clinical trials due to COVID-19
              and the associated impact on partnering opportunities. The Board carefully exercised independent judgement and discretion in relation to these
              specific long term KPIs to ensure that the remuneration outcomes appropriately reflect the overall performance of Starpharma during the period,
              to align with the experience of shareholders while also taking into consideration the unforeseen impacts and opportunities created by the global
              pandemic.

              Key management personnel
              The remuneration report details the remuneration arrangements for key management personnel (“KMP”) who are defined as those persons
              having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the group, directly or indirectly including any
              director (whether executive or otherwise) of the parent.

              The table below outlines the KMP of the group during the financial year ended 30 June 2022. The individuals were KMP for the entire financial
              year, except where indicated in the table below. For the purposes of this report, the term “KMP executives” includes the executive director and
              other KMP executives of the group. “Other KMP executives” refers to KMP executives excluding the CEO. Profiles for each of the directors and
              company secretary can be found at the beginning of the Directors’ Report.



              (i) Non-executive directors                                                       (ii) Executive director
              R B Thomas               Non-executive Chairman                                                        Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director
                                                                                                J K Fairley
                                                                                                                     (CEO)
                                       Non-executive Director (Deputy Chairman),
              P R Turvey
                                       resigned 29 July 2021
                                                                                               (iii) Other KMP executives
              Z Peach                  Non-executive Director
                                                                                               N J Baade             Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary
              D J McIntyre             Non-executive Director
                                       Non-executive Director,                                 A Eglezos             VP, Business Development
              L Cheng
                                       appointed 1 August 2021                                 D J Owen              VP, Research, resigned 6 May 2022
                                       Non-executive Director,
              J R Davies                                                                       J R Paull             VP, Development & Regulatory Affairs
                                       appointed 1 April 2022




                                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    21
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                            21
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report
               2. Remuneration governance
               The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, consisting of at least three independent non-executive directors, advises the Board on
               remuneration policies and practices generally, and makes specific recommendations on remuneration packages and other terms of employment
               for non-executive directors, KMP executives and other senior executives. Where required, external remuneration advice may be sought by the
               Remuneration and Nomination Committee or the Board.

               Specifically, the Board approves the remuneration arrangements of the CEO including awards made under the STI and LTI plans, following
               recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The Board approves, having regard to recommendations made by the
               CEO to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the level of remuneration, including STI and LTI awards, for executives. The Board also




For personal use only
               sets the aggregate fee pool for non-executive directors (which is subject to shareholder approval) and non-executive director fee levels.

               The company’s remuneration structure aims to:
                       Attract and retain exceptional people to lead and manage the group and to support internal development of executive talent within the
                        group, recognising that Starpharma is operating in a competitive global pharmaceutical industry environment;
                       Drive sustainable growth and returns to shareholders, as executives are set both short-term and long-term performance targets which are
                        linked to the core activities necessary to build competitive advantages and shareholder value;
                       Motivate and reward superior performance by the executive team whilst aligning performance elements/KPIs to the interests of
                        shareholders; and
                       Create a respectful culture based on superior performance and innovation through appropriately structured individual assessments.

               Benchmarking
               Extensive salary and remuneration benchmarking is undertaken by Starpharma each year for executive and non-executive positions.
               Starpharma benchmarks fixed and total remuneration against employment positions of comparable specialisation, size and responsibility within
               the industry. Fixed remuneration is supplemented by providing incentives (variable remuneration) to reward superior performance.

               Performance reviews
               At the beginning of a performance period all staff have KPIs set, specific to their role. At the conclusion of the performance period a
               performance review against these KPIs is conducted and this feeds into the annual salary review process. The performance reviews consider
               behavioural and cultural aspects of performance, as well as objective planning and professional and personal development. The objective of the
               salary review is to ensure that all employees are appropriately remunerated based on performance, that remuneration is competitive within the
               relevant industry sector, and that increases in employees’ skills and responsibilities are recognised. During the year a performance review of all
               staff took place in accordance with this process. As part of the process, each employee’s performance is assessed against their pre-agreed
               individual KPIs and/or business unit performance and corporate KPIs and this assessment determines, subject to business considerations such
               as cash availability, if an incentive award is payable, and if so, at what level.

               Use of remuneration consultants
               If remuneration consultants are to be engaged to provide remuneration recommendations as defined in section 9B of the Corporations Act 2001,
               they are to be engaged by, and report directly to, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. No remuneration consultants have been
               engaged to provide such remuneration services during the financial year.

               Voting at the company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting (AGM)
               Of the votes cast on the company’s remuneration report for the 2021 financial year, over 92% were in favour of the resolution.

               As part of the group’s commitment to continuous improvement, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board consider
               comments made by shareholders and proxy advisers in respect of remuneration related issues. Members of the Remuneration and Nomination
               Committee routinely engage with proxy advisors to discuss a range of governance and remuneration matters.




               22   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                 22
               Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               Starpharma remuneration process summary




                                                                                      BOARD
                          Has overall responsibility for oversight of Starpharma’s remuneration policy and its principles and processes, and ensures
                          appropriate benchmarking and the group’s ability to pay are considered in remuneration related decision making.

                          Following recommendations from the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Board considers and approves:




For personal use only
                                   Starpharma’s executive remuneration policy;
                                   The remuneration packages of the CEO and other senior executives;
                                   The ‘at-risk’ components of executive remuneration packages, including the structure and operation of equity based
                                    plans; and
                                   The remuneration of non-executive directors.




                                   Oversee
                                      &
                                   Approve                     Inform &
                                                                Recom-
                                                                 mend                                                         REMUNERATION
                                                                                                                           CONSULTANTS & OTHER
                                                                                                                            EXTERNAL ADVISORS
                             REMUNERATION & NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                                         Where required, support the
                                                                                               Support & Advise          Remuneration and Nomination
                           Reviews and recommends the following to the Board:                                            Committee by providing
                                   Starpharma’s executive remuneration                                                  independent advice on matters
                                    policies;                                                                            including:
                                   Specific remuneration recommendations for                                                 Benchmarking data;
                                    the CEO and other senior executives;                                                      Legal and regulatory
                                   Remuneration for non-executive directors;                                                  advice on remuneration
                                   Design of incentive plans; and                        Engage & Oversee                     related issues for directors
                                   Impacts of external market factors.                                                        and executives; and
                                                                                                                              Advice on incentive plans.



                                Oversee
                                   &
                                Approve                       Inform &
                                                               Recom-
                                                                mend


                                                   CEO

                          Reviews and recommends remuneration
                          arrangements and outcomes of performance
                          assessments to the Remuneration and Nomination
                          Committee for senior executives.




               Further information on the Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s role, responsibilities and membership is outlined in the charter available
               at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

               Trading in company securities
               The trading of shares issued to participants under any of the company’s employee equity plans is governed by the company’s securities dealing
               policy. All employees and directors are prohibited from entering into any hedging arrangements over unvested securities and from margin
               lending on Starpharma securities. Further information regarding the company’s dealing in securities policy is set out in the Corporate
               Governance Statement and the policy is available at http://www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.

               Clawback of remuneration
               In the reasonable opinion of the Board, if a KMP executive has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may determine that any equity right
               (including an exercisable, vested right) should lapse.




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   23
               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      23
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report
               3. Non-executive director remuneration policy
               Determination of fees and the maximum aggregate fee pool
               The Board seeks to set non-executive directors’ fees at a level which provides the group with the ability to attract and retain non-executive
               directors of the highest calibre with relevant professional expertise. The fees also reflect the demands which are made on, and the
               responsibilities of, the non-executive directors, whilst incurring a cost which is acceptable to shareholders.

              Non-executive directors’ fees and the aggregate fee pool are reviewed annually by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee against fees
              paid to non-executive directors in a group of comparable peer companies within the biotechnology sector and relevant companies in the broader
              ASX-listed market. The Chairman’s fees are determined by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee independently of the fees of non-




For personal use only
              executive directors based on the same role, again using benchmarking data from comparable companies in the biotechnology sector. The
              Board is ultimately responsible for approving any changes to non-executive director fees, upon consideration of recommendations put forward
              by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

              The company’s constitution and the ASX listing rules specify that the non-executive directors’ maximum aggregate fee pool shall be determined
              from time to time by a general meeting of shareholders. The latest determination was at the AGM held on 20 November 2014 when
              shareholders approved an aggregate fee pool of $550,000. The Board will not seek any increase in the non-executive directors’ maximum fee
              pool at the 2022 AGM.

              Fee policy
              Non-executive directors’ fees consist of base fees and committee fees. The payment of committee fees recognises the additional time,
              responsibility and commitment required by non-executive directors who serve on board committees. The Chairman of the Board is a member of
              all committees but does not receive any committee fees in addition to his base fee.

              Non-executive directors did not receive bonuses or forms of equity securities, or any performance-related remuneration during the financial
              year. Statutory superannuation contributions are required under the Australian superannuation guarantee legislation to be paid on any fees paid
              to Australian directors. There are no retirement allowances paid to non-executive directors. The non-executive directors’ fees reported below
              include any statutory superannuation contributions.

              Fees paid in FY22
              The aggregate amount paid to non-executive directors for the year ended 30 June 2022 was $399,699 (2021: $396,902). In FY21, the Chair
              base fee increased $5,000 to $134,000 (reverting back to the FY20 level), with the base director fees increasing by $2,000 to $70,000 for non-
              executive directors. Committee chair and member fees increased $500 to $11,000 for the committee chair and $5,000 for a committee member.
              The details of remuneration for each non-executive director for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 are outlined in the tables in
              section 6.

               Proposed fee adjustments for FY23
               From 1 July 2022, there is no proposed change in non-executive director fees which remain at the lower end of benchmarks, as outlined in the
               table below.

                                                                                                                            Proposed Fees        Actual Fees to
               Annual Non-Executive Directors’ Fees                                                                       from 1 July 2022        30 June 2022
               Board fees                                                                                                                  $                      $

               Chair (no additional fees for serving on Board committees)                                                           134,000              134,000
               Deputy Chair                                                                                                          73,000               73,000
               Base fee for other non-executive directors                                                                            70,000               70,000

               Committee fees
               Audit and Risk Committee                                                          Chair                               11,000               11,000
                                                                                                 Member                                5,000               5,000
               Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                             Chair                               11,000               11,000
                                                                                                 Member                                5,000               5,000


               4. Executive remuneration policy
               a) Approach to setting and reviewing remuneration
               The group aims to reward executives with a level and mix of remuneration appropriate to their position, skills, experience and responsibilities,
               whilst being market competitive and enabling the company to retain staff whilst structuring awards which conserve cash reserves.

               The Remuneration and Nomination Committee, together with the Board, actively reviews the group’s remuneration structure, and benchmarks
               the overall package and proportion of fixed remuneration, short-term incentives and long-term incentives against relevant industry comparators
               to ensure the policy objectives are met and are in-line with good corporate practice for Starpharma’s size, industry and stage of development.
               Remuneration levels are considered annually through the remuneration review, which considers industry benchmarks and the performance of
               the group and the individual. Other factors taken into account in determining remuneration include a demonstrated record of performance and
               the group’s ability to pay. In the case of executives, the CEO provides recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.

              Starpharma undertakes remuneration benchmarking each year with reference to multiple industry peers, together with, where appropriate, other
              benchmarking reports which apply to specific positions. A group of peer companies from within the pharma/biotechnology sector are included in
              the benchmarking exercise. In the benchmarking conducted, for FY22, the peer companies included Antara Lifesciences, Amplia Therapeutics,
              Bionomics, Clinuvel, Immutep, Impedimed, Imugene, Mayne Pharma, Medical Developments International, Mesoblast, Monash IVF,
              Nanosonics, Pharmaxis, Polynovo, Opthea, Telix, and Virtus Health. Starpharma typically reviews and develops this benchmark list of peer
              companies annually to add and remove companies based on their current operations; their size; market capitalisation; and the complexity of
              their business. For some executive roles it may be necessary to add or modify the composition of the peer group to ensure comparable roles are
              benchmarked.
               24
               Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                                                                  24
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report
              In reviewing the benchmarking data and determining the level of CEO pay, the Board considers the experience and calibre of its CEO in
              comparison to Starpharma’s industry peers, ensuring that remuneration is commensurate with talent, skills and experience. There are no
              guaranteed base pay increases or bonuses in any executive contracts.

              The CEO has a maximum cash bonus entitlement as a component of STI, which for FY22 was $256,769, representing a target of 15% of total
              remuneration. Other executives do not have a pre-specified maximum cash bonus entitlement; however, bonuses are awarded from a target
              shared pool for executives as a percentage of total fixed remuneration, based on personal and business unit KPIs and subject to cash
              availability. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee considers that this approach provides flexibility in rewarding superior executive
              performance and is appropriate for the size of the company at this time, enabling it to manage its cash reserves as required. For FY22, the STI
              target cash bonus pool for other KMP executives was 26% of fixed remuneration to align with the strategy to balance the STI ‘at risk’ portions of




For personal use only
              remuneration for other KMP executives between cash and equity.

              b) Remuneration principles and strategy
              The group’s executive remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals and align the interests of
              executives with shareholders, recognising it is operating in the international pharmaceutical industry, and is summarised below.


                                                               Remuneration strategy linkages to group objectives

                   Align the interests of executives with shareholders                  Attract, motivate and retain high performing individuals
                       The remuneration framework incorporates “at risk”                   The remuneration offering is competitive for companies of similar
                        components, which are determined by performance, through             size and complexity within the industry through benchmarking
                        STI and LTI
                                                                                            The mix of short and longer-term remuneration encourages
                       Performance is assessed against a suite of measures                  retention and performance across multiple years as appropriate
                        relevant to the success of the group and generating growth           for the lifecycle of the group
                        and returns for shareholders




                   Component                         Vehicle                          Purpose                               Link to Performance

                   Fixed remuneration                Base salary, superannuation      To provide competitive fixed          Group and individual performance
                                                     contributions and other          remuneration set with reference       are considered during the annual
                                                     benefits (breakdown of fixed     to the role, market and               remuneration review.
                                                     remuneration is at the           experience.
                                                     executive’s discretion).

                   Short-Term Incentives (STI)       Cash and equity                  Rewards executives for their          Allocation of cash bonuses and
                                                                                      contribution to achievement of        vesting of equity linked to internal
                   (Performance period of less       The equity instrument is         business outcomes. Deferred           KPIs, both business unit and
                   than 3 years)                     currently performance rights,    equity acts as a retention tool       corporate, over the medium term
                                                     which is based on a              and aligns with interests of          which are important drivers of value
                                                     performance assessment, with     shareholders.                         and typical within the biotechnology
                                                     a one year performance                                                 industry. For example, achievement
                                                     period and deferred vesting of                                         of specified development, clinical,
                                                     a further one year, subject to                                         regulatory and commercial
                                                     continued employment.                                                  milestones.

                   Long-Term Incentives (LTI)        Equity                           Rewards executives for their          Vesting of grants are dependent on
                                                                                      contribution to the creation of       internal measures, both business
                   (Performance period of            The equity instrument is         shareholder value over the            unit and corporate over the longer
                   3 years or more)                  currently performance rights     longer term, acts as a retention      term; and total shareholder return
                                                     with a 3-year performance        tool and aligns with interests of     (TSR) relative to the S&P/ASX300
                                                     period.                          shareholders.                         Index.


              The target remuneration mix is outlined in the diagrams below.

              Target Remuneration Mix




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    25
                                                                                                                                                                      25
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

               4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)
               The STI and LTI components of remuneration are variable and are linked to pre-determined performance conditions, such as KPIs, that are
               designed to reward executives based on the company’s performance, the performance of the relevant business unit and demonstrated
               individual superior performance. The details are outlined on pages 26 to 29 of this report.

               To achieve the target remuneration mix, the below performance pay structure was adopted in FY22 and is consistent with the prior years,
               except in FY21 there was additional STI equity awarded related to FY20 performance as no cash bonuses were awarded to KMP executives for
               the performance period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020, with STI equity awarded in lieu of cash bonuses.




For personal use only
               c) Details of executive equity incentive plans
               Starpharma Short-Term Incentives (STI) – includes cash bonus and short-term equity

               The group operates an annual STI program available to executives and awards cash and equity incentives subject to the attainment of clearly
               defined KPIs. The STI is ‘at risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving relevant KPIs.


                   Who participates?                    Executives

                   How are STIs delivered?              Cash bonus and performance rights, both based on a one year performance period, with the
                                                        performance rights conditional upon a deferred vesting date of a further one year, subject to continued
                                                        employment.
                                                        Providing some rights that vest in the short-term allows the company to preserve cash by offering
                                                        equity as a short-term incentive in addition to smaller cash bonuses. This is common practice for
                                                        companies at a similar stage of their life cycle.
                                                        During FY22 the CEO and executives were awarded STI equity with a 1 year performance period
                                                        (1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022), with a deferred vesting date of 30 June 2023 dependent on continued
                                                        employment to the vesting date.

                   What is the STI opportunity?         The STI opportunity is a target of ~25% and ~20% of total remuneration for the CEO and other KMP
                                                        executives, respectively. The CEO STI opportunity for FY22 was equal to the 25% target, comprising of
                                                        a cash component (~60%) and an equity component (~40%). The STI cash opportunity component was
                                                        equivalent to 45% of total fixed remuneration.
                                                        Other KMP executives were awarded STI equity for the 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022 performance
                                                        period based on the achievement of their pre-determined KPIs.
                                                        In FY22, other KMP executives had an average target STI opportunity of 20% of total remuneration.
                                                        The cash bonuses awarded to other KMP executives in FY22 equated to an average of 13% of total
                                                        remuneration or an average of 26% of total fixed remuneration, based on achievements in the year.




               26   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                   26
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                   What are the STI               Actual STI payments awarded to each executive depend on the extent to which they meet specific KPIs
                   performance conditions for     set at the beginning of the period. The KPIs are typical of a biotechnology company at Starpharma’s
                   FY22?                          stage of development, and may include corporate KPIs and business unit KPIs relating to strategic and
                                                  operational objectives. Details of the corporate KPIs for performance, which was assessed during FY22,
                                                  are explained in section 5 of the remuneration report. Given the company’s stage of development,
                                                  financial metrics (such as earnings per share) are not entirely relevant in linking pay to performance.
                                                  The proportion of performance measures applicable in determining STI awards for the CEO and other
                                                  executives are noted in the table below:




For personal use only
                                                                                   Corporate KPIs                      Business Units KPIs

                                                    STI cash bonus                 CEO 100%                            Other executives 100%

                                                    STI performance rights         CEO 100%                            Other executives 70%
                                                                                   Other executives 30%

                                                  Details regarding LTI performance conditions are contained on page 28.

                   How is performance             At the end of each performance period (typically annually), after consideration of actual performance
                   assessed?                      against KPIs, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends for Board approval of the
                                                  amount of STI to be paid from the maximum entitlement to the CEO.
                                                  For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee seeks
                                                  recommendations from the CEO, and then makes recommendations to the Board.

                   When is performance            The end of the financial year corresponds with the end of each performance period. Performance is
                   assessed and when are          assessed following the end of the financial year to allow for timely disclosure in the annual remuneration
                   awards paid or vest?           report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                  The STI cash component is paid approximately three months following the end of the financial year and
                                                  once the performance assessment review is complete.
                                                  For STI equity, a proportion of rights, based on the performance assessment, will remain available
                                                  (deferred) to vest on 30 June the following year. Any rights forfeited based on the performance
                                                  assessment will be forfeited within the first three months of the new financial year following the
                                                  performance assessment.
                                                  The vesting of deferred rights on 30 June is subject to the continued employment condition being
                                                  satisfied. Once vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed
                                                  exercise windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is
                                                  15 years from grant date.

                   Is performance against KPIs    Whilst the company’s policy is not to disclose commercially sensitive information, consistent with best
                   disclosed?                     practice disclosure obligations, it will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the extent
                                                  commercially practicable.
                                                  Specific metrics are applied to each KPI to assist in the assessment undertaken for each performance
                                                  period. In some cases, the Board may exercise discretion to take account of events and circumstances
                                                  not envisaged.

                   Contractual entitlement?       Only the CEO has a STI cash bonus entitlement whereby the maximum amount achievable is set. There
                                                  is no predetermined STI equity entitlement. No other executive service agreements contain any
                                                  contractual entitlement to STI cash or equity.

                   What happens if an             If an employee ceases employment, all unvested rights lapse.
                   executive leaves?              In certain circumstances the Board may determine the accelerated vesting of rights if the employee
                                                  ceases employment due to death, illness, permanent disability, redundancy or any other exceptional
                                                  circumstance approved by the Board. The Board determination is after considering theportion of the
                                                  performance period that has elapsed and the extent to which performance conditions have been met.

                   What happens on a change       Board discretion, after considering the portion of the performance period that has elapsed and the extent
                   of control?                    to which performance conditions have been met.

                   What happens in the case of    If, in the opinion of the Board, an employee has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, the Board may
                   fraud/dishonesty?              determine that any unvested right granted to that employee, or any vested right, not exercised, would
                                                  lapse.

                   Re-testing                     There is no re-testing of KPIs in subsequent years if performance conditions are not met.

                   How is the conversion of       The conversion of performance rights is currently satisfied by the issue of new shares, rather than a
                   performance rights to shares   purchase of shares on market, to conserve the company’s cash reserves. This is common practice for
                   satisfied?                     companies at a similar stage of their life cycle. This is reviewed periodically and purchases of shares on
                                                  market may be undertaken in the future if appropriate.

                   Are performance rights         Performance rights - whether unvested, or vested and not exercised, are not eligible to receive
                   eligible for dividends?        dividends.




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   27
               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      27
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report
               4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)
               Starpharma Long-Term Incentives (LTI) – Equity

               Participation in these plans is at the Board’s discretion. For key appointments, an initial allocation of long-term equity incentives may be offered
               as a component of the initial employment agreement. The LTI is ‘at-risk’ remuneration and subject to achieving the relevant KPIs.


                   Who participates?                     Executives




For personal use only
                   How are LTIs delivered?               Performance rights with a performance/vesting period of 3 years or more. The LTI performance rights
                                                         awarded during FY22 have 3 year performance periods for all executives.

                   What is the LTI opportunity?          The CEO’s LTI opportunity for FY22 was 41% of total remuneration. For other KMP executives, the LTI
                                                         opportunity for FY22 was 27% of total remuneration. As outlined in section 4 of the remuneration
                                                         report, the target LTI opportunity is 40% and 30% of total remuneration for the CEO and other KMP
                                                         executives, respectively.

                   What are the LTI performance          Corporate KPIs reflect long-term (3 year) strategic, operational and financial management objectives.
                   conditions for the performance        These relate to key value creating events and significant milestones that are linked to Starpharma’s
                   period to 30 June 2022?               business areas. For the 3-year performance period to 30 June 2022 these were:
                                                                  The monetisation of the VivaGel® and DEP® drug delivery portfolios represented by the
                                                                   generation of revenue; or value from assets sales(s); through the completion of a number of
                                                                   commercial deals that build shareholder value; and
                                                                  Optimisation of returns from VivaGel® revenue, development of new DEP® candidates and/or
                                                                   the licensing (and/or asset sales) of DEP® candidates.
                                                         Due to the commercially sensitive nature of the specific performance metrics within these KPIs,
                                                         Starpharma will retrospectively disclose achievement of corporate KPIs to the extent commercially
                                                         practicable in the annual report.
                                                         In maintaining the link between executive remuneration outcomes and the returns to shareholders,
                                                         relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) is considered a relevant performance condition in respect of
                                                         LTIs. The relative TSR hurdle reflects Starpharma’s TSR compared to the S&P/ASX300
                                                         Accumulation Index (Index), and includes share price growth, and any dividends and capital returns.
                                                         The Board has chosen this Index for the TSR comparator group as it provides an external, market-
                                                         based performance measure to which the company’s performance can be compared in relative terms.
                                                         The Index is considered appropriate as it provides a comparison of shareholder returns that is
                                                         relevant to investors, and reflects the aspiration of the company.
                                                         The Board considers that the Index is a more appropriate comparator than a customised group of
                                                         peer companies due to the inherent volatility of each of these companies, typical within the
                                                         biotechnology industry. In the past, the performance of Starpharma’s industry peers has been
                                                         particularly volatile, with a number of companies experiencing significant decreases in market
                                                         capitalisation, and a number have gone through some type of corporate activity (e.g. takeovers) or
                                                         are no longer ASX listed. Given that the relative TSR is measured over a three year period, the Index
                                                         is favoured as a more stable and appropriate comparator. Also, the published S&P/ASX 200
                                                         Healthcare Index was considered as a possible comparator, however, was determined to be
                                                         inappropriate given its concentrated composition including CSL Limited and other large service
                                                         oriented companies, such as private hospitals. Each year, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                         Committee, and the Board, review the suitability of the Index as a comparator.
                                                         To achieve the full relative TSR performance condition, Starpharma’s TSR must achieve 10% per
                                                         annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index, which is considered a realistic stretch target.

                                                         The table below sets out the percentage of performance rights that will vest depending on the
                                                         company’s TSR compared to the Index over the relevant period.


                                                          Annualised Starpharma TSR compared                 Percentage of rights subject to the relative
                                                          with the Index                                     TSR performance condition which vest

                                                          Below Index                                        0%

                                                          Equal to Index                                     50%

                                                          Between Index and Index + 9.99%                    Pro rata basis from 51% to 99%

                                                          At least 10% per annum above Index                 100%
                                                          (or ≥ 30% over 3 years)

                                                         For example, if the TSR of the Index is 10% per annum, then Starpharma would need to achieve a
                                                         TSR of 20% per annum or more for all of the relative TSR related performance rights to vest. The
                                                         above hurdle recognises the return that investors expect when investing in the biotechnology sector.
                                                         The Board considers an additional return of 10% per annum (or 30% over 3 years) above the Index to
                                                         be a realistic stretch target for all relative TSR rights to vest.




               28   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                   28
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                                                     The performance measures applicable in determining LTI awards for the CEO and other executives
                                                     and the relative proportions are noted in the table below:

                                                                                   Corporate KPIs            TSR                     Business Unit KPIs

                                                      CEO                          70%                       30%                     N/A

                                                      Other executives             15%                       15%                     70%




For personal use only
                                                     The Board considers 30% and 15% of LTI equity as the appropriate portion for relative TSR for the
                                                     CEO and other executives, respectively. In determining the percentages, the Board considered input
                                                     from investors and proxy advisers to arrive at a level that is considered meaningful as a measure of
                                                     performance, and sufficient to be relevant.
                                                     The relative TSR performance measure does not allow for a portion of the award to vest at below
                                                     median performance, which is consistent with good market practice. Additionally, the Board maintains
                                                     absolute discretion in finalising remuneration outcomes for incentive-based awards to the CEO and
                                                     other executives. The Board may exercise its discretion (either up or down) to take into account the
                                                     impacts of external market conditions outside the control of management. The Board is cognisant of
                                                     ensuring fairness and that any exercise of discretion reinforces Starpharma’s strategy and
                                                     remuneration policy. Accordingly, in the event that the Index has performed particularly poorly, the
                                                     Board may exercise its discretion to prevent excessive executive awards in years of poor shareholder
                                                     returns.

                   How is performance                At the end of each performance period, after consideration of actual performance against KPIs, the
                   assessed?                         Remuneration and Nomination Committee recommends the amount of LTIs to vest to the CEO for
                                                     approval by the Board. For executives other than the CEO, the Remuneration and Nomination
                                                     Committee seeks recommendations from the CEO, and then make recommendations to the Board.
                                                     Relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm with specialist expertise.

                   When is performance               The end of the financial year corresponds with the end of each performance period. Performance is
                   assessed and when are             assessed following the end of the financial year to allow for the timely disclosure in the annual
                   awards paid or vest?              remuneration report. This is usually within two months of the end of the financial year.
                                                     For LTI equity, the rights will vest on 30 September following the performance assessment. Once
                                                     vested, KMP executives can elect to convert vested rights into shares during prescribed exercise
                                                     windows throughout future periods. The maximum period for the exercise of vested rights is 15 years
                                                     from grant date.

                   Is performance against KPIs
                                                     Same as for STI.
                   disclosed?

                   Contractual entitlement?          There are no predetermined LTI equity entitlements.

                   What happens if an executive
                   leaves?                           Same as for STI.

                   What happens on a change of
                                                     Same as for STI.
                   control?
                   What happens in the case of
                   fraud/dishonesty?                 Same as for STI.

                   Re-testing                        Same as for STI.
                   How is the conversion of
                   performance rights to shares      Same as for STI.
                   satisfied?
                   Are performance rights eligible
                                                     Same as for STI.
                   for dividends?




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   29
               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      29
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report
               4. Executive remuneration policy (continued)
               d) Grant of equity incentives to KMP executives in FY22
               In FY22, the Board determined the number of rights granted for STI and LTI equity based on the face value of rights (see below) and the target
               remuneration mix as set out on page 25.

               Starpharma uses and reports face value for determining the allocation of equity as it provides transparency on the value of the allocations
               compared with fair value. This practice reflects the increasingly accepted view by industry that presenting remuneration equity at face value
               provides a more accurate representation of the true value of that equity and for users to understand the value of these awards.




For personal use only
              The face value of each right is based on the volume weighted average price (“VWAP”) of the company’s shares traded on the ASX over the 3-
              month period to 30 June 2021, which reflects the beginning of the performance period. The 3-month period has been determined to be the
              appropriate duration for the calculation of the VWAP as it limits any unintended consequences of short-term volatility in the company’s share
              price and is consistent with the duration used in the calculation of TSR for the relative TSR performance condition. The face value is not
              adjusted for changes (increase or decreases) in share price post 30 June, which has been the practice since 2015. The face value for each right
              was $1.7706.

              The below tables summarise the equity incentives granted in FY22:


                                                                                              Deferred STI equity                                      LTI equity
                                                   Performance Period                 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022                   1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024
                                                        Deferral Period       12 months from end of performance
                                                                                                                                                   Not applicable
                                                                                                          period
                                                           Vesting Date                              30 June 2023                            30 September 2024
                                                  Face Value per Right                  Based on 3-month VWAP to 30 June 2021 of $1.7706
                                   Method for calculating number total
                                 value of grant at face value divided by          Total value of grant at face value divided by the face value per right
                                       the face value per right of rights
                   J K Fairley              Face Value of grant                                           $174,708                                         $698,834
                   (CEO and Managing
                   Director)                Number of Rights                                                98,672                                          394,688

                                            Fair value per AASB2   #
                                                                                                          $107,795                                         $372,710
                                                                                                                                            70% Corporate KPIs
                                            Performance Conditions                           100% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                              30% relative TSR
                   J Paull                  Face Value of grant                                            $54,534                                         $218,138
                   (Other KMP
                   executives)              Number of Rights                                                30,800                                          123,200

                                            Fair value per AASB2†                                          $35,124                                         $130,961
                                                                                          70% Business Unit KPIs                         70% Business Unit KPIs
                                            Performance Conditions                           30% Corporate KPIs                             15% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                              15% relative TSR
                   N J Baade                Face Value of grant
                                                                                                           $49,931                                         $199,724
                   A Eglezos
                   D J Owen                 Number of Rights                                                28,200                                          112,800
                   (Other KMP               Fair value per AASB2†
                                                                                                           $32,159                                         $119,906
                   executives)
                                                                                          70% Business Unit KPIs                         70% Business Unit KPIs
                                            Performance Conditions                           30% Corporate KPIs                             15% Corporate KPIs
                                                                                                                                              15% relative TSR
                                              Other Vesting Conditions     Remains employed until the vesting date and has not engaged in fraud or dishonesty
               #
                 The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the AGM date when shareholders approved the grant of the rights.
               †
                 The grant date to calculate the fair value of the award under AASB2 is the date when the performance rights were granted.




               30   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                  30
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report
              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance
              Given the company’s stage of development, financial metrics (such as profitability) are not necessarily an appropriate measure of executive
              performance. The company’s remuneration policy aligns executive reward with the interests of shareholders. The primary focus is on growth in
              shareholder value through achievement of development, regulatory and commercial milestones, and therefore performance goals are not
              necessarily linked to typical financial performance measures utilised by companies operating in other market segments. However, the Board
              recognises that share price performance is clearly relevant to the extent that it reflects shareholder returns, and as such Starpharma’s TSR
              relative to the S&P/ASX300 Index is used as a relevant metric for portions of executive equity awards. Details of share price, earnings and the
              impact of share price performance on the vesting of certain performance rights over the last 5 years is detailed in the table below. No dividends
              have been paid in the last 5 years.




For personal use only
                                                                               FY22                FY21       FY20             FY19              FY18

                   Closing share price 30 June                                 $0.74               $1.50      $1.13            $1.36             $1.17
                   Share price high                                            $1.55               $2.52      $1.43            $1.66             $1.67
                   Share price low                                             $0.62               $1.02      $0.62            $0.87             $0.71
                   Profit/(Loss) for the year ($M)                             (16.2)              (19.7)     (14.7)           (14.3)           (10.3)
                   Number of performance rights forfeited by CEO based        161,039          22,293            -                -                -
                   on share price performance for the period ending 30
                   June (or otherwise in the FY).
                   % of performance rights forfeited by CEO based on            25%                 3%         0%               0%                0%
                   share price performance (as a percentage of total
                   performance rights) period ending 30 June, or
                   otherwise in the FY).

              Fixed remuneration:
              The average increase in KMP executive fixed remuneration for FY22 was 2.7% (FY21: 0.0%). The increases in the total fixed remuneration
              package for individual KMP executive were between 2.5% and 2.9% for the year.

              Performance related pay:
              In the assessment of STI and LTI KPIs, the Board took account of the significant achievements obtained in the performance periods and the
              effort and dedication required to accomplish these milestones. These achievements include those listed on pages 33 to 35.

              Short-term incentives (STI):

              Summary of performance pay related to FY22 for the CEO


                                                                                       STI cash                                             STI equity
                                                                                             ($)                                          (# of rights)
                   Maximum
                                                                                      $256,769                                                  98,672
                   Available
                   STI Awarded                                                        $179,738                                                  69,070
                   % Awarded                                                             70.0%                                                  70.0%

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that the CEO had achieved a performance assessment of 70.0% of
              STI awards for the performance period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022, based on the annual review of actual performance against
              predetermined KPIs. These targets were set by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board at the beginning of the
              performance period and align to the company’s strategic, operational and financial objectives. STI equity awards for the CEO in FY22 were
              based on the scorecard measures and weightings as disclosed below.




                                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    31
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                        31
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report
              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance (continued)
              Summary of performance pay related to FY22 for Other KMP executives

              For STI awards for other KMP executives, the CEO assesses the other KMP executives’ performance against predetermined KPIs relevant
              to their business unit. These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 30% of STI equity awards based
              on the percentage achievement of corporate KPIs as disclosed above. The achievement of corporate KPIs requires significant input and strong
              performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board in
              respect of the STI performance assessment and amounts to be awarded.




For personal use only
              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that other KMP executives had achieved an average performance
              assessment of 78% of STI awards (between 77% and 78%) for the performance period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022. STI equity awards to
              Other KMP executives for FY22 were consistent with their performance assessment.

              Long-term incentives (LTI):

              Summary of performance pay for the CEO for the three years ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                 LTI equity
                                                                                                              (# of Rights)                   % Achieved

                   Maximum Available                                                                                536,797
                   LTI Achieved
                        KPIs for 3 years to 30 June 2022                                                            203,983                          54.3%
                        Relative TSR for 3 years to 30 June 2022                                                           -                             -%
                   Total LTI Achieved                                                                               203,983
                   % Achieved                                                                                        38.0%


              Performance assessment of relative TSR for the three years ended 30 June 2022

              The company’s Total Shareholder Return was benchmarked against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance
              period ended 30 June 2022. The company’s TSR over the period was (39.8%) compared with an Index TSR over the period of (0.8%). The
              company’s annualised TSR for the period was (15.6%) compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index annualised TSR of (0.3%). As a result, 0% relative
              TSR component vested based on the prescribed sliding scale as set out on page 28. The TSR calculations were performed by an independent
              professional services firm.

              The table below provides a summary of the achievement of annualised TSR performance:

                   Performance Period                                                                             3 years to                     3 years to
                                                                                                              30 June 2022                   30 June 2021

                   Starpharma annualised TSR                                                                         (15.6%)                         13.1%
                   Index annualised TSR                                                                               (0.3%)                          5.9%
                   Starpharma over/(under) performance of Index (annualised over 3 years)                            (15.3%)                          7.2%
                   % of relative TSR awarded                                                                              -%                         86.2%

              Summary of performance pay for other KMP executives for the three years ended 30 June 2022

              For LTI awards for Other KMP executives, the CEO assesses their performance against predetermined KPIs relevant to their business unit.
              These business unit KPIs relate directly to specific elements of the corporate KPIs, with 15% of LTI equity awards based on the percentage
              achievement of corporate KPIs, and the remaining 15% based on relative TSR (as disclosed above). The achievement of corporate KPIs
              requires significant input and superior performance from the executive team. The CEO makes recommendations to the Remuneration and
              Nomination Committee and the Board in respect of the LTI performance assessment and amounts to be awarded.

              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board determined that other KMP executives had achieved a performance assessment of
              between 83% and 87% (average 85%) for business unit KPIs for the performance period 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022 for determining LTI
              awards.




              32
              Starpharma   Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                   STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                                                                 32
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                 STI Performance                                                                                                          Performance period
                 Assessment
                                                                                                                                      1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022

                 Performance category              Metric                                                                           Weighting            Satisfied

                 Development, registration         Continue commercial roll-out of VIRALEZE™ and further development
                 and commercialisation of          activities to support regulatory and marketing activities                            25%             Partially Met
                 VIRALEZE™




For personal use only
                 Regulatory and                    Advance further VivaGel® BV registrations in multiple countries, with
                 commercialisation activities      priority given to major markets and facilitate partners to roll-out and
                                                                                                                                        10%             Partially Met
                 for VivaGel® BV                   launch the product in multiple markets; pursue partnerships for remaining
                                                   unlicensed countries; whilst optimising returns
                 Other VivaGel® products           Progress with regulatory and commercialisation activities for the VivaGel®
                                                                                                                                        2%              Partially Met
                                                   condom
                 Clinical stage internal DEP®      Progress internal clinical DEP® programs into and through clinical
                 programs                          development (or signing a licence, as appropriate) with a focus on
                                                                                                                                        26%             Partially Met
                                                   expediting outcomes and building value which may be through additional
                                                   indications and/or combinations
                 Preclinical DEP®                  Advancing additional internal DEP® product candidates through preclinical
                                                                                                                                        12%             Partially Met
                 candidate(s)                      development (or signing a licence, as appropriate)
                 Partnered DEP® programs           Support and further develop existing partnered DEP® programs and/or
                                                   expanded field/products and/or progress with new partnering                          17%             Partially Met
                                                   deals/licences
                 Capital management,               Manage company’s capital and cashflows to create value, increase
                 culture and leadership            recurrent revenues and maintain and develop a highly results oriented                8%                  Met
                                                   culture with exceptional leadership

                                                                                                                                       100%



                 In making this STI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors (other
                 commercially sensitive matters were also taken into account).
                       Starpharma successfully registered and launched VIRALEZE™ in multiple countries, including relaunch in the UK, and
                        undertook the following key activities:
                        -    VIRALEZE™ relaunched in the UK through LloydsPharmacy, one of the largest pharmacy groups in the UK. This relaunch
                             followed extensive dialogue and data submission between Starpharma and the MHRA, resulting in the successful resolution
                             of queries raised by the MHRA, clearing the way for the product’s relaunch in the UK.
                        -    Signed sales and distribution arrangements for VIRALEZE™ with commercial partners in Italy (ADMENTA Italia Group),
                             Vietnam (Health Co), and nine countries in the Middle East (E&N).
                        -    Supported commercial partners with marketing materials, supported timely launches and ongoing product supply.
                        -    VIRALEZE™ was successfully launched in pharmacies and retail outlets in Italy and Vietnam, with preparations underway for
                             countries in the Middle East.
                        -    VIRALEZE™ is now registered in more than 30 countries, including in Europe, Asia and the Middle East. Further submissions
                             have been made in other regions.
                        -    Collaborated extensively with The Scripps Research Institute in the US, completing further antiviral and virucidal testing of SPL7013
                             against multiple respiratory viruses, including multiple variants of SARS-CoV-2 (Delta and Omicron) and influenza, including
                             comparative data to support marketing and publications.
                        -    Completed several challenge studies at Scripps Research, testing the efficacy of VIRALEZE™ against SARS-CoV-2 in a well-
                             established animal challenge model of coronavirus infection.
                        -    In vivo antiviral data was published in the prestigious international journal, Viruses.
                       Ongoing VivaGel® BV regulatory and commercial activities, including:
                        -   Achieved registrations for VivaGel® BV in Vietnam, Bahrain and Qatar during the year, with further approvals expected across
                            the Middle East later this calendar year.
                        -   Starpharma continues to pursue registrations in various other territories including in Asia, the Middle East and Africa.
                        -   Supported commercial partners with marketing materials, technical input, and ongoing product supply.
                        -   An important publication for VivaGel® BV was achieved in the highly regarded peer-reviewed European journal, Archives of
                            Gynecology & Obstetrics. The publication highlights the significant unmet need for new treatment and prevention options in
                            bacterial vaginosis (BV), and the role that Starpharma’s VivaGel® BV can play in addressing that need. This publication will
                            support marketing activities and importantly, the inclusion of the product in clinical management guidelines for BV.
                        -   Provided extensive support to Mundipharma, to pursue additional launches of VivaGel® BV in countries where registration has
                            been achieved.
                        -   Continued to pursue FDA approval for VivaGel® BV, working with a team of expert regulatory advisers, lawyers, and
                            statisticians to progress a formal review, including detailed submissions. The formal FDA review is ongoing.
                       Starpharma’s partner, Okamoto, launched a new VivaGel® condom range in Japan, under the brand name Pure Marguerite,
                        targeting younger demographics. The range is being distributed through major retail chains in Japan. Starpharma supported
                        commercial partners with marketing materials, technical input, and material supply. Okamoto has also commenced regulatory
                        processes for the VivaGel® condom in additional countries in Asia. Ongoing regulatory activities in China.




                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   33
               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                            33
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              5. Executive remuneration outcomes, including link to performance (continued)
                         Progress with internal clinical-stage DEP® assets, including:
                          -   The DEP® docetaxel clinical program (monotherapy and combination arms) has continued to progress and following encouraging
                              efficacy responses, additional patients are being recruited into this trial.
                          -   The DEP® cabazitaxel Phase 2 trial has continued to make good progress. Starpharma reported interim findings from the
                              prostate cancer cohort of this trial during FY22. Following encouraging efficacy signals in patients with late stage ovarian and
                              gastro-oesophageal cancers, additional patients are being enrolled.
                          -   The DEP® irinotecan Phase 2 trial has continued to recruit patients and progress well, with encouraging efficacy signals observed




For personal use only
                              across a range of tumour types. In parallel, Starpharma is finalising preparations for commencement of a combination arm for
                              DEP® irinotecan in combination with 5-FU + Leucovorin (‘FOLFIRI’, a commonly used combination treatment regimen in
                              colorectal cancer).
                          -   Starpharma is in the final stage of preparation to commence a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of DEP® gemcitabine.
                         Develop the preclinical DEP® pipeline:
                          -   Continued to progress multiple DEP® radiotheranostic candidates, targeted and untargeted, including DEP® lutetium, DEP®
                              HER2-lutetium and DEP® zirconium.
                          -   Continued to progress Starpharma’s internal DEP® Antibody Drug Conjugate (ADC) candidates and other internal preclinical
                              candidates.
                         Progressed existing and cultivated new partnered DEP® programs, including:
                          -   Signed a second DEP® Research Agreement with MSD (Merck & Co., Inc.) to develop and synthesize a number of DEP®
                              dendrimer conjugates. This new agreement follows the initial DEP® ADC agreement signed with Merck & Co., Inc., in February
                              2021.
                          -   Signed a DEP® Research Agreement with Genentech during FY22, to evaluate DEP® dendrimer conjugates. This agreement
                              was then expanded to include an additional program within six months of the initial agreement.
                          -   Supported AstraZeneca’s clinical development of its novel DEP® product, AZD0466. During FY22, AstraZeneca commenced a
                              new clinical trial of AZD0466 in a new cancer type – non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL). The new NHL trial is now recruiting at
                              sites in the US and Korea, with recruitment planned at sites across the US, Canada, Europe, Australia, and Asia. This expanded
                              NHL clinical trial is running in parallel with the ongoing global Phase 1/2 trial in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and
                              acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), which continues to recruit patients and open new sites.
                          -   Progressed other DEP® programs with AstraZeneca.
                          -   Progressed other partnered DEP® programs, including with Chase Sun.
                          -   Undertook commercial discussions with major pharmaceutical companies for several new partnered DEP® drug delivery programs
                              in oncology and non-oncology areas, including in DEP® ADCs and DEP® radiopharmaceuticals.

                  In the assessment of STI KPIs, the Board took account of the significant achievements attained over the performance period and the effort
                  and dedication required to accomplish these milestones, particularly while the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic poses direct and indirect
                  challenges to trial recruitment, workforce organisation and supply chain continuity. These achievements include the regulatory and
                  commercialisation activities for VIRALEZE™, VivaGel® BV and the VivaGel® condom, including supporting the company’s marketing
                  partners for each of these products. In addition, the company achieved a number of important milestones for its DEP® drug delivery
                  programs, both internally and with external partners. These included the positive interim findings from the prostate cancer cohort of the
                  Phase 2 trial of DEP® cabazitaxel and the commencement of two new DEP® Research Agreements with leading, global companies,
                  Genentech and Merck & Co., Inc.



                  LTI Performance Assessment                                                                                             Performance period
                                                                                                                                      1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022


                  Performance category                                 Metric                                                         Weighting       Satisfied

                  Financial KPIs for VivaGel® BV and                  Monetisation of the VivaGel® and Drug Delivery portfolios
                  DEP®                                                represented by the generation of revenue, or value from asset
                                                                                                                                        40%         Partially Met#
                                                                      sale(s), through the completion of a number of commercial
                                                                      deals that build shareholder value.

                  Business KPIs for VivaGel® and DEP®                 Optimisation of returns from VivaGel® revenue, represented by
                                                                      programs to maximise product returns to Starpharma;
                                                                                                                                        30%         Partially Met
                                                                      Development of new DEP® candidates; and/or Licensing
                                                                      (and/or asset sales) of DEP® candidates.
                  Relative TSR                                        Starpharma’s TSR compared to the performance of the
                                                                                                                                        30%           Not Met
                                                                      S&P/ASX300 Index over a 3-year period

                                                                                                                                        100%
              #
               The Board has used its discretion in relation to activities in this KPI including deals and revenue generated from VIRALEZE™, not
              contemplated at the time of setting the KPIs.




               34       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                         34
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                  In making this LTI assessment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Board considered the following factors
                  (other commercially sensitive matters not disclosed were also taken into account):
                        - A new product, VIRALEZE™ nasal spray was fully developed and launched in Europe, Vietnam, Italy, and the UK during
                            the period, with product revenue increasing from customer receipts.
                        - Signed sales and distribution arrangements for VIRALEZE™ nasal spray with commercial partners in the UK
                            (LloydsPharmacy), Italy (ADMENTA), Vietnam (Health Co), and the Middle East (E&N).
                        - New registrations of VivaGel® BV achieved in countries in Asia, the Middle East, South Africa and New Zealand. In
                            Europe and Australia, achieved approval for a second BV indication, for the prevention of recurrent BV.
                        - VivaGel® BV launched in the UK, Asia, and central and eastern European countries during the period, with revenue




For personal use only
                            receipts from Aspen and Mundipharma.
                        - Okamoto licensed VivaGel® condom for additional countries in Asia and commenced and progressed regulatory activities.
                            A new VivaGel® condom range was launched by Okamoto in Japan, targeting younger demographics.
                        - Signed a DEP® Research Agreement with MSD whereby Starpharma will design and synthesize a number of dendrimer-
                            based Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs) and will provide them to MSD for testing and characterization.
                        - Signed a second DEP® Research Agreement with MSD whereby Starpharma will design and synthesize a number of
                            additional DEP® dendrimer conjugates and will provide them to MSD for testing and characterization.
                        - Signed and commenced a new DEP® Research Agreement with Genentech to evaluate DEP® drug conjugates.
                        - Genentech DEP® agreement was expanded within six months to add an additional DEP® program.
                        - Supported AstraZeneca’s development of AZD0466. AstraZeneca significantly expanded the clinical program for its DEP®
                            product, AZD0466, which is now being progressed through two global, Phase 1/2 trials in patients with certain blood
                            cancers.
                        - Signed and commenced a new DEP® partnership with Chinese company Chase Sun to develop several DEP®
                            nanoparticle formulations of an anti-infective drug with the view of enhancing its performance and expanding its
                            therapeutic utility.
                        - Significantly progressed three internal DEP® clinical programs (DEP® docetaxel, DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan)
                            with enrolment now well advanced. Encouraging efficacy signals have been observed in each trial and multiple new sites
                            opened. Undertook ongoing commercial discussions with potential licensees.
                        - Expanded market potential for all internal clinical-stage DEP® candidates by adding new indications and progressing
                            value-adding combination studies.
                        - Reported interim findings from the prostate cancer cohort of the Phase 2 clinical trial of DEP® cabazitaxel and undertook
                            partnering discussions.
                        - Completed manufacture of clinical product for DEP® gemcitabine and finalised other preclinical work in preparation for
                            commencement of a Phase 1/2 clinical study.
                        - Advanced preclinical preparations for DEP® irinotecan + 5-FU + Leucovorin (‘FOLFIRI’) combination arm.
                        - Commenced DEP® docetaxel + gemcitabine clinical combination study.
                        - DEP® cabazitaxel and DEP® irinotecan advanced to Phase 2 based on positive Phase 1 results.
                        - Provided extensive support to AstraZeneca to facilitate AZD0466’s progress into the clinic, including IND preparation,
                            scale-up and final preclinical work, triggering the receipt of a milestone payment of US$3M following the successful
                            dosing of the first patient in Phase 1.
                        - Granted a licence from the TGA allowing in-house manufacture of DEP® products for clinical trials.
                        - Partnering discussions underway for internal DEP® candidates with licences to be sought at the most appropriate time to
                            maximise commercial value.
                        - Initiated DEP® radiotheranostic and DEP® ADC commercial discussions following positive preclinical results.
                        - Developed and progressed DEP® radiotheranostic candidates, targeted and untargeted, including DEP® lutetium, DEP®
                            HER2-lutetium and DEP® zirconium.
                        - Developed and progressed DEP® Antibody Drug Conjugates (ADCs) candidates.
                   Relative TSR:
                    -    The company’s TSR was tested against the performance of the S&P/ASX300 Index for the three-year performance period ended
                         30 June 2022. The company’s annualised TSR for this period was (15.6%) compared to the S&P/ASX300 Index annualised TSR of
                         (0.3%), resulting in (15.3%) underperformance to the index.
                         The relative TSR is calculated independently by a professional services firm and more information regarding the relative TSR hurdle is
                         provided on page 28.




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   35

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                       35
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6. Details of remuneration
              The following tables show details of the remuneration received by the directors and the key management personnel of the group for the current
              and previous financial year. As required by the Accounting Standards, the value of performance rights included in the remuneration tables
              relates to the fair value of the performance rights (which may include performance rights granted in prior years), rather than their face value.

                                                                                                            Post-     Long-term     Share-based
               2022                                                         Short-term benefits       employment        benefits      payments
                                           Cash salary &                            Non-monetary                     Long service   Performance




For personal use only
                                                   fees†        Cash bonus# *            benefits   Superannuation          leave        Rights#          Total
               Name                                    $                   $                    $                $              $              $              $
               Non-executive directors

               R B Thomas                         121,818                      –               –           12,182              –              –        134,000

               Z Peach                             78,182                      –               –             7,818             –              –         86,000

               P R Turvey^                           6,307                     –               –              631              –              –          6,938

               D J McIntyre                        81,000                      –               –                –              –              –         81,000

               L Cheng                             66,374                      –               –             6,637             –              –         73,011

               J R Davies                          17,045                      –               –             1,705             –              –         18,750

               Executive director

               J K Fairley                        515,804             179,738             40,928           23,568         14,576        497,470      1,272,084

               Other KMP executives

               N J Baade                          227,510                  75,000         32,976           27,468          6,952        192,073        561,979

               A Eglezos                          257,763                  73,000          8,288           23,568          5,220        191,633        559,472

               D J Owen~                          215,430                      –          19,459           19,640        (12,962)      (198,339)        43,228

               J R Paull                          230,858                  75,000         40,692           27,468          8,214        214,733        596,965

               Totals                           1,818,091             402,738            142,343          150,685         22,000        897,570      3,433,427

              †
                Increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives were 2.90% and below (average 2.70%) in FY22. Executives may
              elect to salary sacrifice part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary & fees represents gross salary earned less any salary
              sacrifice amounts. The two forms of salary sacrifice in FY22 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car
              park. These amounts are reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary & fees may vary from one year to the next,
              depending on the elections chosen.
              #
                All performance related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component of
              total remuneration.
              * The cash bonus reported relates to amounts assessed to be paid for the performance period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022. The actual cash
              payment of the bonuses will occur in FY23.
              ^ P R Turvey resigned from the Board on 29 July 2021.
              ~ D J Owen resigned 6 May 2022.




               36       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                 36
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

                                                                                                  Post-         Long-term           Share-based
               2021                                                Short-term benefits      employment            benefits            payments
                                      Cash salary &                       Non-monetary                         Long service         Performance
                                              fees†     Cash bonus# *          benefits   Superannuation              leave              Rights~#              Total
               Name                               $                $                  $                $                  $                    $                   $
               Non-executive directors

                                            117,808                                                                                                         129,000




For personal use only
               R B Thomas                                             –               –            11,192                  –                       –

               R A Hazleton^                 29,944                   –               –                    –               –                       –          29,944

               Z Peach                       72,032                   –               –             6,843                  –                       –          78,875

               P R Turvey                    78,767                   –               –             7,483                  –                       –          86,250

               D J McIntyre                  72,833                   –               –                    –               –                       –          72,833

               Executive director

               J K Fairley                  539,985           194,825            2,901             21,695             9,892               782,453         1,551,751

               Other KMP executives

               N J Baade                    222,785            78,000           37,684             21,695             2,232               282,991           645,387

               A Eglezos                    252,789            80,000            8,166             21,695           14,769                277,403           654,822

               D J Owen                     239,766            70,000           22,119             21,695                  –              272,367           625,947

               J R Paull                    227,945            80,000           42,159             21,695             5,101               313,348           690,248

               Totals                     1,854,654           502,825          113,029           133,993            31,994              1,928,562         4,565,057

              †
               There were no increases in overall total fixed remuneration packages for KMP executives in the FY21 year. Executives may elect to salary
              sacrifice part of their total fixed remuneration package. Cash salary & fees represents gross salary earned less any salary sacrifice amounts.
              The two forms of salary sacrifice in FY21 were leasing a motor vehicle under a novation arrangement, and the use of a car park. These amounts
              are reported in non-monetary benefits, and these amounts for cash salary & fees may vary from one year to the next, depending on the
              elections chosen.
              ~
                  Includes the expensing of STI equity awarded in lieu of cash for the FY20 performance period with a vesting date of 30 June 2021.
              #
                All performance related remuneration, including cash bonuses and performance rights granted are determined to be an ‘at risk’ component of
              total remuneration.
              * The cash bonus reported relates to amounts assessed to be paid for the performance period 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021. The actual cash
              payment of the bonuses occurred in FY22.

              ^ R A Hazleton retired from the Board on 20 November 2020.


              Details of executive remuneration mix
              The relative proportions of remuneration for FY22 that are linked to performance and those that are fixed are as follows:

                                                                            Fixed          At risk - STI       At risk - STI       At risk - STI       At risk - LTI
                                                                      remuneration                 cash             Equity1               Total             Equity1
               CEO                                        Target                35%                                                         25%                 40%
               J K Fairley                                Actual                47%                14%                   9%                 23%                 30%
               Other KMP executives                       Target                50%                                                         20%                 30%
               N J Baade                                  Actual                53%                13%                   7%                 20%                 27%
               A Eglezos                                  Actual                53%                13%                   7%                 20%                 27%
               D J Owen1                                  Actual               100%                    -                 NM                  NM                     NM
               J R Paull                                  Actual                52%                13%                   7%                 20%                 28%
              1
                D J Owen resigned 6 May 2022. Not Meaningful (NM) are negative amounts for share-based payments expense reversed during the year due
              to a failure to satisfy the vesting conditions of performance rights. There was no STI cash awarded to D J Owen for FY22.




                                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    37

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                        37
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              6. Details of remuneration (continued)
              Non-statutory executive remuneration
              The non-statutory executive remuneration is the remuneration earned by KMP executives in FY22 and is set out below with calculations of
              equity value both at the vesting date and based on the face value at the beginning of the relevant performance period. Starpharma discloses
              non-statutory remuneration voluntarily because it includes the face value of equity that vested in FY22. For LTI equity, the reported value
              reflects the KMP executive performance over three years including the impact of movement in the share price over the three year period.

              The table differs from the remuneration details prepared above in this section 6 of this report which are prepared in accordance with statutory




For personal use only
              obligations and accounting standards, and presents the expensing of the fair value of performance rights over their vesting period, and may
              include the expensing of rights that may not ultimately vest into ordinary shares.


              2022
              Name                      Fixed      STI cash            STI equity      STI equity    LTI equity   LTI equity     Total non-       Total non-         Total
                                  remuneration paid in FY22             vested in       vested in     vested in    vested in       statutory       statutory remuneration
                                            (1)          (2)         FY22 based      FY22 based FY22 based FY22 based remuneration remuneration                       per
                                                                    on face value       on share on face value     on share earned based earned based          Accounting
                                                                               (3)        price at          (3)      price at on face value on share price      Standards
                                                                                     vesting date               vesting date       of equity at vesting date           (5)
                                                                                               (4)                        (4)            (3)             (4)


                                              ($)             ($)              ($)            ($)            ($)          ($)            ($)            ($)            ($)
               J K Fairley              580,300         194,825            132,561        80,762     1,022,244       472,842     1,929,930       1,328,729     1,272,084
               N J Baade                287,954           78,000            40,526        24,690       218,879       170,587       625,359         561,231       561,979
               A Eglezos                289,619           80,000            42,238        25,733       219,449       169,858       631,306         565,210       559,472
               D J Owen       ~
                                        254,529           70,000                 -              -      221,731       165,968       546,260         490,497         43,228
               J R Paull                299,018           80,000            46,182        28,136       274,976       191,549       700,176         598,703       596,965
              1
                Base salary, superannuation and non-monetary benefits such as novated motor vehicle lease and car park benefits.
              2
                STI cash paid during the financial year. The amount disclosed for FY22 reflects cash bonuses awarded for FY21 the performance period.
              3
                Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the face value of the performance rights based on the 3-month VWAP prior to the
                 start of the relevant performance period (1 July). Vested rights will remain as rights in subsequent periods until exercised. The STI equity was
                 granted in FY21 and the LTI equity was granted in FY19.
              4
                Value of equity rights that vested during the year, based on the opening price on the date of vesting. Vested rights will remain as rights in
                 subsequent periods until exercised. The STI equity was granted in FY21 and the LTI equity was granted in FY19.
              5
                In accordance with statutory obligations and accounting standards in section 6 of this report, which includes expensing of rights over their
                 entire vesting period, and rights that may not ultimately vest into ordinary shares.
              ~
                D J Owen resigned 6 May 2022

              Equity awards and share price
              The total non-statutory remuneration based on the vesting date share price is lower than the total remuneration per Accounting Standards
              (except for D J Owen) and the non-statutory remuneration based on face value. The lower amount is primarily driven by the value attached to
              the equity awards that vested in FY22.




               38       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                           38
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              Details of remuneration: cash bonuses, shares, and performance rights
              For each cash bonus and grant of equity included in the tables on pages 36 to 41, the percentage of the available bonus or grant that was paid,
              or that vested, in the financial year, and the percentage that was forfeited because the person did not meet the service and performance
              objectives is set out below. Performance rights vest over the specified periods provided vesting criteria are met. No rights will vest if the
              conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value of the rights yet to vest is nil. The maximum value of the rights yet to vest has been
              determined as the amount of the grant date fair value of the rights that is yet to be expensed. The CEO was awarded 70% of her maximum cash
              bonus entitlement of $256,769 in FY22, with the balance of 30% forfeited as described above in the report. STI cash bonuses for other KMP
              executives are paid at the absolute discretion of the Board based on an individual’s performance within the year, hence there is no component
              forfeited to report.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                               Performance rights

                                                   Grant date        Financial         Vested        Forfeited                  Financial                   Maximum
                                           fair value of rights          year                                              years in which            fair value yet to
                                               granted during         granted                                                 rights may                         vest
                                                       20221,2                                                                       vest
                   Name                                      $                              %               %                                                        $
                   J K Fairley                       480,505             2022                -            30%                 30/06/2023                      37,729
                                                                         2022                -               -                30/06/2025                     258,115
                                                                         2021             78%             22%                 30/06/2022                           -
                                                                         2021                -               -                30/06/2024                     297,766
                                                                         2020                -            62%                 30/06/2023                      30,964
                                                                         2019             65%             35%                 30/06/2022                           -
                   N J Baade                         152,065             2022                -            22%                 30/06/2023                      12,607
                                                                         2022                -               -                30/06/2025                      83,034
                                                                         2021             83%             17%                 30/06/2022                           -
                                                                         2021                -               -                30/06/2024                     100,659
                                                                         2020                -            33%                 30/06/2023                      10,527
                                                                         2019             82%             18%                 30/06/2022                           -
                   A Eglezos                         152,065             2022                -            23%                 30/06/2023                      12,381
                                                                         2022                -               -                30/06/2025                      83,034
                                                                         2021             86%             14%                 30/06/2022                           -
                                                                         2021                -               -                30/06/2024                     100,659
                                                                         2020                -            34%                 30/06/2023                      10,414
                                                                         2019             81%             19%                 30/06/2022                           -
                   D J Owen                          152,065             2022                -           100%                 30/06/2023                           -
                   (Resigned 6 May 2022)                                 2022                -           100%                 30/06/2025                           -
                                                                         2021                -           100%                 30/06/2022                           -
                                                                         2021                -           100%                 30/06/2024                           -
                                                                         2020                -           100%                 30/06/2023                           -
                                                                         2019             80%             20%                 30/06/2022                           -
                   J R Paull                         166,085             2022                -            22%                 30/06/2023                      13,769
                                                                         2022                -               -                30/06/2025                      90,690
                                                                         2021             86%             14%                 30/06/2022                           -
                                                                         2021                -               -                30/06/2024                     110,061
                                                                         2020                -            31%                 30/06/2023                      11,772
                                                                         2019             84%             16%                 30/06/2022                           -

              1
                  The value at grant date calculated in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payments of performance rights granted during the year as part of
                  remuneration.
              2
                  The maximum value of performance rights is determined at grant date and is amortised over the applicable vesting period. The amount which
                  will be included in a given KMP executive’s remuneration for a given year is consistent with this amortised amount. No performance rights will
                  vest if the conditions are not satisfied, hence the minimum value yet to vest is nil.



              Details of related party transactions

              Services from entities controlled by KMP

              Subsidiary, Starpharma Pty Ltd, paid $22,213 for consulting services in FY22 to Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence Pty Ltd, which
              Starpharma non-executive director Dr Jeff Davies (appointed 1 April 2022), is also a director and shareholder. The consulting services were
              provided by principals other than Dr Jeff Davies and were on normal commercial terms.

              There are no other related party transactions with KMP that are not otherwise disclosed within this Remuneration Report.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   39

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                         39
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              7. Executive employment agreements

              Remuneration and other terms of employment for executives are formalised in employment agreements which set out duties, rights and
              responsibilities, and entitlements on termination. All executives also have a formal position description for their role.

              Major provisions of the agreements relating to remuneration are set out below for those KMP executives who are employed at the date of this
              report.




For personal use only
              CEO and Managing Director (J K Fairley)

                       No fixed term of agreement.
                       Base salary, inclusive of superannuation, per annum as at 30 June 2022 of $577,407, to be reviewed annually by the Remuneration and
                        Nomination Committee.
                       A cash bonus up to $256,769 for the year to 30 June 2022 allocated proportionately on the achievement of predetermined KPIs.
                       The CEO is entitled to participate in a STI and LTI equity plan, subject to receiving any required or appropriate shareholder approval.
                       Fringe benefits consist of on-site car parking.


              The CEO’s termination provisions are as follows:


                                                            Notice Period   Payment in lieu    Treatment of equity STI             Treatment of LTI
                                                                            of notice

                    Resignation                             12 months       N/A                Unvested awards forfeited           Unvested awards forfeited
                    Termination for cause                   None            None               Unvested awards (including an       Unvested awards (including an
                                                                                               exercisable, vested right)          exercisable, vested right)
                                                                                               forfeited                           forfeited
                    Termination without cause,              12 months       6 months           Unvested awards lapse unless        Unvested awards lapse unless
                    including redundancy                                    payment in lieu    the Board determines otherwise      the Board determines
                                                                            of notice with 6   after considering the portion of    otherwise after considering the
                                                                            month notice       the performance period that has     portion of the performance
                                                                            period             elapsed and the extent to which     period that has elapsed and
                                                                                               performance conditions have         the extent to which
                                                                                               been met. Vesting of the rights     performance conditions have
                                                                                               may be accelerated in this case.    been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                                                                   may be accelerated in this
                                                                                                                                   case.
                    Termination in cases of death,          N/A             N/A                Unvested awards lapse, unless       Unvested awards lapse,
                    disablement or other cause                                                 the Board determines otherwise      unless the Board determines
                    approved by the Board                                                      after considering the portion of    otherwise after considering the
                                                                                               the performance period that has     portion of the performance
                                                                                               elapsed and the extent to which     period that has elapsed and
                                                                                               performance conditions have         the extent to which
                                                                                               been met. Vesting of the rights     performance conditions have
                                                                                               may be accelerated in this case.    been met. Vesting of the rights
                                                                                                                                   may be accelerated in this
                                                                                                                                   case.


              Other KMP executives

              Standard executive termination provisions are as follows:

                                                            Notice Period   Payment in lieu    Treatment of equity STI             Treatment of LTI
                                                                            of notice

                    Resignation                             3 months        N/A                Same as for CEO                     Same as for CEO
                    Termination for cause                   None            None               Same as for CEO                     Same as for CEO
                    Termination without cause,              Typically 3     3 months           Same as for CEO                     Same as for CEO
                    including redundancy                    months          (3-6 months)
                                                            (range 3-6
                                                            months)
                    Termination in cases of death,          N/A             N/A                Same as for CEO                     Same as for CEO
                    disablement, or other cause
                    approved by the Board



              There are no loans, or other transactions, to the CEO or Other KMP executives.




               40       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      40
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              8. Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes

              Ordinary shares
              The number of ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the directors or the key
              management personnel of the group, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below. The table may also
              reflect changes to shareholdings which are unrelated to remuneration.

              2022                                                      Granted during              On exercise of




For personal use only
                                                    Balance at the         the year as          performance rights         Other changes                  Balance at the
              Name                                 start of the year     compensation               during the year       during the year*               end of the year
              Directors
              R B Thomas                                   875,000                       –                       –                  25,000                       900,000
              J K Fairley                                3,925,434                       –                       –                  50,000                     3,975,434
              Z Peach                                       48,975                       –                       –                    8,474                       57,449
              P R Turvey     1
                                                           193,155                       –                       –                         –                             N/A
              D J McIntyre                                  16,240                       –                       –                         –                      16,240
              L Cheng2                                            –                      –                       –                  60,000                        60,000
              J R Davies3                                   50,000                       –                       –                         –                      50,000
              Other KMP executives
              N J Baade                                    354,300                       –                       –                         –                     354,300
              A Eglezos                                    297,542                       –                       –                 (30,000)                      267,542
              D J Owen4                                    252,086                       –                 998,993                         –                             N/A
              J R Paull                                     41,106                       –                       –                         –                      41,106
              * Other changes relate to market transactions.
              1
                Resigned as a non-executive director on 29 July 2021.
              2
                Appointed as a non-executive director on 1 August 2021.
              3
                Appointed as a non-executive director on 1 April 2022, opening shareholding prior to appointment.
              4
                Resigned on 6 May 2022.


              Performance rights
              The number of rights over ordinary shares in the company provided as remuneration during the financial year to any of the executive directors
              and the KMP executives, including their close family members and entities related to them, are set out below. No non-executive director held
              performance rights in FY22 or the prior year.

               2022

               Name              Balance at the      Granted during                                                                   Vested and
                                    start of the        the year as         Exercised         Other changes      Balance at the exercisable at the
                                           year       compensation     during the year       during the year#   end of the year   end of the year        Total Unvested
               Directors
               J K Fairley           5,234,242               493,360                 -             (224,712)          5,502,890           3,835,560            1,667,330
               Other KMP executives
               N J Baade             1,420,939               141,000                 -              (35,874)          1,526,065           1,047,385              478,680
               A Eglezos             1,414,343               141,000                 -              (34,810)          1,520,533           1,041,853              478,680
               D J Owen1             1,413,954               141,000         998,993               (555,961)                   -                     -                     -
               J R Paull             1,609,855               154,000                 -              (33,726)          1,730,129           1,206,929              523,200
              #
                Other changes during the year relate to the forfeiture of rights.
              1
                Resigned on 6 May 2022.


              The market value at vesting date of performance rights that vested during 2022 was $1,330,125 (2021: $3,503,718). The decrease in market
              value reflects a lower share price at date of vesting as well as the vesting in the prior year of STI equity awarded in lieu of cash bonuses for
              FY20. No other shares were issued on the vesting of performance rights provided as remuneration to any of the directors or any KMP of the
              group in the current year.

              The market value is calculated using the opening share price on the respective vesting/exercise date or forfeit date.

              Dilutionary impact of performance rights on issue
              As at 30 June 2022 there were 15,784,044 performance rights on issue, representing 3.9% of the 408,443,407 shares on issue (SOI) at 30 June
              2022. There were 10,279,617 rights which were held by KMP, representing 2.5% of SOI, of which 5,502,890 (1.3% of SOI) were approved by
              shareholders.




                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022     41
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                              41
              Directors’ Report Remuneration Report

              8. Additional disclosures relating to employee equity schemes (continued)
              The terms and conditions of the grant of performance rights to the directors or the key management personnel of the group in the current year or
              which impact future years are as follows:

                                                                            Number of rights                               Fair value per right at
                                 Grant date                  Vesting date          granted         Performance measure                 grant date         % vested

                           16 August 2018           30 September 2021               537,200          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.26                 81




For personal use only
                           16 August 2018           30 September 2021                94,800                         TSR                    $0.85                 86

                        29 November 2018            30 September 2021               377,945          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.48                 56

                        29 November 2018            30 September 2021               161,976                         TSR                    $1.13                 86

                          17 October 2019           30 September 2022               537,200          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.15                 Nil

                          17 October 2019           30 September 2022                94,800                         TSR                    $0.71                 Nil

                        21 November 2019            30 September 2022               375,758          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.29                 Nil

                        21 November 2019            30 September 2022               161,039                         TSR                    $0.85                 Nil

                          30 October 2020                   30 June 2022            187,560          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.47                 64

                          30 October 2020           30 September 2023               637,704          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.47                 Nil

                          30 October 2020           30 September 2023               112,536                         TSR                    $1.20                 Nil

                        20 November 2020                    30 June 2022            159,293          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.32                 78

                        20 November 2020            30 September 2023               446,021          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.32                 Nil

                        20 November 2020            30 September 2023               191,152                         TSR                    $0.96                 Nil

                          25 October 2021                   30 June 2023            115,400          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.14                 Nil

                          25 October 2021           30 September 2024               392,360          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.14                 Nil

                          25 October 2021           30 September 2024                69,240                         TSR                    $0.62                 Nil

                        30 November 2021                    30 June 2023             98,672          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.09                 Nil

                        30 November 2021            30 September 2024               276,282          Achievement of KPIs                   $1.09                 Nil

                        30 November 2021            30 September 2024               118,406                         TSR                    $0.60                 Nil


              Information of the performance measures:

                    Achievement of KPIs:                 The achievement of certain key business performance indicators linked to matters which the Board believes
                                                         are key drivers of shareholder value.
                    Relative TSR (TSR):                  As set out on page 28 of the remuneration report.




                                                                               - end of remuneration report -




               42       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                     42
              Directors’ Report

              Shares under rights                                                 Shares issued on the exercise of vested rights
              Unissued ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited under       The following ordinary shares of Starpharma Holdings Limited
              the Employee Performance Rights Plan at the date of this report     were issued during the year to the date of this report on the
              are as follows:                                                     exercise of vested performance rights granted under the Employee
                                             Number of       Balance of           Performance Rights Plan. The shares are issued for nil
                                                  rights            rights        consideration.
               Grant date     Vesting date      granted at date of report                                 Issue price of shares Number of shares
                                                                                   Date rights granted (Exercise price of right)               issued




For personal use only
               11 Nov 2015 30 Sep 2018         2,076,800           782,404
                                                                                         11 Nov 2015                            $-                329,265
               11 Nov 2015 30 Jun 2017           519,200           185,750
                                                                                          13 Oct 2016                           $-                438,835
               19 Nov 2015 30 Sep 2018           893,851           836,260
                                                                                         10 Aug 2017                            $-                575,122
               19 Nov 2015 30 Jun 2017           219,395           181,001
                                                                                         16 Aug 2018                            $-                264,601
               13 Oct 2016   30 Jun 2018         594,450           211,876
                                                                                           2 Nov 2018                           $-                346,251
               13 Oct 2016   30 Sep 2019       2,377,800           947,975
                                                                                          17 Oct 2019                           $-                166,405
               29 Nov 2016 30 Jun 2018           223,022           172,842
                                                                                          30 Oct 2020                           $-                196,374
               29 Nov 2016 30 Sep 2019           876,978           846,281
               10 Aug 2017 30 Jun 2019           694,120           302,268        Audit & non-audit services
               10 Aug 2017 30 Sep 2020         2,776,480         1,264,737        The company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments
                                                                                  additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s
               29 Nov 2017 30 Jun 2019           224,121           197,226
                                                                                  expertise and experience with the company and/or the group are
               29 Nov 2017 30 Sep 2020           895,879           736,665        important. Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor
                                                                                  (PricewaterhouseCoopers) for audit services provided during the
               16 Aug 2018 30 Jun 2020           203,500           116,378        year is set out below. There were no non-audit services provided
               16 Aug 2018 30 Sep 2021           814,000           441,012        by the auditor during the financial year.

               2 Nov 2018    30 Jun 2020         259,147            87,200        During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for
                                                                                  services provided by the auditor (PricewaterhouseCoopers) of the
               2 Nov 2018    30 Sep 2021       1,036,587           395,016
                                                                                  company, its related practices and non-related audit firms.
               29 Nov 2018 30 Jun 2020           134,980           112,708
                                                                                                                                         2022           2021
               29 Nov 2018 30 Sep 2021           539,921           350,253        Assurance Services                                        $              $
               17 Oct 2019   30 Jun 2021         459,767           212,629        Audit or review of financial reports of the
                                                                                  entity or any entity in the group under the        155,250        146,462
               17 Oct 2019   30 Sep 2022       1,839,067         1,339,175
                                                                                  Corporations Act 2001
               21 Nov 2019 30 Jun 2021           134,199           101,320
                                                                                  Other assurance services of $6,630 (2021: nil) were provided by
               21 Nov 2019 30 Sep 2022           536,797           536,797        the auditor in the current year relating to the audit of an income
               30 Oct 2020   30 Jun 2021         567,083           365,085        and expenditure report for grant funding. No other taxation or
                                                                                  advisory services have been provided by the auditor in either the
               30 Oct 2020   30 Jun 2022         548,270           389,122        current or prior year.
               30 Oct 2020   30 Sep 2023       2,193,080         1,712,160
                                                                                  Auditor’s Independence Declaration
               20 Nov 2020 30 Jun 2021           176,755           176,755
                                                                                  A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required
               20 Nov 2020 30 Jun 2022           159,293           124,249
                                                                                  under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
               20 Nov 2020 30 Sep 2023           637,173           637,173        page 44.
               25 Oct 2021   30 Jun 2023         373,333          305,673
                                                                                  Rounding of amounts
               25 Oct 2021   30 Sep 2024       1,493,334        1,222,694
                                                                                  The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
               30 Nov 2021 30 Jun 2023            98,672           98,672         (Rounding Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
               30 Nov 2021 30 Sep 2023           394,688          394,688         issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission,
                                                                                  relating to the “rounding off’’ of amounts in the directors’ report.
                                                                                  Amounts in the directors’ report have been rounded off in
              Performance rights and the resultant shares are granted for nil     accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or
              consideration.                                                      in certain cases, the nearest dollar.

                                                                                  Auditor
              Insurance of officers
                                                                                  PricewaterhouseCoopers continues in office in accordance with
              During the financial year, Starpharma Holdings Limited paid a       section 327 of the Corporations Act 2001.
              premium to insure the directors and executive officers of the
              company and related bodies corporate, against certain liabilities   This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the
              and expenses.                                                       Directors.

              In accordance with normal commercial practice, the disclosure of
              the amount of premium payable, and the nature of the liabilities
              and expenses covered by the policy, is prohibited by a
              confidentiality clause in the relevant insurance contract.          Robert B Thomas AO
                                                                                  Chairman
                                                                                  Melbourne, 25 August 2022
                                                                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   43



              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                 43
              Auditor’s Independence Declaration




              Independent auditor’s report




For personal use only
                        individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
              To the members
                  users        ofthe
                        taken on  Starpharma
                                     basis of theHoldings
                                                  financial Limited
                                                            report.

              Report  on the
                We tailored      audit
                            the scope     ofaudit
                                      of our the tofinancial       report
                                                      ensure that we  performed enough work to be able to give an
              Auditor’s Independence Declaration account the geographic and management
                opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into
                        structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.
              Our opinion
              As lead auditor for the audit of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022, I
                   The Group operates in the biotechnology industry, undertaking development of dendrimer technology
              In our
              declare opinion:
                       that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
                   for pharmaceutical, life science and other applications. The Group owns a portfolio of proprietary
              The technology
                   accompanying
                              with financial  report
                                    applications  in of   Starpharma
                                                     different         Holdings
                                                               stages between    Limited (the
                                                                              development  andCompany)   and its controlled
                                                                                               commercialisation.
              (a) no contraventions
              entities                 of the auditor
                       (together the Group)             independence
                                               is in accordance         requirements
                                                                  with the                ActCorporations
                                                                                      of the
                                                                           Corporations                    Act 2001 in
                                                                                              2001, including:
                  relation to the audit; and
                (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its
              (b) nofinancial
                      contraventions   of any for the
                               performance     applicable
                                                       yearcode
                                                             thenof professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                                                                   ended
              This
                (b)declaration
                    complyingiswith
                                in respect of Starpharma
                                    Australian  AccountingHoldings Limited
                                                           Standards       and the
                                                                     and the       entities it
                                                                             Corporations      controlled 2001.
                                                                                            Regulations   during the
              period.
              What we have audited
              The Group financial report comprises:
              ●      the consolidated     balance sheet as at 30 June 2021
                                Materiality                                 Audit scope                      Key audit matters
              ●      the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
                 For the purpose of our audit we used          Our audit focused on where the       Amongst other relevant topics, we
              ● overall
                     the consolidated     statement of changesGroup
                          Group materiality of $0.76
                                                                   in equity   for the year then ended communicated the following key
                                                                        made subjective judgements;
              ● million,
                     the consolidated     statement
                           which represents            of cash flows
                                             approximately            for the significant
                                                                 for example,  year thenaccounting
                                                                                          ended        audit matters to the Audit and Risk
              ●   5%
              Brad theof
                    Peakethe Group’s adjusted loss before        estimates  involving
                          consolidated income statement for the year then ended       assumptions      Committee:
                                                                                                                    Melbourne
                  tax.                                           and inherently uncertain future
              ●
              Partnerthe notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant          accounting
                                                                                                              25          policies
                                                                                                                  August 2022
                                                                                                      Disposal of Starpharma
                                                                 events.
                     and other explanatory information
              PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                   Agrochemicals
                 We applied this threshold, together with
              ● qualitative
                     the directors’   declaration.
                              considerations, to determine      All audit procedures are performed   Research and development tax
                  the scope of our audit and the nature,              by PwC Australia, consistent with        incentive
              Basis for opinion
                  timing  and  extent  of our  audit  procedures      the location of Group  management       These are further described in the
                  and to evaluate the effect of                       and financial records.                   Key audit matters section of our
              We conducted
                  misstatements our   audit in
                                   on the         accordance
                                           financial   report as awith Australian Auditing Standards. Our        responsibilities under
                                                                                                               report.
              those standards are further described in 
                  whole.                                               Auditor’s
                                                                   theWe            responsibilities
                                                                          tailored the scope          for the audit of the financial
                                                                                             of our audit
              report section of our report.                           taking into account the accounting
                 We chose Group adjusted loss before tax             processes and controls, and the
                  because,  in our view,  it is the benchmark
              We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained     industry inis
                                                                                  which  the Group
                                                                                     sufficient  and appropriate to provide a basis for
                  against
              our opinion. which  the performance      of the         operates.
                  Group is most commonly measured. We
                  adjusted for the impact of the gain on
              Independence
                  disposal of Starpharma Agrochemicals as
              We are   independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                  the financial statement line item is not
              Corporations     Act 2001
                  expected to reoccur    andand
                                              has athe ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical
              Standards    Board’s    APES
                  disproportionate impact on         Code
                                                110the      of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                                                       earnings
              Standards)     (theperiod.
                  result for the   Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
              fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
                     We utilised a 5% threshold based on our
                      professional judgement, noting it is
                      within the range of commonly acceptable
                      profit related thresholds in the
                      biotechnology industry.

               PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
               2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                                                                                                                           Page 80 of 88
               T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61ABN
              PricewaterhouseCoopers,  3 8603 1999,433
                                           52 780   www.pwc.com.au
                                                       757
              2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
              T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.                                         44
               44       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                        44
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the company”) and the Board are          This Corporate Governance Statement sets out and describes the
              committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards         company’s current corporate governance principles and practices
              of corporate governance. The Board guides and monitors the             which the Board considers to comply with the 4th Edition CGC
              company’s activities on behalf of the shareholders. In developing      Recommendations. This Corporate Governance Statement is
              policies and setting standards, the Board considers the Australian     available on the company’s website. The company and its
              Securities Exchange (“ASX”) Corporate Governance Principles            controlled entity together are referred to as “the group” in this
              and Recommendations (4th Edition) (“the 4th Edition CGC                statement. This report is current as at 25 August 2022 and was
              Recommendations”).                                                     approved by the Board on that date.

              Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for management and oversight




For personal use only
              Relationship between the Board and management                          In relation to director tenure, the Board charter provides that it is
              The relationship between the Board and senior management is            anticipated that non-executive directors would generally hold office
              critical to the group’s long-term success. The directors are           for up to ten years, and shall serve a maximum of fifteen years
              responsible to the shareholders for the performance of the group in    from date of first election by shareholders.
              both the short and long term, and they seek to balance sometimes
              competing objectives in the best interests of the group.               The Board, on its initiative and on an exceptional basis, may
              Their focus is to enhance the interests of shareholders and other      exercise discretion to extend this maximum term where it
              key stakeholders and to ensure the group is properly managed.          considers that such an extension would benefit the company.
                                                                                     Starpharma’s policy on non-executive director tenure is consistent
              1.1 Responsibilities of the Board
                                                                                     with ASX guidance which acknowledges that shareholders are
              The responsibilities of the Board include oversight, accountability
                                                                                     likely to be served well by a mix of directors, including some with a
              and approval in relation to certain:
                                                                                     longer tenure who have accumulated experience and developed a
              -    Strategic issues;
                                                                                     ‘corporate memory’ over a substantial period.
              -    Shareholding items;
              -    Financial items;                                                  The Board considered the tenure of Ms Z Peach as part of its
              -    Expenditure items;                                                independence assessment of each and all directors. Despite her
              -    Audit related items; and                                          tenure of >10 years, Ms Z Peach has been as ‘independent’. The
              -    Board and senior management, delegation and succession.           combination of Ms Z Peach’s skills and experience, and corporate
                                                                                     memory provided by her long tenure is advantageous and aligns
              Other Board responsibilities include:
                                                                                     with the typical longer industry product development cycle.
              -   Enhancing and protecting the reputation and culture of the
                  group;
              -   Overseeing the operation of the group, including its systems          Director                 Date first elected by shareholders
                  for control, accountability, and risk management;                     R B Thomas               November 2014
              -   Monitoring financial performance;
                                                                                        Z Peach                  November 2011
              -   Liaising with the company’s auditors;
              -   Ensuring there are effective management processes in place            J K Fairley              N/A, appointed by the Board in 2006
                  and approving major corporate initiatives;                            D J McIntyre             November 2020
              -   Setting company values and code of conduct;                           L Cheng                  November 2021
              -   Satisfying itself regarding the risk management framework
                  and setting risk appetite;                                            J R Davies               Appointed by the Board on 1 April
              -   Overseeing the process for timely and balanced disclosure of                                   2022 and standing for election at
                  material information; and                                                                      November 2022 AGM
              -   Reporting to shareholders.
                                                                                     1.3 Written agreements with Directors and Senior Executives
              Further details regarding the responsibilities of the Board are        New directors receive a letter of appointment, which outlines the
              detailed in the Board charter. The Board’s conduct is governed by      company’s expectations of the director in relation to their
              the company’s constitution. Both documents are available at            participation, time commitments and compliance with policies and
              www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                                regulatory requirements.

              1.2 Director / senior management appointment and director              Senior executives and all employees are required to sign
              election                                                               employment agreements which set out the key terms of their
              Before appointing a director or senior management, and before          employment. All roles have formal position descriptions.
              putting forward a director candidate to shareholders for election,
                                                                                     1.4 Responsibilities of the Company Secretary
              the Remuneration and Nomination Committee will undertake
                                                                                     The Company Secretary supports the effective functioning of the
              appropriate background checks. The Remuneration and
                                                                                     Board and its committees. The Company Secretary is accountable
              Nomination Committee will also provide all material information
                                                                                     directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters related to
              which is relevant to whether or not a person should be elected or
                                                                                     the proper functioning of the Board. The specific responsibilities of
              re-elected as a director to the Board for provision to shareholders
                                                                                     the Company Secretary are detailed in the Board charter, which is
              (including in relation to independence and a recommendation
                                                                                     available at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              regarding support or otherwise to the candidate’s appointment or
              election).                                                             1.5 Diversity objectives and achievement
                                                                                     The company is committed to workplace diversity, and the Board
              The other commitments of non-executive directors are routinely
                                                                                     values the level of diversity already present within the organisation,
              reviewed by the Board in addition to being considered by the
                                                                                     believing that continuing to promote diversity is in the best
              Remuneration and Nomination Committee prior to their
                                                                                     interests of the company, its employees and its shareholders.
              appointment to the Board, and are reviewed at least annually. Prior
                                                                                     The Board last revised its Diversity Policy in March 2022, which
              to appointment or being submitted for re-election, each non-
                                                                                     operates alongside the Code of Conduct (and the Discrimination,
              executive director is required to specifically acknowledge that they
                                                                                     Harassment, Bullying and Workplace Grievances Policy), and it
              have and will continue to have the time available to discharge their
                                                                                     provides a framework for Starpharma to achieve several diversity
              responsibilities to the company.
                                                                                     objectives. The Diversity Policy is available at
              The company’s constitution specifies that all non-executive            www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              directors must retire from office no later than three years or the
                                                                                     Independent of external corporate governance initiatives, the
              third annual general meeting (“AGM”) following their last election
                                                                                     company has embraced a culture of inclusion and equal
              (whichever is longer), and that an election of directors must take
                                                                                     opportunity across diversity areas recognised as potentially
              place each year. Any director, excluding the Managing Director
                                                                                     impacting upon equality in the workplace, with a focus on gender
              (CEO of the group), who has been appointed during the year, must
                                                                                     but without limiting other aspects of diversity.
              stand for election at the next AGM.


                                                                                                          STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   45
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                 45
             Corporate Governance Statement

             The company recognises the corporate benefits of diversity of its                         achieving gender diversity and has conducted an assessment of
             workforce and the Board, and realises the importance of being                             the objectives and progress in achieving them.
             able to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest                            Objectives set by the Board for the 2022 financial year, and
             possible pool of available talent. In accordance with the Diversity                       progress against these objectives is set out below:
             Policy, the Board has established measurable objectives for


                    Objective                                   Measurement                                      FY22 Performance

                    Female participation/talent                 Achieve greater than 40% female                  54% of CEO minus 2 positions are held by females.




For personal use only
                    pipeline                                    participation for direct reports to the CEO
                                                                or senior executives (“CEO minus 2”).

                                                                Actively support and encourage training,         Professional development opportunities and options
                                                                networking and development opportunities         that are aligned with the group’s needs and the
                                                                for high potential employees.                    individual’s role are considered for all employees as
                                                                                                                 part of the group’s annual performance review process
                                                                                                                 and as needed during the year. Investments in
                                                                                                                 formal/external development programs are made
                                                                                                                 where appropriate and in FY22, 36 professional
                                                                                                                 development programs including conferences were
                                                                                                                 attended by female employees across all levels of the
                                                                                                                 organisation.
                                                                                                                 This included securing partial scholarships for 4
                                                                                                                 women to attend a 10-week development program run
                                                                                                                 by Women & Leadership Australia.
                                                                                                                 The company also continues to support participation in
                                                                                                                 a biotech industry networking initiative of all female
                                                                                                                 staff and senior leaders who are active supporters of
                                                                                                                 women in the workplace, role models and champions
                                                                                                                 of gender equity. The networking initiative includes
                                                                                                                 presentations by industry role models.

                    Equal opportunity employer                  Inclusion of female candidates in                Female candidates participated in all recruitment
                                                                recruitment process for each role with           processes throughout FY22. 60% of the positions were
                                                                female applicants, including for Board           filled with female candidates.
                                                                appointments.                                    33% of the internal promotions that occurred in FY22
                                                                                                                 were female employees.

                                                                Consistent and merit-based selection             100% of successful candidates were selected on
                                                                criteria and recruitment processes used          merit-based criteria after taking part in Starpharma’s
                                                                when choosing successful candidates in           selection process.
                                                                all cases.

                    Remuneration parity                         Ensure no significant remuneration               Analysis was completed of pre- and post-remuneration
                                                                difference for individuals in similar roles,     review “remuneration differentials to benchmarks” by
                                                                based on gender.                                 gender and confirmed there were no significant gender
                                                                                                                 differences in remuneration relative to role
                                                                                                                 benchmarks.

                    Flexible working arrangements               Employees working under flexible working         14% of employees work under flexible working
                                                                arrangements (including part time).              arrangements, unrelated to the COVID-19 restrictions.

                                                                Granting a majority of requests for flexible     Mutually satisfactory flexible work arrangements were
                                                                work arrangements for family                     reviewed and agreed between the requesting
                                                                responsibilities.                                employee and the company in 100% of cases during
                                                                                                                 FY22.

                    Support for return to work after            Target a return to work following primary        One employee was on primary care parental leave in
                    parental leave                              care parental leave of 75%.                      FY22 and returned to work by mutual agreement.

                                                                                                                 The executive group completed this training during
                    Awareness of unconscious bias               Train managers on unconscious bias.              FY22.

                                                                                                                 The company is gathering wider diversity demographic
                    Broadened measurement of                    Define diversity demographics beyond             information on its employees.
                    diversity                                   gender for the purposes of future reporting
                                                                                                                 The diversity measurement for future reporting is
                                                                                                                 intended to cover all of gender, age (generational
                                                                                                                 groups) and country of birth (cultural).


             Slightly under half (49%) of Starpharma’s employees are female,                           all. The table below sets out the proportion of female employees in
             maintaining a similar gender representation to that of previous                           the whole organisation, in leadership/management roles (“CEO
             years. As captured in Starpharma’s diversity objectives (above),                          minus 2”), in senior executive positions and on the Board as at 30
             the group strives to put in place measures, such as flexible                              June 2022.
             working arrangements, specifically to encourage participation by

               46       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

             Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                               46
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Starpharma continues to have a high level of both gender and         1.6 Board, committee and director performance
              general diversity, however given the relatively small number of      The performance of the Board and its committees are reviewed
              total employees, a change of one or few employees may have a         each year by the Chairman based on the completion of a formal
              significant impact on the group’s performance in respect of the      feedback questionnaire by each director. The summarised results
              measurable diversity objectives.                                     are then reported back to and discussed by the Board. This
                                                                                   performance evaluation took place in FY22.
              Starpharma is also proud of the ethnic diversity of our employee
              population, with 50% of all employees born outside Australia in 18   1.7 CEO and senior executive performance
              different countries.                                                 Performance assessments for senior executives take place




For personal use only
                                                                                   annually and took place during the year. Performance review
              Starpharma continues to improve its range of objectives to support
                                                                                   timing of executives occur throughout July/August in respect of the
              workplace diversity. For FY22, the group has expanded its
                                                                                   prior financial year. The process for these assessments is
              objectives, adding a measurement for awareness of unconscious
                                                                                   described in the remuneration report under the heading
              bias, and also plans to broaden its measurement of diversity.
                                                                                   “Remuneration governance” on page 22 of this report.

                 % Female (at 30 June)                       2022        2021      As part of the Board discussion on senior executive performance,
                                                                                   directors give consideration to succession planning and
                                                                                   development to ensure continuity and a smooth leadership
                Whole organisation (staff and Board)          49%        47%
                                                                                   transition in the event of senior executive movements. Separate
                                                                                   succession planning discussions are also held as appropriate
                Leadership/management roles                   35%        42%       during the year.

                Senior executive (CEO & direct reports)       44%        43%

                Board                                         50%        40%




              Principle 2: Structure the Board to be effective and add value
              2.1 Board committees                                                 -    Board and director candidate identification, appointments,
              The Board has established two committees to assist in the                 elections, composition, independence, tenure and
              execution of its duties and to allow detailed consideration of            succession;
              complex issues. The appropriateness of the committee structure
                                                                                   -    Remuneration and incentive policies and practices generally;
              and membership is reviewed on an annual basis. Board
              committees are chaired by an independent director other than the     -    Remuneration packages and other terms of employment for
              Chairman of the Board. Where applicable, matters determined by            executive directors, other senior executives and non-
              committees are submitted to the full Board as recommendations             executive directors;
              for Board decisions.                                                 -    The succession of the CEO and other senior executives;
                                                                                   -    Diversity related items;
              The committees established by the Board are:                         -    Board skills matrix;
              -    Remuneration and Nomination Committee; and
                                                                                   -    Background checks for director candidates;
              -    Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                                                   -    Provision and oversight of induction and training development
              Each committee’s charter sets out its role, responsibilities,             opportunities for directors; and
              composition and structure. The committee charters are reviewed       -    Minimum shareholding requirements for non-executive
              annually and were last reviewed in March 2022. Committee                  directors (if any).
              charters are available at
              www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                              The Remuneration and Nomination Committee charter is available
                                                                                   at www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
              Both committees report regularly to the Board and minutes of
              committee meetings are provided to the Board.                        2.1.2 Audit and Risk committee
                                                                                   For the entire reporting period to 30 June 2022, the Audit and Risk
              2.1.1 Remuneration and Nomination Committee                          Committee comprised of at least three independent non-executive
              For the entire reporting period to 30 June 2022, the Remuneration    directors. P R Turvey was granted a special leave of absence
              and Nomination Committee comprised of at least three                 during the year before his resignation in July 2021 for health
              independent non-executive directors. P R Turvey was granted a        reasons.
              special leave of absence during the year before his resignation in
              July 2021 for health reasons.                                        At the date of this report, the Audit and Risk Committee is
                                                                                   comprised of four independent non-executive directors consisting
              At the date of this report, the Remuneration and Nomination          of the following:
              Committee is comprised of four independent non-executive
              directors, consisting of the following:                                        Mr D McIntyre (Acting Chair)
                                                                                             Mr R B Thomas
                        Ms Z Peach (Chair)                                                   Ms Z Peach
                        Mr R B Thomas                                                        Ms L Cheng
                        Ms L Cheng
                        Dr J R Davies                                              Details of these directors’ qualifications and attendance at
                                                                                   committee meetings are set out in the directors’ report on pages
              Details of these directors’ qualifications and attendance at         13 to 20.
              committee meetings are set out in the directors’ report on pages
              13 to 20.                                                            Each member of the Audit and Risk Committee is financially
                                                                                   literate, and jointly possess a number of relevant finance
              The charter of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee deals       qualifications and experience. As a collective, the members of the
              with items, to the extent delegated by the Board, related to         Audit and Risk Committee between them have substantial
              reviewing and making recommendations to the Board in respect of      financial, accounting and risk management related/technical
              the following:                                                       expertise, as well as a sufficient understanding of the
                                                                                   biotechnology industry, to be able to discharge the committee’s

                                                                                                       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   47

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                              47
               Corporate Governance Statement

               mandate effectively. Members have held relevant senior positions       The results of the matrix show that there are four or more directors
               in companies and organisations, including in finance and risk          with intermediate to deep skills and experience in each of the
               management and are or have been members of other corporate             fourteen areas above. The Board reviews the matrix at least
               audit committees, including ASX-listed companies. Such positions       annually to ensure it covers the skills needed to serve the existing
               include chief financial officer, head of risk management and           and emerging areas of Starpharma’s business.
               Chairman of Corporate Risk Management Committee, M&A
               director, and broker/analyst roles. Mr McIntyre is a CPA, and Mr       The breadth and depth of the desired skills and experience
               Thomas is approved under the NSW prequalification scheme for           represented by the directors is notable considering the size of the
               Audit and Risk Committee Independent Chairs and Members for            Board, and no existing or projected competency gaps have been




For personal use only
               government/public sector agencies.                                     identified. This process provides an important input to succession
               Ms Cheng was appointed to the Audit and Risk Committee on              planning for the Board.
               1 August 2021. Ms Cheng has a strong background in finance with
               more than 25 years of experience as a finance executive and            Having regard to the current and future activities of the group, the
               having previously served as Chair of an audit and risk committee       Board considers that collectively it has the appropriate skills and
               for a large organisation.                                              experience in each area listed above.

               The Board continually reviews committee membership to ensure           2.3 Board members
               the appropriate qualifications, skills and experience, which are       Details of the members of the Board, their experience,
               currently optimal.                                                     qualifications, term of office and independence status are set out in
                                                                                      the directors’ report under the heading “Information on Directors”.
               The committee meets at least twice a year, and has direct access       There are five non-executive directors, all of whom are deemed
               to the company’s auditor.                                              independent under the principles set out below, and one executive
                                                                                      director, at the date of signing the directors’ report. The Board
               The charter of the Audit and Risk Committee deals with items, to       seeks to ensure that:
               the extent delegated by the Board, related to reviewing and            – at any point in time, its membership represents an appropriate
               making recommendations to the Board in respect of the following:         balance between directors with experience and knowledge of the
               -    Annual report, half-year financial report and financial             group and directors with an external or fresh perspective; and
                    forecasts or guidance given to the market;                        – the size of the Board is appropriate for the company and
               -    Systems of risk management and internal controls and review         conducive to effective discussion and efficient decision-making.
                    and recommendations on certain material exposure;
               -    All aspects related to the external auditor;                      The Board reviews the commitments of each non-executive
                                                                                      director, such as other directorships, to consider each director’s
               -    Related party transactions;                                       capacity to dedicate sufficient time to the company.
               -    Material incidents; and
               -    Insurance.                                                        Starpharma’s CEO also sits on the board of listed small-cap
                                                                                      investment company Mirrabooka as a non-executive director. This
               The Audit and Risk Committee charter is available at                   external post exposes both Dr Fairley and Starpharma to insights
               www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance                                from institutional investors and further extends the company’s
                                                                                      network and provides her with a different vantage point. Dr Fairley
               2.2 Board skills                                                       remains fully committed to her CEO role at Starpharma and the
               Part of the role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is       Board has carefully considered the time commitment to ensure her
               to assist the Board to review the Board’s composition and              leadership of Starpharma is not impacted.
               succession planning. Both the Board and the Remuneration and
               Nomination Committee work to ensure that the Board continues to        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee and Board
               have the right balance and mix of diversity (including gender),        assessed the executive and non-executive roles held by David
               skills, experience, background and independence necessary to           McIntyre and Lynda Cheng in relation to their time commitment,
               discharge its responsibilities.                                        and determined they each had adequate time available to serve on
                                                                                      Starpharma’s Board.
               The current composition of Starpharma’s Board includes directors
               with core industry experience, as well as senior finance, legal and    2.4 Directors’ independence
               risk management experience, essential for the Audit and Risk           The Board charter contains guidelines for assessing the materiality
               Committee.                                                             of directors’ relationships that may affect their independence.
                                                                                      These guidelines are aligned with the 4th Edition CGC
               A skills and experience matrix is used to review the combined          Recommendations. The Board charter is available at
               capabilities of the Board. A mix of general and specialty skills and   www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
               experience areas critical to the success of the company are
               selected for directors to assess themselves against. Each area is      The Board reviews the independence of directors before they are
               closely linked to the company’s core objectives and strategy.          appointed, on an annual basis and at any other time where the
                                                                                      circumstances of a director change such as to require
               The directors rated the depth of their skill and experience in each    reassessment. Factors relevant for the assessment of
               of the following areas:                                                independence include tenure, business relationships.
                        1.    Leadership in healthcare and/or scientific research;
                                                                                      Length of tenure
                        2.    Pharmaceutical/product development and supply chain;
                        3.    International experience;                               The Board considered the length of tenure of Ms Zita Peach who
                        4.    Regulation/public policy;                               has served as a director at the date of this report for approximately
                        5.    Licensing and commercialisation of innovation;          11 years. The Board is satisfied that Ms Peach maintains
                        6.    Science and technology                                  appropriate independence from management despite her length of
                        7.    Sales, marketing and business development;              tenure and therefore this factor is not considered to impact Ms
                        8.    Governance;                                             Peach’s assessed independence.
                        9.    Strategy & risk management;
                        10.   Accounting/corporate finance;                           Business relationships with the company
                        11.   Health, safety & environment;                           The Board considered the independence of Dr Jeff Davies who is
                        12.   Remuneration;                                           also a director and shareholder of Centre for Biopharmaceutical
                        13.   M&A/capital markets; and                                Excellence Pty Ltd, a life sciences consulting firm. The firm
                        14.   Audit and risk.
                                                                                      provides ad hoc consulting services to the company’s subsidiary,
                                                                                      Starpharma Pty Ltd. The Board notes that the value of this

               48       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022


               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                              48
              Corporate Governance Statement

              consulting arrangement is not material, is typically provided by        executives. The Board has established the functions delegated to
              principals other than Dr Jeff Davies and on normal commercial           the CEO. The CEO is responsible for implementing company
              terms. As such, this relationship is not considered to impact Dr        strategies and policies, and for the day-to-day business operations
              Davies’ assessed independence.                                          of the group in accordance with the strategic objectives of the
                                                                                      group as approved by the Board from time to time.
              2.4.1 Independence Assessment
              The Board has determined that all non-executive directors are           In accordance with current practice, the company’s policy is for the
                                                                                      roles of Chairman and CEO to be undertaken by separate people.
              independent at the date of this report. The CEO is not considered
              independent by virtue of being an executive director and a member




For personal use only
                                                                                      2.6 Director induction and professional development
              of management.                                                          The Remuneration and Nomination Committee oversees, reviews
                                                                                      and makes recommendations to the Board in relation to the
              2.5 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)                          induction, training and development of non-executive directors, to
              The current Chairman, Mr Thomas, is an independent non-                 ensure they have access to appropriate learning and development
              executive director appointed in 2013 and Chairman in June 2014.         opportunities to develop and maintain the skills and knowledge
              The CEO, Dr Jackie Fairley, was appointed as a director and CEO         required to effectively perform in their role as a director.
              on 1 July 2006. The Chairman is responsible for leading the Board,
              ensuring directors are properly briefed in all matters relevant to      The Board receives regular updates at Board meetings and Board
              their role and responsibilities, facilitating Board discussions and     workshops which assist directors in keeping up to date with
              managing the Board’s relationship with the group’s senior               relevant market and industry developments.


              Principle 3: Instil a culture of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly
              3.1 Values                                                              undesirable behaviour to ensure that Starpharma’s Code of
              Starpharma prides itself on a strong culture based on                   conduct and other policies are promoted and implemented, and
              accountability, performance, and ethical behaviours. The                that compliance with the law is maintained.
              company’s core values are disclosed in its code of conduct, anti-
              bribery and corruption policy, whistleblower policy, discrimination,    3.4 Anti-bribery and corruption policy
              harassment and bullying policy, diversity and other policies, and is    Starpharma has an anti-bribery and corruption policy which sets
              reported in its Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)            out responsibilities in relation to key areas of fraud, corruption, and
              Report.                                                                 bribery; gifts and entertainment; and political donations. Breaches
                                                                                      of this policy may result in disciplinary action up to and potentially
              3.2 Code of conduct                                                     including dismissal.
              The Board is committed to the principles underpinning best
              practice in corporate governance, with a commitment to the              The group has not had any material breaches in relation to its code
              highest standards of legislative compliance and financial and           of conduct, whistleblower policy or anti-bribery and corruption
              ethical behaviour. The company has established a code of conduct        policy, and if such an event were to occur, Starpharma’s directors
              reflecting the core values of the company and setting out the           would be appropriately informed. Starpharma’s policies, including
              standards of ethical behaviour expected of directors, officers and      the code of conduct, whistleblower policy and anti-bribery and
              employees in all dealings and relationships including with              corruption policy are available at
              shareholders, contractors, customers and suppliers, and with the        www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.
              group. The code of conduct is provided to new starters as part of
              their induction and behaviour is continually monitored to ensure        3.5 Environmental policy and Climate change position
              compliance.                                                             Starpharma has an environmental policy and a statement of its
                                                                                      position on climate change
              The code of conduct is reviewed periodically and was last updated
              in March 2022. The code of conduct covers employment practices,         Information on the company’s environmental policy and its climate
              equal opportunity, harassment and bullying, conflicts of interest,      change mitigation activities are detailed in its ESG Report
              use of group assets and disclosure of confidential information.         available on its website at
                                                                                      www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance.
              3.3 Whistleblower policy
              Starpharma has a whistleblower policy which sets out the
              procedures for reporting of instances of illegal, fraudulent, or


              Principle 4: Safeguard the integrity of corporate reports
              4.1 Audit and Risk Committee                                            available to answer questions shareholders may have in relation to
              The company has established an Audit and Risk Committee                 the Auditor’s Report and the conduct of the audit
              consisting of at least three independent non-executive directors.
              Details regarding composition, meetings and charter are set out in      4.2 CEO and CFO declarations for financial statements
              sections 2.1 and 2.1.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement.          Before the Board approves the company’s financial statements for
                                                                                      the half year or full year, the CEO and the CFO are required to
              External auditors                                                       provide a declaration that, in their opinion, the financial records of
              The company’s policy is to appoint an external auditor who clearly      the entity have been properly maintained and that the financial
              demonstrates quality and independence. The performance of the           statements comply with the appropriate accounting standards and
              external auditor is reviewed annually. The current auditor,             give a true and fair view of the financial position and performance
              PricewaterhouseCoopers, has been the external auditor of the            of the entity and that the opinion has been formed on the basis of a
              company since it commenced operations. It is                            sound system of risk management and internal control which is
              PricewaterhouseCoopers’ policy to rotate audit engagement               operating effectively.
              partners on listed companies at least every five years.
              Starpharma’s audit engagement partner was last appointed in             These declarations have been provided by the CEO and CFO to
              FY20. An analysis of fees paid to the external auditor is provided in   the Board in respect of the 2022 half year financial statements and
              note 20 to the FY22 financial statements in this annual report.         the 2022 full year financial statements which are included in this
                                                                                      annual report.
              It is the policy of the external auditor to provide an annual
              declaration of their independence to the Audit and Risk
              Committee. The external auditor attends each AGM and is
                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   49

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                  49
               Corporate Governance Statement

               4.3 Verification process for unaudited reports                        relevant staff to allow the CEO and CFO to make appropriate
               The company has established processes for management to               certifications prior to approval of Starpharma’s quarterly cashflow
               review, and verify the accuracy of information and ensure the         and activities report. Where appropriate, the company uses a
               appropriate balance of information in its corporate reporting. For    documented verification process for the information and data
               example, the group’s management has procedures in place with          contained in other reports, such as the ESG report.

               Principle 5: Make timely and balanced disclosures
               5.1. Continuous disclosure policy




For personal use only
               The company has developed a continuous disclosure and                 Except in exceptional circumstances, all ASX announcements
               shareholder communication policy to ensure compliance with the        (other than standard compliance announcements or newsletters
               ASX Listing Rules and to facilitate effective communication with      with no new material information) require the approval of the Chair,
               shareholders.                                                         or another non-executive director in his absence.

               The Board has appointed the Company Secretary as the person           A copy of the policy is available on the company’s website at
               responsible for disclosure of information to the ASX. The CEO and     www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance
               Company Secretary are responsible for ensuring that all
               announcements made by Starpharma to the ASX are accurate,             5.2. Board promptly receives material announcements
               balanced and comply with legal and ASX requirements, and are          To ensure directors have visibility of Starpharma’s market
               expressed in a clear and objective manner that allows an investor     disclosures, the Board receives copies of all ASX announcements
               or its professional advisers to understand its ramifications and to   promptly as they are lodged with the ASX.
               assess its impact on the price or value of Starpharma securities.
                                                                                     5.3. Investor presentations
               The policy also sets out the requirements for ensuring compliance     AGM presentations and any investor presentations containing
               with the continuous disclosure requirements of the ASX Listing        material new information are disclosed, in accordance with ASX
               Rules and overseeing and co-ordinating disclosure to the ASX,         Listing Rule 3.1. From time to time, the company will participate in
               analysts, brokers, shareholders, the media and the public.            investor, industry and scientific conferences, and for those events
                                                                                     would typically publish an accompanying presentation on its
               Procedures have been established for reviewing whether there is       website, or lodge it on the ASX announcements platform, as
               any price sensitive information that should be disclosed to the
                                                                                     appropriate.
               market or whether any price sensitive information may have been
               inadvertently disclosed.


               Principle 6: Respect the rights of shareholders
               6.1 Information on website                                            Shareholders are given the opportunity, through the Chair, to ask
               The company provides ready access to its shareholders and             general questions of the Board. Shareholders who are unable to
               members of the public to information about the company and its        attend the meeting in person may submit written questions
               governance on its website at www.starpharma.com                       together with their proxy form, to be addressed in the Chair’s
                                                                                     address, the CEO’s presentation or put to the meeting by the
               6.2 Communication with investors                                      Chair. For the 2021 AGM, the company used technology to
               The company recognises that shareholders may not be aware of          conduct a virtual AGM, which included the ability for shareholders
               all group developments at all times, notwithstanding the release of   to ask questions. The external auditor attends each AGM and is
               information to the ASX in accordance with the company’s               available to answer questions shareholders may have in relation to
               continuous disclosure policy and the law. In addition to ensuring     the Auditor’s Report and the conduct of the audit.
               that all ASX announcements and company reports are available on
               the company’s website as soon as possible following confirmation      6.4 Voting by poll
               by the ASX of receipt of the announcement, the company will send      All resolutions at Starpharma’s shareholder meetings are voted on
               to each shareholder who has so requested, either by email or post     by poll rather than by show of hands.
               to their nominated address, annual reports.
                                                                                     6.5 Electronic communication with the company and its share
               ASX announcements are also posted on the OTCQX website
                                                                                     registry
               (www.otcmarkets.com) in order to provide timely disclosure to US      Shareholders and other interested parties are able to subscribe to
               investors trading in the company’s Level One ADRs                     Starpharma news via the company’s website or to certain
               (OTCQX:SPHRY). The company’s website also has an option for           information via the company’s share registry. Significant ASX
               shareholders to register their email address for direct email         announcements and financial reports are emailed to subscribers
               updates which the company may send for material company               promptly following confirmation by the ASX of receipt of the
               matters to, where they have previously been released to ASX and       relevant report or announcement.
               OTCQX.
                                                                                     Shareholders are also able to contact the company or submit
               6.3 Participation at Annual General Meetings                          questions or comments to the company’s investor relations email
               The AGM is generally held in November each year. The Notice of        address, and where appropriate, a response will be provided. No
               Meeting and related Explanatory Notes are distributed to              price sensitive information will be provided unless previously
               shareholders in accordance with the requirements of the               released to the ASX.
               Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

               The AGM provides an opportunity for the Board to communicate
               with shareholders through the Chair’s address and the CEO’s
               presentation.




               50       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022


               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                          50
              Corporate Governance Statement

              Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk
              7.1. Audit and Risk Committee                                              and describes the responsibilities and authorities of the Board, the
              The company has established an Audit and Risk Committee                    Audit and Risk Committee, the CEO, CFO & Company Secretary,
              consisting of at least three independent non-executive directors.          and the senior management team. A summary of the policy is
              Details regarding its composition, meetings and charter are set out        available on the company’s website at
              in section 2.1 and 2.1.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement.           www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance




For personal use only
              7.2 Risk assessment and management                                         The CEO and CFO & Company Secretary are responsible to the
              The Board, through the Audit and Risk Committee, is responsible            Board through the Audit and Risk Committee for the overall
              for ensuring there are adequate policies in relation to risk               implementation of the risk management program. During the
              management, compliance and internal control systems. The                   financial year management has reported to the Board as to the
              company operates in a challenging and dynamic environment, and             effectiveness of the group’s management of its material risks.
              risk management is viewed as integral to realising new
              opportunities as well as identifying issues that may have an               7.3 Internal audit function
              adverse effect on the company’s existing operations and its                Given the size of the company, there is no internal audit function.
              sustainability. The company is committed to a proactive approach           As detailed in section 7.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement,
              towards risk management throughout its entire business                     detailed risk assessments are carried out in respect of a wide
              operations. The Board aims to ensure that effective risk                   range of items, and where appropriate and possible, risk mitigation
              management practices become embedded in the company’s                      strategies are implemented to minimise the chance of the risks
              culture and in the way activities are carried out at all levels of the     occurring, and to minimise any impact where a risk eventuates.
              group. The Board and management recognise the importance that
              risk management plays in ensuring the business is able to fully            7.4 Sustainability risks and management
              capitalise on the opportunities available to it, as well as mitigating     The company’s key economic, environmental and social
              potential loss.                                                            sustainability risks are outlined on page 19 of the directors’ report
                                                                                         and the company’s ESG Report available on Starpharma’s
              Health and safety are considered to be of paramount importance             website.
              and are the focus of significant risk management activities within
              the group. Other risk areas that are addressed include product             In addition to the risk assessment and management strategies
              liability, business continuity, cyber-security, reputation, intellectual   outlined in section 7.2 of this Corporate Governance Statement
              property, product development, clinical trials and the                     and set out under “Risk Management” on page 19 of the directors’
              environmental. Adherence to the code of conduct is required at all         report, the company utilises a number of risk mitigation strategies
              times and the Board actively promotes a culture of quality and             including employing qualified staff and consultants, external
              integrity. The Board has required management to design and                 advisors, maintaining a portfolio/pipeline of products and
              implement a risk management and internal control system to
                                                                                         applications, and holding insurance in a number of areas.
              manage the group’s material business risks. The risk management
              policy sets out policies for the oversight of material business risks,


              Principle 8: Remunerate fairly and responsibly
              8.1 Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                  Executive directors and senior management receive a mix of fixed
              The company has established a Remuneration and Nomination                  and variable pay, comprising both cash and equity incentives.
              Committee consisting of at least three independent non-executive
              directors. Details regarding composition, meetings and charter are         Non-executive directors receive fees only and do not receive
              set out in sections 2.1 and 2.1.1 of this Corporate Governance             bonus payments or equity incentives. Non-executive directors do
              Statement.                                                                 not receive termination/retirement benefits, whereas executive
                                                                                         directors and senior management are entitled to termination
              8.2 Non-executive and executive remuneration                               payments in accordance with the terms of their contracts (detailed
              Each member of the senior executive team has signed a formal               on page 40).
              employment contract covering a range of matters including their
              duties, rights, responsibilities and any entitlements on termination.      8.3 Prohibition on hedging of unvested/restricted entitlements
              Each role has a position description which is reviewed by the CEO          Employees are prohibited from entering into transactions in
              (or the committee in the case of the CEO) and relevant executive.          products which limit the economic risk of any equity granted under
              Further information on directors’ and executives’ remuneration,            an employee incentive scheme which are unvested or subject to a
              including principles used to determine remuneration, is set out in         disposal restriction. Details in relation to this policy are contained
              the remuneration report on pages 21 to 42.                                 in the securities dealing policy which is available at
                                                                                         www.starpharma.com/corporate_governance




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    51
                                                                                                                                                                 51
               Annual Financial Report for the year ended 30 June 2022



               Contents

                            Consolidated Income Statement                                                                                                        53

                            Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                                       54




For personal use only
                            Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                                                           55

                            Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                          56

                            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                                                                 57

                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                       58

                            Directors’ Declaration                                                                                                               80

                            Independent Audit Report to the Members                                                                                              81




               These financial statements are the consolidated financial statements for the consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited and
               its subsidiaries (collectively, “the group”). The financial statements are presented in dollars denominated in Australian currency. Starpharma
               Holdings Limited is a public company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in the State of Victoria, Australia.

               Its registered office and principal place of business is:

                              Starpharma Holdings Limited
                              4-6 Southampton Crescent
                              Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067
                              Australia

               A description of the nature of the group’s operations and its principal activities is included in the Chief Executive Officer’s Report on pages 3 to
               11 and in the operating and financial review in the Directors’ Report on pages 16 to 20, which are not part of this financial report.

               The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 25 August 2022. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the
               financial report.

               Through the use of the internet, Starpharma ensures that corporate reporting is timely and complete. All recent press releases, financial reports
               and other information are available on the group’s website (www.starpharma.com), as well as ASX announcements and releases available via
               the Australian Securities Exchange (www2.asx.com.au/markets/trade-our-cash-market/historical-announcements).




               52       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                     52
              Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended 30 June 2022


                                                                                                           30 June 2022                       30 June 2021
                                                                                      Notes                          $'000                             $'000

                Continuing operations
                Revenue                                                                 5                            4,899                             2,151
                Cost of goods sold                                                                                  (2,776)                             (791)




For personal use only
                Other income                                                            5                              263                             1,336
                Research and product development expense
                (net of R&D tax incentive)                                              6                          (11,680)                         (15,075)
                Commercial and regulatory operating expense                             6                           (3,568)                           (3,336)
                Corporate, administration and finance expense                           6                           (3,292)                           (4,017)
                Loss before income tax                                                                             (16,154)                         (19,732)
                Income tax expense                                                      7                                  -                                  -
                Loss from continuing operations attributable to equity holders
                of the company                                                                                     (16,154)                         (19,732)




                Loss per share for loss from continuing operations attributable
                to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                                             $                                   $
                Basic loss per share                                                    26                          ($0.04)                           ($0.05)
                Diluted loss per share                                                  26                          ($0.04)                           ($0.05)


              The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                  53
                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   53
              Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 30 June 2022


                                                                                                             30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                      $'000                $'000

                Loss for the period                                                                                (16,154)             (19,732)


                Other comprehensive income (loss)
                Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss                                                          -                    -




For personal use only
                Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                          -                    -
                Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                                   (16,154)             (19,732)


              The above statement of consolidated comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                   54
               54       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
              Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2022


                                                                                                       30 June 2022                           30 June 2021
                                                                              Notes                               $'000                                $'000

                Current Assets
                Cash and cash equivalents                                       8                                49,918                               60,500
                Trade and other receivables                                     9                                 7,916                                8,534
                Inventories                                                     10                                2,824                                1,721




For personal use only
                Total Current Assets                                                                             60,658                               70,755


                Non-Current Assets
                Property, plant and equipment                                   11                                1,336                                1,373
                Right-of-use assets                                             13                                4,181                                1,110
                Total Non-Current Assets                                                                          5,517                                2,483
                Total Assets                                                                                     66,175                               73,238


                Current Liabilities
                Trade and other payables                                        12                                7,731                                7,954
                Lease liabilities                                               13                                 695                                    692
                Provision for employee benefits                                 14                                1,339                                1,371
                Deferred income                                                 5                                  466                                    412
                Total Current Liabilities                                                                        10,231                               10,429


                Non-Current Liabilities
                Borrowings                                                      15                                4,000                                        -
                Lease liabilities                                               13                                3,494                                   475
                Provision for employee benefits                                 14                                  57                                        34
                Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                                     7,551                                   509
                Total Liabilities                                                                                17,782                               10,938
                Net Assets                                                                                       48,393                               62,300


                Equity
                Contributed capital                                             16                              240,669                             240,630
                Reserves                                                        17                               26,285                               24,077
                Accumulated losses                                              18                          (218,561)                              (202,407)
                Total Equity                                                                                     48,393                               62,300


              The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                   55
                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    55
              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 30 June 2022


                                                                                            Contributed       Reserves      Accumulated        Total
                                                                                                 capital                         losses
                                                                                                                                              equity
                                                                           Notes                   $'000           $'000            $'000      $'000

                Balance at 1 July 2020                                                           193,661         20,340          (182,675)    31,326
                Loss for the year                                                                       -              -          (19,732)   (19,732)




For personal use only
                Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                       -              -                 -           -
                Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                          -              -          (19,732)   (19,732)
                Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                Contributions of equity, net of transaction costs                                 46,931               -                 -    46,931
                Employee share plans                                        16                        38               -                 -        38
                Employee performance rights plan                            17                          -          3,737                 -     3,737
                Total transactions with owners                                                    46,969           3,737                 -    50,706
                Balance at 30 June 2021                                                          240,630         24,077          (202,407)    62,300
                Loss for the year                                                                       -              -          (16,154)   (16,154)
                Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                       -              -                 -           -
                Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                          -              -          (16,154)   (16,154)
                Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                Employee share plans                                        16                        39               -                 -        39
                Employee performance rights plan                            17                          -          2,208                 -     2,208
                Total transactions with owners                                                        39           2,208                 -     2,247
                Balance at 30 June 2022                                                          240,669         26,285          (218,561)    48,393


              The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                    56
               56       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 30 June 2022


                                                                                                             30 June 2022                      30 June 2021
                                                                                     Notes                            $'000                             $'000

                Cash Flows from Operating Activities
                Receipts from trade and other debtors (inclusive of GST)                                              4,846                             2,436
                Grant income and R&D tax incentives (inclusive of GST)                                                8,165                             7,103
                Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of GST)                                             (26,292)                          (24,652)




For personal use only
                Interest received                                                                                         166                             362
                Interest paid                                                                                             (47)                            (57)
                Net cash outflows from operating activities                            25                          (13,162)                          (14,808)


                Cash Flow from Investing Activities
                Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                            (837)                              (246)
                Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale financial assets                                                   1                                  -

                Net cash outflows from investing activities                                                           (836)                              (246)


                Cash Flow from Financing Activities
                Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                                -                         48,862
                Share issue transaction costs                                                                                -                        (1,931)
                Proceeds from borrowings                                                                              4,000                                    -
                Lease repayments                                                                                      (772)                              (628)
                Net cash inflows (outflows) from financing activities                                                 3,228                            46,303


                Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents held                                          (10,770)                            31,249
                Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                              60,500                             30,054
                Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                             188                            (803)
                Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                    49,918                             60,500


              The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                   57
                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022       57
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022


              Contents

               1.       Significant Accounting Policies                                                          59

               2.       Financial Risk Management                                                                63




For personal use only
               3.       Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements                                             64

               4.       Segment Information                                                                      64

               5.       Revenue and Other Income                                                                 64

               6.       Expenses                                                                                 65

               7.       Income Tax Expense                                                                       66

               8.       Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents                                               67

               9.       Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables                                             68

               10.      Current Assets – Inventories                                                             68

               11.      Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment                                       69

               12.      Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables                                           70

               13.      Current and Non-Current Assets/Liabilities – Leases                                      70

               14.      Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits                    70

               15.      Non-Current Liabilities – Borrowings                                                     71

               16.      Contributed Equity                                                                       71

               17.      Reserves                                                                                 72

               18.      Accumulated Losses                                                                       72

               19.      Related Party Transactions                                                               72

               20.      Remuneration of Auditors                                                                 73

               21.      Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date                                            73

               22.      Commitments                                                                              73

               23.      Contingencies                                                                            73

               24.      Subsidiaries                                                                             73

               25.      Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities   74

               26.      Earnings Per Share                                                                       74

               27.      Share-Based Payments                                                                     74

               28.      Parent Entity Financial Information                                                      79




              Starpharma
              58          Holdings
                   STARPHARMA        Limited
                              HOLDINGS         Annual
                                       LIMITED |        Report2022
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                   58
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              1. Significant Accounting Policies

              The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of         (vi) Going Concern
              these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These
                                                                                      For the year ended 30 June 2022, the group has incurred losses
              policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
                                                                                      from continuing operations of $16,154,000 (2021: $19,732,000)
              unless otherwise stated. The financial statements are for the
                                                                                      and experienced net cash outflows of $13,162,000 from operations
              consolidated entity consisting of Starpharma Holdings Limited (“the
                                                                                      (2021: $14,808,000), as disclosed in the income statement and
              company” or “parent entity”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, “the
                                                                                      statement of cash flows, respectively. The group is in the
              group” or “the consolidated entity”).




For personal use only
                                                                                      development and early commercialisation phase, and given the
                                                                                      entity’s strategic plans, the directors are satisfied regarding the
              (a) Basis of preparation                                                availability of working capital for the period up to at least 31 August
              These general purpose financial statements have been prepared           2023. Accordingly, the directors have prepared the financial report
              in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and                  on a going concern basis in the belief that the consolidated entity
              Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards           will realise its assets and settle its liabilities and commitments in
              Board and the Corporations Act 2001. Starpharma Holdings                the normal course of business and for at least the amounts stated
              Limited is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the         in the financial report.
              financial statements.
                                                                                      (b) Principles of consolidation
              (i) Compliance with IFRS                                                (i) Subsidiaries
              The consolidated financial statements of the group also comply          The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and
              with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued       liabilities of all subsidiaries of the group as at 30 June 2022 and
              by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                 the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended.

              (ii) New and amended standards adopted by the group                     Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over
              The group has applied the following standards and amendments            which the group has control. The group controls an entity when the
              for the first time for the annual reporting period commencing 1 July    group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
              2021:                                                                   involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
                                                                                      returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
                       AASB 2020-4 Amendments to Australian Accounting               Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control
                        Standards – Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions [AASB 16],      is transferred to the group. They are deconsolidated from the date
                        and                                                           that control ceases. The group has one subsidiary, Starpharma
                                                                                      Pty Limited.
                       AASB 2020-8 Amendments to Australian Accounting
                        Standards – Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
                                                                                      Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on
                        [AASB 4, AASB 7, AASB 9, AASB 16 & AASB 139].
                                                                                      transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised
                                                                                      losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
              The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the
                                                                                      evidence of the impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting
              amounts recognised in prior periods and are not expected to
                                                                                      policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to
              significantly affect the current or future periods.
                                                                                      ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the group.

              (iii) Early adoption of standards
                                                                                      (c) Segment reporting
              The group has not elected to apply any pronouncements before
                                                                                      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
              their operative date in the annual reporting period beginning
                                                                                      internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker.
              1 July 2021.
                                                                                      The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for
                                                                                      allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
              (iv) Historical cost convention                                         segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer.
              These financial statements have been prepared under the
              historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of           (d) Foreign currency translation
              available-for-sale financial assets, financial assets and liabilities
                                                                                      (i) Functional and presentation currency
              (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit or
              loss, certain classes of property, plant and equipment and              Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s
              investment property.                                                    entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
                                                                                      environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’).
                                                                                      The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian
              (v) Critical accounting estimates
                                                                                      dollars, which is the company’s functional and presentation
              The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain     currency.
              critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to
              exercise its judgement in the process of applying the group’s           (ii) Transactions and balances
              accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of
                                                                                      Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional
              judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and
                                                                                      currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
              estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed
                                                                                      transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from
              in note 3.
                                                                                      the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at
                                                                                      year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities
                                                                                      denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.

                                                                                      Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are
                                                                                      presented in the income statement, within finance costs. All other
                                                                                      foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the income
                                                                                      statement on a net basis within other income or other expenses.




                                                                                                            STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   59

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                   59
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              (e) Revenue recognition                                                   grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
              The accounting policies for the group’s revenue from contracts            identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash
              with customers are explained in note 5.                                   inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash generating
                                                                                        units).
              (f) Government grants
                                                                                        (j) Cash and cash equivalents
              Grants from the Australian government are recognised at their fair
              value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be        For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows,
              received and the group will comply with all relevant conditions.          cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held
              Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised           with financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid




For personal use only
              in the income statement over the period necessary to match them           investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash
              with the costs that they are intended to compensate. All                  and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
              government grants, with the exception of the Australian                   The amount of significant cash and cash equivalents not available
              Government Research & Development Tax Incentive (note 3(ii)),             for use is disclosed in note 8.
              are recorded in the income statement within Other Income (note
              5).                                                                       (k) Trade receivables
                                                                                        Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and
              (g) Income tax                                                            subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
              The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax               interest method, less any allowance for expected credit loss. Trade
              payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the               receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 to 60 days.
              applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by             They are presented as current assets unless collection is not
              changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to            expected for more than 12 months after the reporting date.
              temporary differences and to unused tax losses. Deferred tax              Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis.
              assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at        The group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring
              the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are recovered or          expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss
              liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted       allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. To
              or substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax          measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and
              rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and             contract assets are grouped based on shared credit risk
              taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or        characteristics and the days past due. An expected credit loss is
              liability. An exception is made for certain temporary differences         recognised when there is objective evidence that the group will not
              arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No       be able to collect the relevant receivable.
              deferred tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these
              temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other than a        (l) Inventories
              business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not         Raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at
              affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax   the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes
              assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and            expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them
              unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable amounts      to their existing condition and location. Costs are assigned to
              will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.      individual items of inventory on the basis of weighted average.
              Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary      costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
              differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of                  deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the
              investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to     estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
              control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and       estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary
              it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable   to make the sale.
              future. Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts
              recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity are
              also recognised directly in other comprehensive income or equity,         (m) Investments and other financial assets
              respectively. The company and its wholly-owned Australian                 (i) Classification
              controlled entity, Starpharma Pty Limited, are not consolidated for       The group classifies its financial assets in the following
              tax purposes.                                                             measurement categories:
                                                                                           those to be measured subsequently at fair value, and
              (i) Investment allowances and similar tax incentives                         those to be measured at amortised cost.
              Companies within the group may be entitled to claim special tax
              deductions for investments in qualifying assets or in relation to         The classification depends on the each entity’s business model for
              qualifying expenditure (eg. investment allowances). The group             managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the
              accounts for such allowances as tax credits, which means that the         cash flows.
              allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax expense. A
              deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that are       The group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its
              carried forward as deferred tax assets.                                   business model for managing those assets changes.

              (h) Leases                                                                (ii) Loans and other receivables
              The group’s leasing policy is described in note 13.                       Loans and other receivables are non-derivative financial assets
                                                                                        with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
                                                                                        active market. They are included in current assets, except for
              (i) Impairment of assets                                                  those with maturities greater than 12 months after the reporting
              Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite life are not       date which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and
              subject to amortisation. They are tested annually for impairment or       receivables are included in trade and other receivables (note 9) in
              more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that       the balance sheet.
              they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment
              whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the
              carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
              recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
              exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the
              higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in
              use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are




               60       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                             60
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              (n) Property, plant and equipment and leasehold                           (r) Employee benefits
              improvements                                                              (i) Short-term obligations
              Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less           Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits,
              depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly       annual and long-service leave expected to be settled within 12
              attributable to the acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are        months after the end of the period in which the employees render
              included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a                the related service are recognised in respect of employees’
              separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future      services up to the period and are measured at the amounts
              economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group         expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liability for
              and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying           annual and long service leave is recognised in the provision for
              amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is




For personal use only
                                                                                        employee benefits. All other short-term employee benefit
              derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance             obligations are presented as payables.
              are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which
              they are incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line     (ii) Superannuation and Pension Benefits
              method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of the
              residual values, over their estimated useful lives. The expected          Group companies make the statutory superannuation guarantee
              useful lives are 2 to 20 years. The assets’ residual values and           contribution in respect of each employee to their nominated
              useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each           complying superannuation or pension fund. In certain
              balance sheet date. An asset’s carrying amount is written down            circumstances pursuant to an employee’s employment contract the
              immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying             group companies may also be required to make additional
              amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Gains            superannuation or pension contributions and/or agree to make
              and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds              salary sacrifice superannuation or pension contributions in addition
              with the carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss.           to the statutory guarantee contribution. The relevant entities legal
                                                                                        or constructive obligation is limited to the above contributions.
              The cost of improvements to or on leasehold properties is                 Contributions to the employees’ superannuation or pension plans
              amortised over the remaining notice period under the premises             are recognised as an expense as they become payable. Prepaid
              lease (being 6 months at the reporting date) or the estimated             contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash
              useful life of the improvement to the group, whichever is shorter.        refund or reduction in future payments is available.

                                                                                        (iii) Share-based payments
              (o) Intangible assets
                                                                                        Share-based compensation benefits are offered to employees via
              (i) Patents and licenses                                                  an Employee Performance Rights Plan and an Employee Share
              Costs associated with patents are expensed as incurred. Licenses          Plan ($1,000 Plan). Information relating to these plans is set out in
              and acquired patents with a finite useful life are carried at cost less   note 27 and in the remuneration report under the directors’ report.
              accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is
              calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of         The fair value of performance rights granted is recognised as an
              licenses and patents over the period of the expected benefit, which       employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
              is up to 20 years. As at the reporting date no patents or licenses        The fair value of employee services received, measured by
              are recognised as intangible assets.                                      reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the
                                                                                        vesting period. Depending on the performance measure of the
              (ii) Research and development                                             right vesting, the fair value at grant date represents either a
                                                                                        volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to
              Research and development expenditure is expensed as incurred              the grant date, or a value calculated using a hybrid Monte-Carlo-
              except that costs incurred on development projects, relating to the       trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute total
              design and testing of new or improved products, are recognised as         shareholder return (TSR) target, the term of the right, the share
              intangible assets when it is probable that the project will, after        price at grant date, the risk free rate, the expected dividend yield,
              considering its commercial and technical feasibility, be completed        expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant index,
              and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be                and the correlation between the share price and that index. The
              measured reliably. To date no research and development costs              fair value excludes the impact of any non-market vesting
              have been recognised as intangible assets.                                conditions (for example, profitability and sales growth targets).
                                                                                        Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about
              (p) Trade and other payables                                              the number of performance rights that are expected to become
              These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services                exercisable. At each reporting date, the entity revises its estimate
              provided to the group prior to the end of the financial year which        of the number of performance rights that are expected to become
              are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid                exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised in each
              within 30 to 45 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are         period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of
              presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12      the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in the
              months from the reporting date.                                           income statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                                                                                        Under the Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan) shares are issued
              (q) Provisions                                                            to employees for no cash consideration and vest at the earlier of
              Provisions for legal claims, service claims and make good                 three years or cessation of employment. On this date, the market
              obligations are recognised when the group has a present legal or          value of the shares issued is recognised as an employee benefits
              constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is more        expense with a corresponding increase in equity.
              probable than not that an outflow of resources will be required to
              settle the obligation and the amount has been reliably estimated.         (iv) Bonus payments
              Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses. Where
              there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an         The group recognises a liability and an expense for employee
              outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering       bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration
              the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even       performance criteria that have been set. The group recognises a
              if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item in the       provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past
              same class of obligations may be small. Provisions are measured           practice that has created a constructive obligation.
              at the present value of management’s best estimate for the
              expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the balance      For non-cash incentives where equity is granted, please refer to
              date. The discount rate used to determine the present value               note 27 and the remuneration report under the directors’ report.
              reflects current market assessment of the time, value of money,
              and the risks specific to the liability. The increase of the provision
              due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




                                                                                                              STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   61

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                     61
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              (v) Termination benefits                                                   (w) Goods and services tax (GST)
              Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated             Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount
              before the normal retirement date, or when an employee accepts             of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not recoverable
              voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The group             from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of
              recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed          the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
              to either terminating the employment of current employees                  Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of
              according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal      GST receivable from, or payable to, the taxation authority and are
              or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made to          included with other receivables or payables in the balance sheet.
              encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than             Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components




For personal use only
              12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to          of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are
              present value.                                                             recoverable from, or payable to the taxation authority, are
                                                                                         presented as operating cash flows.
              (s) Borrowings
              Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction      (x) Rounding of amounts
              costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at
              amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of                The company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations
              transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in              (Rounding Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191,
              profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective       issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission,
              interest method.                                                           relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the financial statements.
                                                                                         Amounts in the financial statements have been rounded off in
              Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the                     accordance with that Instrument to the nearest thousand dollars, or
              obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or           in certain cases, the nearest dollar.
              expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial
              liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party       (y) Parent entity financial information
              and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets                  The financial information for the parent entity disclosed in note 28
              transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as     has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial
              other income or finance costs.                                             statements, except as set out below.

              Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the group has
                                                                                         (i) Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities
              an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least
              12 months after the reporting period.                                      Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities
                                                                                         are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of the parent
              (t) Contributed equity                                                     entity. Dividends received from associates are recognised in the
              Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly       parent entity’s profit or loss when its right to receive the dividend is
              attributable to the issue of new shares or performance rights are          established.
              shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
              Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or      (ii) Share-based payments
              performance rights, for the acquisition of a business, are not
                                                                                         The grant by the parent entity of rights over its equity instruments
              included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the purchase
                                                                                         to the employees of subsidiary undertakings in the group is treated
              consideration.
                                                                                         as a capital contribution to that subsidiary undertaking. The fair
                                                                                         value of employee services received, measured by reference to
              (u) Dividends                                                              the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as
              Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being           an increase to investment in subsidiary undertakings, with a
              appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the            corresponding credit to equity.
              entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not
              distributed at the end of the reporting period.

              (v) Earnings per share
              (i) Basic earnings per share
              Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit
              attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of
              servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted
              average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
              financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares
              issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

              (ii) Diluted earnings per share
              Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the
              determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the
              after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs
              associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted
              average number of additional ordinary shares that would have
              been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential
              ordinary shares.




               62       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                  62
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              2. Financial Risk Management
              The group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks;                  currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The group
              including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The group’s                 operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk
              overall financial risk management program focuses on the                           arising from currency exposures to major currencies including
              unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise                        United States dollars (US$) and Great British pounds (£).
              potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the group.
              The Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer &                         On the basis of the nature of these transactions, the group does
              Company Secretary, under the guidance of the Audit and Risk                        not use derivative financial instruments to hedge such exposures
              Committee and the Board, have responsibility for the financial risk                but maintains cash and deposits in Australian dollars, United




For personal use only
              management program.                                                                States dollars and Great British pounds. The directors regularly
                                                                                                 monitor the potential impact of movements in foreign exchange
              (a) Market risk                                                                    exposure.
              (i) Foreign Exchange Risk
                                                                                                 The exposure to foreign currency risk at the reporting date
              Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions                   calculated using the closing exchange rate as at 30 June 2022 for
              and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a                         US$ of $0.6894 and for £ of $0.5677 was as follows:


                                                                              30 June 2022              30 June 2021              30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                       US$                       US$                         £                      £
                                                                                     $’000                     $’000                     £’000                  £’000

               Cash and cash equivalents                                               1,325                     4,461                       352                     955

               Trade and other receivables                                                  22                     255                        56                     253

               Trade and other payables                                                  867                       469                    2,136                    1,678

              Group Sensitivity
              The group is mainly exposed to US$ and £ on foreign currencies held, receivable and payable. The following table details the group’s sensitivity
              to a 10% increase and decrease in the Australian dollar against the US$ or £. A positive number indicates a favourable movement; that is an
              increase in profit or reduction in the loss.

                                                                           30 June 2022                30 June 2021               30 June 2022              30 June 2021
                                                                                  $’000                       $’000                      £’000                     £’000

               Impact on profit / (loss) on a movement of                            US$                         US$                            £                           £

               Australian dollar strengthens (increases) against
               the foreign currency by 10%                                           (63)                       (514)                        277                           79

               Australian dollar weakens (decreases) against
               the foreign currency by 10%                                             77                        628                       (338)                       (96)


              (ii) Cash Flow Interest Rate Risk
              The group holds interest bearing assets and therefore the income and operating cash flows are exposed to market interest rates.
              At the end of the reporting period, the group had the following value of term and at call deposits. Refer to note 8 for additional information.


                                                                                                                30 June 2022                                30 June 2021
                                                                                                                       $’000                                       $’000

               Term Deposits and deposits at call                                                                        45,792                                     57,299


              Group Sensitivity
              At 30 June 2022, if interest rates changed by 50 basis points (0.50%) either higher or lower from the year end rates with all other variables held
              constant, group profit for the year would have been $229,000 higher or lower (2021 - change of 50 bps: $288,000 higher/lower) due to either
              higher or lower interest income from cash or cash equivalents.

              (b) Credit risk
                                                                                                 (c) Liquidity risk
              Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from
              cash and cash equivalents with banks and financial institutions, as                Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient
              well as credit exposures from sales and distribution, product                      cash reserves and marketable securities. The directors regularly
              supply, licensing and royalty agreements. Credit risk for cash and                 monitor the cash position of the group, giving consideration to the
              deposits with banks and financial institutions is managed by                       level of expenditure and future capital commitments.
              maximising deposits held under major Australian banks. All cash
              and deposits are held with the National Australia Bank and                         (d) Fair value estimation
              Commonwealth Bank of Australia. Other than government grants,                      The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities must be
              tax incentives and taxes receivable, third party receivables largely               estimated for recognition and measurement for disclosure
              consist of customer receivables from leading, multinational                        purposes. The carrying value less impairment provision of trade
              organisations.                                                                     receivables and payables are assumed to approximate their fair
                                                                                                 values due to their short-term nature. The fair value of financial
                                                                                                 liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the
                                                                                                 future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate
                                                                                                 that is available to the group for similar financial instruments.
                                                                                                                        STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    63

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                               63
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              3. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements

              Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future
              events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

              The group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the
              related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
              assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.




For personal use only
              i) Income Taxes
              The group is subject to income taxes in Australia. There are transactions and calculations undertaken during the ordinary course of business for
              which the ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
              initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. The
              group has not recognised deferred tax assets or liabilities, including from carried forward losses, due to the realisation of such benefits being
              uncertain. The utilisation of tax losses also depends on the ability of the entity to satisfy certain tests at the time the losses are sought to be
              recouped.

              ii) Australian Government Research & Development Tax Incentives
              The group’s eligible research and development activities qualify for the Australian Government R&D tax incentive. Management has assessed
              these activities and expenditure to determine which are likely to be eligible under the incentive scheme. For the period to 30 June 2022 the
              group has recorded a contra research and development expense of $7,261,000 (2021: $7,248,000). The total R&D Tax Incentive receivable
              recorded at 30 June 2022 is $6,747,000 (2021: $7,233,000).


              4. Segment Information
              The group has determined that on the basis of internal reporting and monitoring to the Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief operating
              decision maker, the group operates in one business segment, being the discovery, development and commercialisation of dendrimers for
              pharmaceutical, life science and other applications.


              5. Revenue and Other Income
                                                                                                             30 June 2022                         30 June 2021
               Revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                  $’000                                $’000

               Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                  4,682                                1,798

               Interest revenue                                                                                         217                                  353

               Total revenue from continuing operations                                                               4,899                                2,151

               Other income                                                                                             263                                1,336

               Total revenue and other income from continuing operations                                              5,162                                3,487



              Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
              Revenue from contracts with customers includes products sales, royalties, and research revenue from partners, with VIRALEZE™ sales to
              Vietnam a major contributor to revenue for the year.

              Total revenue from contracts with customers for the year was $4,682,000 (2021: $1,798,000) which is predominately product sales and royalties
              on VIRALEZE™ and VivaGel® products.




               64       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                   64
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers
              The group has recognised the following current assets and current liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                                             30 June 2022                            30 June 2021
                                                                                                                    $’000                                   $’000

               Trade and other receivables                                                                             519                                          488

               Contract liabilities                                                                                   (466)                                  (1,141)




For personal use only
              Customer trade and other receivables as at 30 June 2022 are $519,000.

              Contract liabilities include $435,000 for potential VivaGel® BV product discounts, that are dependent on product registrations in certain
              countries. The prior year included $729,000 for VIRALEZE™ product sales returns from LloydsPharmacy following the decision to temporarily
              pause commercial sales of VIRALEZE™ following the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) review of the product
              promotional claims.

              Performance obligations
              Revenue is recognised when the company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised good or service to a
              customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for the goods or services.
              Information about the company’s performance obligations are summarised below:

              (i) Licensing revenue and royalties
              Typically, a licence granted by the company provides the customer with the right to use, but not own, the company’s intellectual property as it
              exists at the point in time the licence is granted. The company may receive signature payments, milestone payments for specific development
              (such as clinical or regulatory) or commercial based outcomes, and/or sales-based royalties as consideration for the licence. The performance
              obligation(s) for a licence are usually satisfied upon, or soon after, the granting of the licence to the partner. Signature payments are normally
              fixed, where-as development and commercial milestones are variable consideration as they are dependent on the achievement of certain events
              in the future. The company’s estimate of variable consideration will only be recognised to the extent it is highly probable that a significant
              revenue reversal will not occur in future periods.

              Royalties based on sales of product are recognised when the customer's sales of product occur. Where consideration includes guaranteed
              minimum royalties, they are recognised when the licence is granted or when they are no longer subject to constraint.

              Milestones payments are generally due within 30 to 60 days from timing of the milestone event. Royalties are generally due 30 to 60 days after
              the end of the defined royalty reporting period.

              (ii) Product sales
              The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the goods. Payment is on normal commercial terms, which may include prepayment
              and/or payment within 30 to 60 days from delivery. Some contracts provide customers with a right of return for product non-conformance, or
              discounts based on product shelf-life, which may give rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.

              (iii) Research revenue
              The performance obligation is satisfied over-time upon completion of outlined deliverables and payment is generally due within 30 to 60 days of
              achievement of each deliverable.

              Other income
              Other income of $258,000 (2021: $1,336,000) includes grant funding awarded by the Medical Research Future Fund (MRFF) to expedite
              development and commercialisation of VIRALEZE™. There are no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to any grants.


              6. Expenses
               Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                     30 June 2022                            30 June 2021
               includes the following items:                                                                        $’000                                   $’000

               R&D tax incentive (contra expense)1                                                                  (7,261)                                  (7,248)

               Employee benefits expenses (including share-based payments)                                          10,427                                   11,094

               Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                           355                                          298

               Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                     723                                          636
              1
                  Included within the research and product development expense line item in the consolidated income statement.




                                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022     65

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                         65
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              7. Income Tax Expense

                                                                                                                  30 June 2022                        30 June 2021
                                                                                                                         $’000                               $’000

                (a) Income tax expense/(credit)

                Current Tax / Deferred Tax                                                                                      –                                   –




For personal use only
                Total income tax expense                                                                                        –                                   –

                Income tax attributable to continuing operations                                                                –                                   –


                (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

                Loss from continuing operations before income tax expense                                               (16,154)                            (19,732)

                Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2021: 30%)                                                         (4,846)                             (5,920)

                Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                              Eligible expenses claimed under R&D tax incentive                                            2,475                               2,814
                              Share-based payments                                                                           674                               1,133
                              Sundry items                                                                                  (122)                                109

                Future income tax benefits not brought to account                                                          1,822                               1,864

                Income tax expense                                                                                              –                                   –


                (c) Tax losses
                Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been
                recognised (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                       131,620                             126,175

                Potential tax benefit                                                                                     39,486                              37,852

                (d) Unrecognised temporary differences
                Temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset has been
                recognised (as recovery is currently not probable)                                                         5,282                               5,722

                Unrecognised deferred tax relating to the temporary differences                                            1,585                               1,717



                (e) Deferred tax liabilities

                Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities relating to the above temporary
                differences:
                Lease right-of-use assets                                                                                  1,254                                 333
                Property, plant and equipment                                                                                261                                 201
                Sundry items                                                                                                    4                                   4
                Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                             1,519                                 538

                Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                                             (1,519)                               (538)

                Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                    –                                   –



              Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities have been set-off as there is a legally recognised right to set-off current tax assets and liabilities,
              and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the relevant tax authority. Deferred tax assets are mainly attributable
              to unused tax losses. Potential future income tax benefits attributable to tax losses carried forward have not been brought to account at 30 June
              2022 because the directors do not presently believe that it is appropriate to regard realisation of the future income tax benefit as probable.
              Similarly, future benefits attributable to net temporary differences have not been brought to account as the directors do not regard the realisation
              of such benefits as probable.

              Realisation of the benefit of tax losses would be subject to the group satisfying the conditions for deductibility imposed by tax legislation and no
              subsequent changes in tax legislation adversely affecting the group. The group has made an assessment as to the satisfaction of deductibility
              conditions at 30 June 2022 which it believes will be satisfied.




               66       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                       66
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              8. Current Assets – Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                                 30 June 2022                                  30 June 2021
                                                                                                                        $’000                                         $’000

               Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                     4,126                                       3,201

               Term Deposits and deposits at call                                                                          45,792                                      57,299
                                                                                                                           49,918                                      60,500




For personal use only
              Cash at bank and on hand                                                           Deposits not available
              The cash at bank and on hand is non-interest bearing, and                          There is $1,163,000 (2021: $1,159,000) of term deposits not
              includes foreign currencies held.                                                  available for use due to funds being utilised as security for a bank
                                                                                                 guarantee on the company’s property lease, and for a finance
              Term deposits and deposits at call                                                 lease facility.
              The term deposits have maturities of 3 months or less. Funds in
              deposits at call allow the group to withdraw funds on demand.                      Interest rate risk
                                                                                                 Current receivables are non-interest bearing.

               30 June 2022                                 Floating                                                         Non-interest
                                                        Interest rate              Fixed interest maturing                       bearing
                                                                                                              More than
                                                                            1 year or less   1 to 5 years       5 years                               Total       Contractual
                                                Notes          $’000                $’000           $’000         $’000              $’000            $’000        cash flows

               Financial Assets

               Cash & deposits                   8             6,597              39,195                –              –             4,126           49,918                   N/A

               Receivables                       9                 –                    –               –              –             7,916            7,916             7,916

                                                               6,597              39,195                –              –            12,042           57,834             7,916

               Weighted average interest rate                  1.0%                 1.6%               –%            –%                –%



               Financial Liabilities

               Payables                          12                –                    –               –              –             7,731            7,731             7,731
               Lease liabilities                 13                –                  695            3,125          369                   –           4,189             4,189

               Borrowings                        15            4,000                    –               –              –                  –           4,000             4,000

                                                               4,000                  695            3,125          369              7,731           15,920            15,920

               Weighted average interest rate                  1.0%                 4.1%             4.2%          4.4%                –%



               30 June 2021                                                                                                 Non-interest
                                                             Floating                                                           bearing
                                                         Interest rate              Fixed interest maturing
                                                                                    1 year or less           1 to 5 years                             Total       Contractual
                                                Notes            $’000                      $’000                   $’000           $’000             $’000        cash flows

               Financial Assets

               Cash & deposits                    8             51,214                       6,373                     –            2,913            60,500                   N/A

               Receivables                        9                     –                        –                     –            8,534             8,534             8,534

                                                                51,214                       6,373                     –          11,447             69,034             8,534

               Weighted average interest rate                    0.7%                        0.2%                    –%               –%



               Financial Liabilities

               Payables                          12                     –                        –                     –            7,954             7,954             7,954
               Lease liabilities                 13                     –                     692                    475                 –            1,167             1,167

                                                                        –                     692                    475            7,954             9,121             9,121

               Weighted average interest rate                      –%                        4.3%                  3.9%               –%


                                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022     67

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                   67
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              9. Current Assets – Trade and Other Receivables

                                                                                                           30 June 2022                          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                  $’000                                 $’000

               Trade and grant receivables                                                                         7,285                                  7,905

               Interest receivables                                                                                    53                                        2

               Prepayments                                                                                             80                                       95




For personal use only
               Other receivables                                                                                     498                                    532

                                                                                                                   7,916                                  8,534


              Trade and grant receivables
              Trade and grant receivables primarily comprise of $6,747,000 (2021: $7,233,000) of expenditure reimbursable under the Australian
              Government’s Research & Development tax incentive scheme, with the balance related to customer receivables, and other government grants
              receivable. Customer receivables are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to 60 days.


              Other receivables
              Other receivables comprise GST/VAT and other taxes refundable and sundry debtors, and are subject to normal terms of settlement within 30 to
              90 days.


              Credit risk
              The group considers that there is no significant credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables. Grant receivables are with government
              bodies and trade receivables are from large companies.

              Impaired receivables
              As at 30 June 2022, there were no material trade and grant receivables that were past due (2021: nil). The group applies the accounting policy
              in note 1(k) to trade receivables. Under the expected credit loss model, no receivables are considered impaired at 30 June 2022 (2021: nil).


              10. Inventories

                                                                                                           30 June 2022                          30 June 2021
               Current Assets                                                                                     $’000                                 $’000

               Raw materials                                                                                       2,316                                    909

               Work in progress                                                                                      249                                        68

               Finished goods                                                                                        259                                    618

               Finished goods – right to recover products                                                               -                                   126

                                                                                                                   2,824                                  1,721


              Assigning costs to inventories
              The costs of individual items of inventory are determined using the weighted average cost method. See note 1(l) for detail on the group’s
              accounting policy for inventories.

              Amounts recognised in profit or loss
              Inventories recognised as an expense during the year ended 30 June 2022 amounted to $2,776,000 (2021: $791,000). These were included in
              cost of goods sold.

              Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value amounted to $Nil (2021: $67,000). These were included in cost of goods sold.

              Raw materials
              Raw materials consist of the key raw materials and components used in the manufacture of commercial products, including VIRALEZE™ and
              VivaGel®.

              Finished goods
              Finished goods are products that are subject to a customer purchase order, have completed production, or are awaiting delivery to the
              customer.




               68       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                    68
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              11. Non-Current Assets – Property, Plant and Equipment

                                                                                             Leasehold
                                                               Plant and Equipment        improvements                              Total
                                                                              $’000               $’000                             $’000

               At 30 June 2020

               Cost                                                          3,620                      656                         4,276




For personal use only
               Accumulated depreciation                                     (2,864)                   (535)                       (3,399)

               Net book amount                                                 756                      121                              877



               Year ended 30 June 2021

               Opening net book amount                                         756                      121                              877

               Additions                                                       792                         3                             795

               Disposals                                                          -                        -                               -

               Depreciation                                                   (249)                     (50)                        (299)

               Closing net book amount                                       1,299                       74                         1,373



               At 30 June 2021

               Cost                                                          4,412                      659                         5,071

               Accumulated depreciation                                     (3,113)                   (585)                       (3,698)

               Net book amount                                               1,299                       74                         1,373



               Year ended 30 June 2022

               Opening net book amount                                       1,299                       74                         1,373

               Additions                                                       754                       32                              786

               Disposals                                                        (6)                        -                             (6)

               Reclassify as right-of-use asset                               (462)                        -                        (462)

               Depreciation                                                   (288)                     (67)                        (355)

               Closing net book amount                                       1,297                       39                         1,336



               At 30 June 2022

               Cost                                                          4,623                      691                         5,314

               Accumulated depreciation                                     (3,326)                   (652)                       (3,978)

               Net book amount                                               1,297                       39                         1,336




                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022     69
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                              69
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              12. Current Liabilities – Trade and Other Payables

                                                                                                          30 June 2022                           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                 $’000                                  $’000

               Trade payables and accruals                                                                         6,762                                 6,711

               Other payables                                                                                        969                                 1,243




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   7,731                                 7,954


              Trade payables and accruals
              The majority of trade payables are related to expenditure associated with the group’s research and product development programs, and
              purchases of raw materials for commercial products.

              13. Current and Non-Current Assets/Liabilities – Leases

              The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:
                                                                                                          30 June 2022                           30 June 2021
               Right-of-use assets                                                                               $’000                                  $’000
               Premises                                                                                            3,606                                   915
               Plant and equipment                                                                                   575                                   195
                                                                                                                   4,181                                 1,110

               Lease liabilities
               Current                                                                                               695                                   692
               Non-current                                                                                         3,494                                   475
                                                                                                                   4,189                                 1,167


              The group leases premises (laboratory and offices space) until 19 December 2022, with an extension option until 19 December 2027. At period
              end it was reasonably certain that the option would be exercised, therefore the lease assets and liabilities have been remeasured for the further
              lease term.

              The group also leases scientific equipment generally over a three to five year term.

              The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:
                                                                                                          30 June 2022                           30 June 2021
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                        $’000                                  $’000
               Premises                                                                                              594                                   610
               Plant and equipment                                                                                   129                                    26
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                            723                                   636

               Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                  42                                    57

               Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                                          4                                      7

               Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities                          60                                    70

               Total cash outflow for leases                                                                         814                                   685


              14. Current and Non-Current Liabilities – Provision for Employee Benefits
                                                                                                          30 June 2022                           30 June 2021
               Leave obligations                                                                                 $’000                                  $’000

               Current                                                                                             1,339                                 1,371

               Non-current                                                                                            57                                    34

                                                                                                                   1,396                                 1,405


              The leave obligations represent the group’s liability for employee long service leave and annual leave. The current portion of this liability
              includes all of the accrued annual leave, and the unconditional entitlements to long service leave where employees have completed the required
              period of service. However, based on past experience, the group does not expect all employees to take the full amount of current accrued leave
              or require payment of the entire amount within 12 months from the reporting date. Current leave obligations expected to be settled after the date
              which is 12 months from the reporting date is $979,000 (2021: $1,015,000).

              Refer to note 1(r) for further information.

               70       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                 70
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              15. Non-Current Liabilities – Borrowings

              Borrowings of $4,000,000 (2021: $nil) relate to an Invest Victoria low-interest R&D cash flow loan with Treasury Corporation of Victoria (TCV).
              The Invest Victoria R&D Cash Flow Loan initiative supports innovative Victorian entities to invest in research and development activities. The
              facility matures in October 2023 and is secured against future refundable R&D tax incentives. The interest rate is a TCV variable rate
              determined with reference to the Reserve Bank of Australia’s target cash rate and TCV’s client lending fees. The interest rate was 1.015% per
              annum at the reporting date.




For personal use only
              16. Contributed Equity
              (a) Share capital
                                                                                            2022                  2021                  2022                   2021
                                                                                          Shares                Shares                  $’000                  $’000

               Share Capital

               Ordinary shares – fully paid                                          408,443,407         406,078,026                 240,669                240,630


              (b) Movements in ordinary share capital
               Date            Details                                                    Number of shares                  Issue Price                        $’000
               1 Jul 2021                                                                        406,078,026                                                240,630
               13 Sep 2021     Employee performance rights plan share issue                          159,857                          $–                             –
               1 Nov 2021      Employee performance rights plan share issue                          442,272                          $–                             –
               1 Feb 2022      Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                      37,128                     $ 1.07                            39
               1 Feb 2022      Employee performance rights plan share issue                          691,850                          $–                             –
               17 Mar 2022     Employee performance rights plan share issue                            35,281                         $–                             –
               27 May 2022     Employee performance rights plan share issue                          998,993                          $–                             –

                               Balance at 30 June 2022                                           408,443,407                                                240,669



               Date            Details                                                    Number of shares                  Issue Price                        $’000
               1 Jul 2020                                                                        372,562,687                                                193,661
               23 Sep 2020     Employee performance rights plan share issue                          188,281                          $–                             –
               30 Oct 2020     Employee performance rights plan share issue                          689,543                          $–                             –
               6 Oct 2020      Share placement                                                     30,000,000                     $ 1.50                     45,000
               4 Nov 2020      Share purchase plan                                                  2,574,701                     $ 1.50                       3,862
                               Less transaction costs for share placement and
                               share purchase plan                                                                                                           (1,931)
               27 Jan 2021     Employee share plan ($1,000) issue                                      24,814                     $ 1.53                            38
               9 Apr 2021      Employee performance rights plan share issue                            38,000                         $–                             –

                               Balance at 30 June 2021                                           406,078,026                                                240,630



              (c) Ordinary shares
              As at 30 June 2022 there were 408,443,407 issued ordinary                    (e) Employee Performance Rights Plan
              shares. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in                 Information relating to the Employee Performance Rights Plan,
              dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the company in                   including details of rights issued under the plan, is set out in note
              proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held.             27.
              On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present at a
              duly convened shareholder meeting in person or by proxy, is
              entitled to one vote, and upon a poll each share is entitled to one          (f) Capital risk management
              vote. Ordinary shares have no par value and the company does                 The group’s and the parent entity’s objectives when managing
              not have authorised capital. There is no current on-market share             capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going
              buy-back.                                                                    concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for
                                                                                           shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. In order to
              (d) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)                                        maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group may adjust the
                                                                                           amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to
              Information relating to the Employee Share Plan, including details           shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets.
              of shares issued under the plan, is set out in note 27.




                                                                                                                                                                     71
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                     STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                                                                    71
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              17. Reserves

              (a) Reserves
                                                                                                              30 June 2022                     30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                            $’000

               Share-based payments reserve                                                                          26,285                           24,077

                                                                                                                     26,285                           24,077




For personal use only
              (b) Movement in reserves

                                                                                                              30 June 2022                     30 June 2021
               Share-based payments reserve                                                                          $’000                            $’000

               Balance at 1 July                                                                                     24,077                           20,340

               Performance right expense                                                                              2,208                            3,737

               Balance at 30 June                                                                                    26,285                           24,077



              (c) Nature and purpose of reserves
              The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the fair value of options and performance rights granted.



              18. Accumulated Losses
                                                                                                              30 June 2022                     30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                            $’000

               Accumulated losses balance at 1 July                                                               (202,407)                        (182,675)

               Net loss for the year                                                                               (16,154)                          (19,732)

               Accumulated losses balance at 30 June                                                              (218,561)                        (202,407)



              19. Related Party Transactions

              (a) Parent entity and subsidiaries
              The parent entity of the group is Starpharma Holdings Limited. Interests in subsidiaries are set out in note 24.

              (b) Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                                              30 June 2022                     30 June 2021
                                                                                                                         $                                $

               Short-term employee benefits                                                                       2,363,172                        2,470,508

               Post-employment benefits                                                                             150,685                          133,993

               Other long-term benefits                                                                              22,000                           31,994

               Share-based payments                                                                                 897,570                        1,928,562

                                                                                                                  3,433,427                        4,565,057


              Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages 21 to 42.

              (c) Transactions with group entities
              There are related party transactions within the group between the parent and subsidiaries. Transactions include funds advanced to/from entities
              and the associated interest charge; and management and services fees. All transactions were made on an arm’s length basis

              (d) Transactions with other related parties
              The group paid $22,213 for consulting services to Centre for Biopharmaceutical Excellence Pty Ltd, which Starpharma non-executive director Dr
              Jeff Davies (appointed 1 April 2022), is also a director and shareholder. The consulting services were provided by principals other than Dr Jeff
              Davies and were on normal commercial terms.




               72       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                               72
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              20. Remuneration of Auditors

              During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia (PwC) as auditor of the
              parent entity, its related practices and non-related audit firms:
                                                                                                            30 June 2022                    30 June 2021
                                                                                                                       $                                $

               Auditors of the group – PwC
               Audit and review of financial reports of the entity or any entity in the




For personal use only
               consolidated entity                                                                                     155,250                                 146,462

               Other assurance services                                                                                  6,630                                          -

               Total services provided by PwC                                                                          161,880                                 146,462


              Other assurance services relate to audit of an income and expenditure report for grant funding.


              21. Events Occurring After the Balance Sheet Date

              No matters or circumstances have arisen since 30 June 2022 that have significantly affected, or may significantly affect:
              (a) the consolidated entity’s operations in future financial years; or
              (b) the results of those operations in future financial years; or
              (c) the consolidated entity’s state of affairs in future financial years.


              22. Commitments

              (a) Capital Commitments
              There is no material capital expenditure contracted not recognised as liabilities at the reporting date (2021: nil).
              (b) Termination Commitments
              The service contracts of key management personnel include benefits payable by the group on termination of the employee’s contract. Refer to
              the remuneration report for details of these commitments.


              23. Contingencies

              Starpharma has licensed VivaGel® BV in the United States to ITF Pharma and is eligible to receive up to US$101M in regulatory approval and
              commercialisation milestones, plus royalties on net sales. Upon receipt of cash proceeds under the licence, Starpharma is required to pay a
              small proportion of its receipts to an investment bank which advised on the competitive licence process, up to a maximum of US$1.35M over the
              life of the licence (2021: US$1.35M).

              Starpharma engaged a number of service providers to develop and assist with the implementation of a full direct to market commercialisation
              plan for VIRALEZE™ antiviral nasal spray. In order to preserve capital, Starpharma negotiated to defer a majority of the fee to a service
              provider. Pursuant to this arrangement, the maximum remaining amount payable by the group to the service provider is A$1.2M (30 June 2021:
              A$1.2M), subject to VIRALEZE™ sales performance and licensing proceeds.

              The company has no contingent assets at 30 June 2022 (2021: nil).


              24. Subsidiaries
              The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in accordance with the
              accounting policy described in note 1(b).

                                                                                                                                                      Equity Holding

                                                                    Country of                                                          2022                      2021
               Name of entity                                       Incorporation            Class of Shares                              %                         %

               Starpharma Pty Limited                               Australia                    Ordinary                            100.00%                  100.00%




              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                        STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    73
                                                                                                                                                                       73
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              25. Reconciliation of Profit After Income Tax to Net Cash Inflow from Operating Activities

                                                                                                                      30 June 2022                    30 June 2021
                                                                                                                             $’000                           $’000

               Operating profit/(loss) after tax                                                                            (16,154)                        (19,732)

               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                   1,079                             935




For personal use only
               Foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                                                    (188)                             803
               Non-cash employee benefits: share-based payments                                                                2,247                           3,737
               Net gain/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                           (6)                               -
               Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and
               disposals of entities:

                        Decrease/(increase) in receivables and other assets                                                      629                         (2,369)

                        (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                   (1,103)                         (1,227)

                        Increase/(decrease) increase in trade creditors                                                          289                           2,934

                        Increase in employee provisions                                                                           (9)                            136

                        Increase/(decrease) in deferred income                                                                    54                            (25)

               Net cash outflows from operating activities                                                                  (13,162)                        (14,808)




              26. Earnings Per Share

                                                                                                                      30 June 2022                    30 June 2021

               Basic earnings/(loss) per share / Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
               Total earnings/(loss) per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
               company ($)                                                                                                    (0.04)                          (0.05)



               Reconciliations of earnings/(loss) used in calculating earnings per share
               Profit/(loss) attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share: ($’000)                                                         (16,154)                        (19,732)
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in
               calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                             406,900,098                     396,875,857


              As at 30 June 2022 the company had on issue 15,784,044 (30 June 2021: 17,472,497) performance rights. The rights are not included in the
              determination of basic earnings per share. The rights are also not included in the determination of diluted earnings per share. They are not
              considered dilutive as their conversion would not increase loss per share from continuing operations.


              27. Share-Based Payments

              Performance Rights

              (a) Employee Performance Rights Plan
              In 2010 the Board approved the introduction of the Employee Performance Rights Plan (Plan), which was subsequently approved by
              shareholders at the 2011, 2014, 2017 and 2020 annual general meetings. All executives and staff, including the Chief Executive Officer, are
              eligible to participate in the Plan. The Plan allows for the issue of performance rights (being rights to receive fully paid ordinary shares subject to
              continued employment with the company and the satisfaction of certain performance hurdles over a specified period). Performance rights are
              granted under the Plan for no consideration. The objective of the Plan is to assist in the recruitment, reward, retention and motivation of
              employees of the company.

              (b) Fair value of performance rights granted
              The weighted average assessed fair value at grant date of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 was $1.09 per right
              (2021: $1.41). There were 2,360,027 performance rights granted in the current year (2021: 4,281,654).

              The estimated fair value at grant date of rights with a Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance measure have been valued using a hybrid
              Monte-Carlo-trinomial option pricing model taking into account the absolute TSR target, the term of the right, the share price at grant date, the
              risk free rate, the expected dividend yield, expected share price volatility, the volatility of the relevant index, and the correlation between the
              share price and that index. All other rights incorporate Key Performance Indicator (KPI) measures, and the fair value at grant date of these rights
              represents a volume weighted average price (VWAP) of shares leading up to the grant date.



               74       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                      74
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              Set out below are summaries of performance rights:

               2022
                                                              Balance at start of   Granted during   Converted during       Forfeited during     Balance at end of
                         Grant Date         Vesting Date               the year           the year           the year               the year              the year
                                                                        Number             Number             Number                 Number                 Number
                        11 Nov 2015         30 Jun 2017   1
                                                                        245,625                  –              59,875                       –              185,750




For personal use only
                        11 Nov 2015        30 Sep 20181               1,051,794                  –            269,390                        –              782,404

                        19 Nov 2015         30 Jun 20171                181,001                  –                   –                       –              181,001
                        19 Nov 2015        30 Sep 20181                 836,260                  –                   –                       –              836,260
                        13 Oct 2016         30 Jun 20181                277,314                  –              65,438                       –              211,876

                        13 Oct 2016        30 Sep 20191               1,323,372                  –            375,397                        –              947,975

                        29 Nov 2016         30 Jun 20181                172,842                  –                   –                       –              172,842

                        29 Nov 2016        30 Sep 2019    1
                                                                        846,281                  –                   –                       –              846,281

                        10 Aug 2017         30 Jun 2019   1
                                                                        409,980                  –            107,712                        –              302,268

                        10 Aug 2017        30 Sep 2020    1
                                                                      1,741,547                  –            476,810                        –            1,264,737

                        29 Nov 2017         30 Jun 20191                197,226                  –                   –                       –              197,226

                        29 Nov 2017        30 Sep 20201                 736,665                  –                   –                       –              736,665

                        16 Aug 2018         30 Jun 20201                170,356                  –              53,978                       –              116,378

                        16 Aug 2018        30 Sep 20211                 814,000                  –            210,623                162,365                441,012

                         2 Nov 2018         30 Jun 20201                 97,600                  –              10,400                       –                87,200

                         2 Nov 2018        30 Sep 20211                 780,609                  –            335,851                 49,742                395,016

                        29 Nov 2018         30 Jun 20201                112,708                  –                   –                       –              112,708

                        29 Nov 2018        30 Sep 2021    1
                                                                        539,921                  –                   –               189,668                350,253

                        17 Oct 2019         30 Jun 20211                379,034                  –            166,405                        –              212,629

                        17 Oct 2019         30 Sep 2022               1,701,175                  –                   –               362,000              1,339,175

                        21 Nov 2019         30 Jun 20211                101,320                  –                   –                       –              101,320

                        21 Nov 2019         30 Sep 2022                 536,797                  –                   –                       –              536,797

                        30 Oct 2020         30 Jun 20211                561,459                  –            196,374                        –              365,085

                        30 Oct 2020         30 Jun 20221                536,878                  –                   –               147,756                389,122

                        30 Oct 2020         30 Sep 2023               2,147,512                  –                   –               435,352              1,712,160

                        20 Nov 2020         30 Jun 20211                176,755                  –                   –                       –              176,755

                        20 Nov 2020         30 Jun 20221                159,293                  –                   –                35,044                124,249

                        20 Nov 2020         30 Sep 2023                 637,173                  –                   –                       –              637,173

                        25 Oct 2021         30 Jun 2023                        –          373,333                    –                67,660                305,673

                        25 Oct 2021         30 Sep 2024                        –        1,493,334                    –               270,640              1,222,694

                        30 Nov 2021         30 Jun 2023                        –            98,672                   –                       –                98,672

                        30 Nov 2021         30 Sep 2024                        –          394,688                    –                       –              394,688

                               Total                                 17,472,497         2,360,027           2,328,253              1,720,227             15,784,044
              1
                  The balance of rights at end of the year have vested and remain available for employees to exercise into shares.




                                                                                                                  STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   75

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                         75
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              27. Share-Based Payments (continued)


               2021
                                                                   Balance at start of   Granted during   Converted during   Forfeited during   Balance at end of
                            Grant Date           Vesting Date               the year           the year           the year           the year            the year
                                                                             Number            Number             Number             Number              Number




For personal use only
                          11 Nov 2015            30 Jun 20171                251,625                 –              6,000                  –             245,625

                          11 Nov 2015            30 Sep 20181               1,115,794                –             64,000                  –           1,051,794

                          19 Nov 2015            30 Jun 2017   1
                                                                             181,001                 –                  –                  –             181,001
                          19 Nov 2015            30 Sep 2018   1
                                                                             836,260                 –                  –                  –             836,260
                          13 Oct 2016            30 Jun 2018   1
                                                                             281,314                 –              4,000                  –             277,314

                          13 Oct 2016            30 Sep 2019   1
                                                                            1,528,234                –            204,862                  –           1,323,372

                          29 Nov 2016            30 Jun 2018   1
                                                                             172,842                 –                  –                  –             172,842

                          29 Nov 2016            30 Sep 2019   1
                                                                             846,281                 –                  –                  –             846,281

                          10 Aug 2017            30 Jun 20191                434,260                 –             24,280                  –             409,980

                          10 Aug 2017            30 Sep 20201               2,451,673                –            499,455            210,671           1,741,547

                          29 Nov 2017            30 Jun 20191                197,226                 –                  –                  –             197,226

                          29 Nov 2017            30 Sep 20201                895,879                 –                  –            159,214             736,665

                          16 Aug 2018            30 Jun 2020   1
                                                                             170,356                 –                  –                  –             170,356

                          16 Aug 2018            30 Sep 2021                 814,000                 –                  –                  –             814,000

                           2 Nov 2018            30 Jun 20201                210,827                 –            113,227                  –              97,600

                           2 Nov 2018            30 Sep 2021                 833,409                 –                  –             52,800             780,609

                          29 Nov 2018            30 Jun 20201                112,708                 –                  –                  –             112,708

                          29 Nov 2018            30 Sep 2021                 539,921                 –                  –                  –             539,921

                          17 Oct 2019            30 Jun 2021   1
                                                                             448,344                 –                  –             69,310             379,034

                          17 Oct 2019            30 Sep 2022                1,787,575                –                  –             86,400           1,701,175

                          21 Nov 2019            30 Jun 20211                134,199                 –                  –             32,879             101,320

                          21 Nov 2019            30 Sep 2022                 536,797                 –                  –                  –             536,797

                          30 Oct 2020            30 Jun 20211                       –          567,083                  –              5,624             561,459

                          30 Oct 2020             30 Jun 2022                       –          548,270                  –             11,392             536,878

                          30 Oct 2020            30 Sep 2023                        –        2,193,080                  –             45,568           2,147,512

                          20 Nov 2020            30 Jun 20211                       –          176,755                  –                  –             176,755

                          20 Nov 2020             30 Jun 2022                       –          159,293                  –                  –             159,293

                          20 Nov 2020            30 Sep 2023                        –          637,173                  –                  –             637,173

                                  Total                                    14,780,525        4,281,654            915,824            673,858          17,472,497
              1
                  The balance of rights at end of the year have vested and remain available for employees to exercise into shares.




               76       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                   76
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 is as follows:

               Right grant date                                                 25 October 2021                25 October 2021                        25 October 2021
               Number of rights granted                                                  373,333                          1,401,054                               92,280
               Vesting date                                                         30 June 2023             30 September 2024                     30 September 2024
               Performance Measure                                                           KPIs                               KPIs                                 TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's shares                              60%                               60%                                  60%




For personal use only
               Risk-free interest rate                                                      0.26%                             0.65%                                0.65%
               Expected dividend yield                                                          –                                   –                                     –
               Share price at grant date                                                     $1.14                             $1.14                                $1.14
               Assessed fair value                                                           $1.14                             $1.14                                $0.62


               Right grant date                                              30 November 2021                 30 November 2021                     30 November 2021
               Number of rights granted                                                     98,672                           276,282                            118,406
               Vesting date                                                         30 June 2023              30 September 2024                    30 September 2024
               Performance Measure                                                           KPIs                                KPIs                               TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's shares                              60%                                60%                                60%
               Risk-free interest rate                                                      0.37%                              0.83%                              0.83%
               Expected dividend yield                                                          –                                    –                                   –
               Share price at grant date                                                     $1.09                              $1.09                              $1.09
               Assessed fair value                                                           $1.09                              $1.09                              $0.60

              Share price volatility and the risk-free interest rate are obtained through an independent valuation.


              Information used in assessing the fair value of performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2021 is as follows:

               Right grant date                                         30 October 2020         30 October 2020            30 October 2020            30 October 2020
               Number of rights granted                                          567,083                 548,270                    2,048,142                   144,938
               Vesting date                                                30 June 2021              30 June 2022       30 September 2023          30 September 2023
               Performance Measure                                                   KPIs                    KPIs                         KPIs                      TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's shares                     60%                     60%                           60%                      60%
               Risk-free interest rate                                             0.04%                   0.04%                         0.10%                    0.10%
               Expected dividend yield                                                  –                        –                            –                          –
               Share price at grant date                                            $1.47                   $1.47                         $1.47                    $1.47
               Assessed fair value                                                  $1.47                   $1.47                         $1.47                    $1.20


               Right grant date                                      20 November 2020         20 November 2020          20 November 2020           20 November 2020
               Number of rights granted                                          176,755                 159,293                        446,021                 191,152
               Vesting date                                                30 June 2021              30 June 2022       30 September 2023          30 September 2023
               Performance Measure                                                   KPIs                    KPIs                         KPIs                      TSR
               Expected price volatility of the company's shares                     60%                     60%                           60%                      60%
               Risk-free interest rate                                             0.04%                   0.04%                         0.10%                    0.10%
               Expected dividend yield                                                  –                        –                            –                          –
               Share price at grant date                                            $1.32                   $1.32                         $1.32                    $1.32
               Assessed fair value                                                  $1.32                   $1.32                         $1.32                    $0.96




                                                                                                                      STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   77

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                             77
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              27. Share-Based Payments (continued)

              Shares
              (a) Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan)
              All staff are eligible to participate in the Starpharma Employee Share Plan ($1,000 Plan). The objective of the $1,000 Plan is to assist in the
              reward, retention and motivation of employees of the group. An annual allocation of up to $1,000 of shares may be granted and taxed on a
              concessional basis. Shares are granted under the $1,000 Plan for no consideration and are escrowed for 3 years whilst participants are
              employed by the group.




For personal use only
              (b) Fair value of shares granted
              The weighted average fair value at grant date of shares granted under the $1,000 Plan during the year ended 30 June 2022 was $1.07 per
              share (2021: $1.53 per share). The fair value at grant date is determined by the share price on the date of grant. These shares were granted for
              no consideration. There was no allocation of shares under the plan to key management personnel.

              Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 is as follows:

               Share grant date                                                                                                                 1 February 2022
               Number of shares granted                                                                                                                   37,128
               Share price at grant date                                                                                                                    $1.07
               Assessed fair value                                                                                                                          $1.07



              Information used in assessing the fair value of shares granted during the year ended 30 June 2021 is as follows:

               Share grant date                                                                                                                27 January 2021
               Number of shares granted                                                                                                                   24,814
               Share price at grant date                                                                                                                    $1.53
               Assessed fair value                                                                                                                          $1.53



              Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
              Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the period were as follows:

                                                                                                           30 June 2022                            30 June 2021
                                                                                                                  $’000                                   $’000

               Employee shares issued                                                                                  39                                       38

               Employee performance rights                                                                         2,208                                    3,737

                                                                                                                   2,247                                    3,775




               78       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022


              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                    78
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 30 June 2022

              28. Parent Entity Financial Information

              (a) Summary financial information

              The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                                                                                   Parent Entity
                                                                                                           30 June 2022                            30 June 2021
                                                                                                                  $'000                                   $'000




For personal use only
                Balance Sheet
                Current assets                                                                                    44,890                                   56,244
                Total assets                                                                                      44,890                                   56,244
                Current liabilities                                                                                  779                                       797
                Total liabilities                                                                                    779                                       797
                Shareholders’ equity
                Contributed equity                                                                               240,669                                  240,630
                Reserves                                                                                          25,776                                   23,568
                Accumulated losses                                                                              (222,334)                               (208,751)
                Loss for the year                                                                                (13,583)                                (20,481)
                Total comprehensive income                                                                       (13,583)                                (20,481)


              (b) Contingencies of the parent entity

              The parent entity has no contingent assets or liabilities at 30 June 2022 (2021: nil).




                                                                                                                STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   79

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                       79
               Directors’ Declaration for the year ended 30 June 2022




               In the directors’ opinion:

               (a) the financial statements and notes set out on pages 52 to 79 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                    (i) complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements; and




For personal use only
                    (ii) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its performance for the financial year
                         ended on that date; and

               (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.

               Note 1(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
               Accounting Standards Board.

               The directors have been given the declarations by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer required by section 295A of the Corporations
               Act 2001.

               This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




               Robert B Thomas AO
               Chairman
               Melbourne, 25 August 2022




               80       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022


               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                     80
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 1]




            Independent   auditor’s
             Independent auditor’s   report
                                   report




For personal use only
            ToTothe
                  themembers
                      membersofof
                                Starpharma Holdings
                                  Starpharma        Limited
                                             Holdings Limited
                        Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter
            Report
             Reporton
                    onthe
                       theaudit
                           auditof
                                 ofthe
                                    thefinancial
                                        financialreport
                                                  report
                        Research and development tax incentive (Refer
                        to note 3 critical accounting estimates)
            Our
             Ouropinion
                 opinion
            InInour
                 ouropinion:
                    Starpharma’s
                      opinion: research and development (R&D)                   We tested management’s estimate of the R&D Tax
                   activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under an Incentive receivable to assess the amount accrued as at
             Theaccompanying
            The   accompanying     financial
                                      financialreport
                                                  reportofofStarpharma
                                                              StarpharmaHoldings
                   Australian Government tax incentive. Management has          30Limited
                                                                           Holdings Limited
                                                                                   June       (theCompany)
                                                                                            (the
                                                                                        2017.  As         our and
                                                                                                    Company)
                                                                                                  part of        anditsitscontrolled
                                                                                                              procedures    controlled
                                                                                                                           we:
            entities
             entities(together the
                       (together theGroup)
                                      Group)  isis
                                                 ininaccordance
                                                       accordancewith    theCorporations
                                                                   withthe
                   assessed these activities and expenditure to determine
                                                                             CorporationsAct
                                                                                          Act2001,
                                                                                              2001,including:
                                                                                                     including:
                (a)
                  (a)giving
                     their   a atrue
                           eligibility
                       giving     trueand
                                        andfair
                                       under theview
                                             fair  view  the
                                                      ofof
                                                 incentive theGroup's
                                                           scheme.  Thefinancial
                                                                Group's  R&D     position
                                                                         financial     asCompared
                                                                                   position asatat     the
                                                                                                 3030June
                                                                                                       Juneestimate
                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                                              2022  recorded
                                                                                                                  andand   itsits
                                                                                                                        ofof   in the
                     financial   performance
                          Incentive  receivable   for the
                                                recorded  year
                                                          for   then
                       financial performance for the year then ended
                     Tax                                      the yearended
                                                                       ended 30           financial  statements as  at 30 June   2016 to the
                        June 2017 was $3.5 million.                                               amount of cash received after lodgement of the
                (b)
                  (b)complying
                       complyingwith
                                 withAustralian
                                      AustralianAccounting
                                                 AccountingStandards
                                                             Standardsand
                                                                       and  theCorporations
                                                                          the   Corporations
                                                                                R&D         Regulations
                                                                                              Regulations
                                                                                    Tax Incentive           2001.
                                                                                                              2001.
                                                                                                  claim to assess historical
                        This is a key audit matter due to the fact that the                       accuracy of the estimate.
            What
             What wewe have
                          have audited
                  amount  accruedaudited
                                    in the financial statements is material
            The
             TheGroup
                 Group financial
                         financial report
                                     report
                  and there is a degree     comprises:
                                              comprises:
                                         of judgement   and interpretation of                    Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                        the R&D tax   legislation  required by as at
                                                                management     to2021             included in the current year estimate to the
            ●●          the
                          theconsolidated
                               consolidated   balance
                                                balance sheet
                                                          sheet  as at3030June
                                                                            June   2022
                        assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the                   prior year estimate.
            ●●          the consolidated
                          the                 statement    of comprehensive
                               consolidated statement of comprehensive income     income    for  the
                                                                                               for theyear
                                                                                                        year then
                                                                                                               then ended
                                                                                                                      ended
                        scheme.
            ●●          the
                          theconsolidated
                               consolidated   statement
                                                statement  ofof
                                                              changes
                                                                changes  inin
                                                                            equity
                                                                              equity for the
                                                                                       for theyear
                                                                                                 yearthen
                                                                                                       thenended
                                                                                                    Assessed   the
                                                                                                              ended nature of the expenses against the
            ●●          the                                                                         eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                          theconsolidated
                               consolidated   statement
                                                statement  ofof
                                                              cash flows
                                                                cash  flows for the
                                                                              for theyear
                                                                                       yearthen
                                                                                             then ended
                                                                                                     ended
                                                                                                    programme.
            ●●          the
                          theconsolidated
                               consolidated   income
                                                income  statement
                                                          statement for  the
                                                                       for theyear
                                                                                yearthen
                                                                                      thenended
                                                                                             ended
            ●●          the
                          thenotes toto
                               notes   the
                                         theconsolidated
                                               consolidated  financial
                                                               financial statements,
                                                                           statements,  which
                                                                                          which include    significant
                                                                                                   includethe
                                                                                                    Agreed    significant  accounting
                                                                                                                             accounting
                                                                                                                 eligible expenditure  policies
                                                                                                                                          policies
                                                                                                                                      in the estimate
                        and
                          andother  explanatory
                                other  explanatory   information
                                                       information                                  to the general ledger.
            ●●          the
                          thedirectors’
                               directors’declaration.
                                           declaration.
                                                                                                 Obtained copies of correspondence with the
            Basis for opinion                                                                     ATO related to the claim and agreed the
             Basis  for opinion
                                                                                                  assessment to management’s estimate.
            WeWeconducted
                  conductedour ouraudit
                                     auditininaccordance
                                                accordancewithwithAustralian
                                                                    AustralianAuditing
                                                                                AuditingStandards.
                                                                                          Standards.OurOuresponsibilities
                                                                                                             responsibilitiesunder
                                                                                                                               under
              thosestandards
            those    standardsare arefurther
                                       furtherdescribed
                                                 describedininthe   Auditor’sresponsibilities
                                                                theAuditor’s   responsibilities
                                                                                               forthe
                                                                                              for
                                                                                         Obtained    the auditofofthe
                                                                                                       audit
                                                                                                    copies of       the financial
                                                                                                                      financial
                                                                                                              correspondence  with the
              reportsection
            report    sectionofofour
                                   oureport.
                                        report.                                          company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                                                                                the advice to the current calculation and the
            We
             Webelieve
                believethat the
                         that theaudit
                                  auditevidence wewe
                                         evidence  have obtained
                                                     have        isisufficient
                                                          obtained              2016
                                                                               and
                                                                      sufficient and lodgement.
                                                                                    appropriate
                                                                                      appropriate  toto providea a
                                                                                                      provide     basis for
                                                                                                                    basis for
            our
             ouropinion.
                 opinion.
                                                                                                 Assessed the classification of the amount in the
            Independence                                                                          financial statements.
              Independence
            WeWeareareindependent
                        independentofofthe
                                         theGroup
                                              Groupininaccordance
                                                         accordancewith
                                                                      withthe
                                                                            theauditor
                                                                                 auditorindependence
                                                                                          independence requirements
                                                                                                         requirementsofofthe
                                                                                                                           the
            Corporations     Act 2001
              Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional&&Ethical
                                       and   the ethical  requirements   of  the  Accounting  Professional       Ethical
            Standards
              StandardsBoard’s
                           Board’sAPES
                                   APES110 110Code
                                                CodeofofEthics
                                                         Ethicsfor
                                                                 forProfessional
                                                                     ProfessionalAccountants
                                                                                     Accountants(including
                                                                                                   (includingIndependence
                                                                                                               Independence
            Standards)
              Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report inAustralia.
                           (the Code) that  are  relevant  to our audit  of the  financial report in   Australia.We
                                                                                                                  Wehave
                                                                                                                      havealso
                                                                                                                            also
            fulfilled  our other ethical  responsibilities  in accordance    with  the
              fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.Code.




              PricewaterhouseCoopers,
               PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABNABN      52433
                                              52 780  780  433 757
                                                         757
              22 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK      VIC  3006, GPO Box
                                                               Box 1331,
                                                                   1331, MELBOURNE
                                                                         MELBOURNE VIC
                                                                                   VIC 3001
                                                                                       3001
                 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO                                                                              Page 82 of 88
              T:  61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999,
               T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999  www.pwc.com.au

              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
               Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.                                                   81

                                                                                                                    STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   81

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                           81
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 1]




               Our audit approach




For personal use only
               An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
               material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                     Key audit
               individually or inmatter                                  How our
                                  aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to audit addressed
                                                                                 influence the     the key audit
                                                                                               economic           matter
                                                                                                         decisions of
               users Research
                     taken on the  basis of the financial report.
                                and development tax incentive (Refer
                           to note 3 critical accounting estimates)
               We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
               opinion  on the financial report as a whole, taking into account
                     Starpharma’s research and development (R&D)
                                                                                         the management’s
                                                                                   We tested  geographic and    management
                                                                                                            estimate  of the R&D Tax
               structure  of  the Group,    its accounting    processes   and  controls and  the industry  in which   it operates.
                     activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under an Incentive receivable to assess the amount   accrued as at
                           Australian Government tax incentive. Management has        30 June 2017. As part of our procedures we:
                           assessed these activities and expenditure to determine
                           their eligibility under the incentive scheme. The R&D               Compared the estimate recorded in the
                           Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30              financial statements as at 30 June 2016 to the
                           June 2017 was $3.5 million.                                          amount of cash received after lodgement of the
                                                                                                R&D Tax Incentive claim to assess historical
                           This is a key audit matter due to the fact that the                  accuracy of the estimate.
                           amount accrued in the financial statements is material
                           and there is a degree of judgement and interpretation of            Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                           the R&D tax legislation required by management to                    included in the current year estimate to the
                           assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the              prior year estimate.
                           scheme.
                                             Materiality                                      Assessed   the nature
                                                                                                       Audit    scopeof the expenses against the
                                                                                               eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
               ●        For the purpose of our audit we used overall            ●     Our auditprogramme.
                                                                                                focused on where the Group made
                        Group materiality of $0.808 million, which                    subjective judgements; for example, significant
                        represents approximately 5% of the Group’s loss                    
                                                                                      accountingAgreed  the eligible
                                                                                                   estimates         expenditure
                                                                                                             involving           in theand
                                                                                                                        assumptions     estimate
                        before income tax.                                            inherentlytouncertain future
                                                                                                   the general       events.
                                                                                                               ledger.
               ●        We applied this threshold, together with                ●     All audit procedures are performed by PwC
                        qualitative considerations, to determine the scope                  
                                                                                      Australia,Obtained  copies
                                                                                                 consistent with of correspondence
                                                                                                                  the                with the
                                                                                                                      location of Group
                        of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of                       ATO  related to the claim
                                                                                      management and financial records.   and agreed  the
                        our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of                      assessment to management’s estimate.
                        misstatements on the financial report as a whole.       ●     We tailored the scope of our audit taking into
                                                                                      account the accounting processes and controls,
               ●        We chose Group loss before income tax because,                       industry
                                                                                      and the   Obtainedincopies
                                                                                                           whichof  correspondence
                                                                                                                  the Group operates.with the
                        in our view, it is the benchmark against which the                      company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                        performance of the Group is most commonly                               the advice to the current calculation and the
                        measured.                                                               2016 lodgement.
               ●        We utilised a 5% threshold based on our
                        professional judgement, noting it is within the                        Assessed the classification of the amount in the
                        range of commonly acceptable thresholds.                                financial statements.


               Key audit matters
               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
               our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the
               context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
               not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
               particular audit procedure is made in that context.




                                                                                                                                Page 82 of 88
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                       82
                                                                                                                                          82

               82       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 2]




                 Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter




For personal use only
                 Research and Development Tax Incentive             We have performed the following procedures to assess
                 (Refer to note 3 critical accounting estimates and the Group’s estimate of the R&D Tax Incentive receivable
                 judgements,
                     Key auditnote  6 expenses and note 9 current
                                  matter                            as at 30 Juneour
                                                                           How     2022:
                                                                                     audit addressed the key audit matter
                 assets - trade and other receivables)
                     Research and development tax incentive (Refer
                                                                         ● compared the estimate recorded in the financial
                     to note 3research
                 The Group’s   critical accounting estimates)
                                         and development  (R&D)               statements as at 30 June 2021 to the amount of
                 activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset                         cash received after lodgement of the R&D Tax
                      Starpharma’s
                 under an    Australian research    and
                                           Government     development
                                                             Tax         (R&D)
                                                                  Incentive.              WeIncentive
                                                                                              tested management’s
                                                                                                         claim to assess estimate    of theaccuracy
                                                                                                                             historical     R&D Taxof
                      activities
                 The Group     hasare  eligible for
                                     assessed   these a activities
                                                        refundableandtax offset
                                                                         relatedunder an  Incentive
                                                                                             the     receivable to assess the amount accrued as at
                                                                                                 estimate.
                 expenditure
                      Australian to determine
                                     Government    their  eligibility under
                                                      tax incentive.         the has
                                                                      Management          30 June 2017. As part of our procedures we:
                 incentive        these activities and expenditure to determine ● compared the nature of the underlying R&D
                             scheme.
                      assessed
                      their eligibility under the incentive scheme. The R&D                        Compared
                                                                                             expenditure          the in
                                                                                                             included  estimate   recorded
                                                                                                                            the current       in the
                                                                                                                                            year
                      R&D Tax
                 The Tax           Incentive
                           Incentive            receivable
                                        receivable     recorded for  the as
                                                              recorded      at 30
                                                                          year ended 30      estimate   to  the
                                                                                                    financial    prior  year
                                                                                                                statements    estimate.
                                                                                                                               as at 30  June   2016 to the
                 JuneJune
                       20222017waswas$6.75   million
                                         $3.5 million.  and  $7.26  million  was                    amount     of cash  received    after lodgement    of the
                 recognised as contra R&D expense in the income                          ● assessed R&D theTaxnature  of a sample
                                                                                                                Incentive    claim toofassess
                                                                                                                                          expenses
                                                                                                                                                historical
                 statement    forkey
                                   theaudit
                                        period   ended    30toJune  2022.                    against  the eligibility
                                                                                                    accuracy            criteria of the R&D Tax
                                                                                                                of the estimate.
                      This is a               matter    due    the fact that the
                                                                                             Incentive programme.
                      amount accrued in the financial statements is material
                 This is
                      anda key   audit
                           there is      matterofdue to:
                                      a degree       judgement and interpretation of               Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                                                                                         ● agreed a sample of eligible expenditure in the
                      the R&D tax legislation required by management to                             included in the current year estimate to the
                                                                                             estimate to the general ledger or other
                      ● the
                      assess     significance
                               the  eligibility ofofthe
                                                      theR&D
                                                          amount    receivable
                                                               expenditure   under the              prior year estimate.
                                                                                             underlying accounting records.
                            as
                      scheme.   at 30  June   2022;     and
                                                                                               
                                                                                         ● obtained Assessed
                                                                                                        copiesthe    nature of the expenses
                                                                                                                  of correspondence              against the
                                                                                                                                           with the
                      ● the degree of judgement and                                                 eligibility  criteria of  the R&D    Tax   Incentive
                                                                                             company’s external tax advisor and agreed the
                            interpretation of the R&D tax legislation
                                                                                             adviceprogramme.
                                                                                                     to the R&D Tax Incentive calculation for
                            required by the Group to assess the
                                                                                             the current financial year.
                            eligibility of the R&D expenditure under                               Agreed the eligible expenditure in the estimate
                            the scheme.
                                                                                         ● evaluatedto thethe  reasonableness
                                                                                                             general  ledger.      of the disclosure
                                                                                             against the requirements of Australian
                                                                                             Accounting
                                                                                                   ObtainedStandards.
                                                                                                                 copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                                    ATO related to the claim and agreed the
                 Revenue recognition under AASB 15                                  We have performed      the following
                                                                                                    assessment              procedures
                                                                                                                   to management’s          to assess
                                                                                                                                          estimate.
                 Revenue from Contracts with Customers                              the Group’s revenue recognition for the period ended 30
                 (Refer to note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and June 2022: Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                 note 5 Revenue and Other Income)                                                   company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                                                                                         ● obtained the an   understanding
                                                                                                         advice   to the current of calculation
                                                                                                                                    the Group’sand the
                 The Group recognises licensing, product sales,                              contractual    arrangements
                                                                                                    2016 lodgement.            with   commercial
                 royalty, and research revenues from arrangements                            partners, focusing on the identification of
                 with commercial partners.                                                   performance obligations, license arrangements
                                                                                                   Assessed the classification of the amount in the
                                                                                             and the associated recognition of fixed and
                                                                                                    financial statements.
                 The Group has recognised $4.68 million of revenue                           variable consideration, royalty income, product
                 from contracts with customers for the period ended                          sales and product sales returns.
                 30 June 2022.
                                                                                         ● tested a sample of transactions to the
                 This is a key audit matter due to the nature of the                         underlying supporting documentation.
                 Group’s contractual arrangements and complexity
                 of applying the accounting standard to those                            ●    evaluated the reasonableness of the disclosure
                 contractual arrangements                                                     against the requirements of Australian
                                                                                              Accounting Standards.




                                                                                                                                          Page 82 of 88
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                                    83
                                                                                                                                                          83

                                                                                                                        STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   83
              Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

              [Page 3]




              Other information




For personal use only
              The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
              information included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022 but does not include the
              financial
                    Keyreport
                        audit and  our auditor’s report thereon.
                              matter                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                          Research and development tax incentive (Refer
              Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                   to note 3 critical accounting estimates)
              express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
                          Starpharma’s research and development (R&D)             We tested management’s estimate of the R&D Tax
              In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility          is to read the other information
                    activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under an Incentive receivable to assess the amount accrued as at
              and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 30         is materially inconsistent    with the financial
                                                                                     June 2017. As part of our procedures we:
                    Australian Government tax incentive. Management has
              reportassessed
                     or our knowledge        obtained   in the audit,   or
                              these activities and expenditure to determine
                                                                           otherwise appears  to be materially    misstated.
                          their eligibility under the incentive scheme. The R&D          Compared the estimate recorded in the
              If, based
                     Taxon the work
                        Incentive     we have
                                  receivable     performed
                                             recorded  for theon the
                                                              year     other
                                                                    ended 30information that  westatements
                                                                                       financial  obtainedas at
                                                                                                             prior
                                                                                                                 30to   the2016
                                                                                                                     June   datetoofthe
              this auditor’s report, we  conclude
                     June 2017 was $3.5 million.     that  there is  a material misstatement
                                                                                       amount of
                                                                                               ofthis
                                                                                                  cashother  information,
                                                                                                       received after        we of the
                                                                                                                      lodgement
              are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this R&D   regard.
                                                                                            Tax Incentive claim to assess historical
                  This is a key audit matter due to the fact that the                     accuracy of the estimate.
              Responsibilities
                  amount accrued of inthe
                                        thedirectors    for the financial
                                            financial statements is material report
                  and there is a degree of judgement and interpretation of               Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
              The directors   of the
                    the R&D tax       Company
                                  legislation      are responsible
                                               required             fortothe preparationincluded
                                                        by management                    of the financial     report
                                                                                                   in the current     that
                                                                                                                   year     givestoa the
                                                                                                                        estimate
              true and  fair view   in accordance     with Australian  Accounting
                    assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the         Standards
                                                                                        prior    and
                                                                                              year     the Corporations
                                                                                                     estimate.               Act 2001
              and for such
                    scheme.  internal   control   as the directors determine   is necessary  to enable    the  preparation    of the
              financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material        misstatement,
                                                                                        Assessed the                whether
                                                                                                        nature of the expensesdue   to the
                                                                                                                                against
              fraud or error.                                                           eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                                                                                          programme.
              In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
              continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
                                                                                  Agreed tothe eligible
                                                                                            going       expenditure
                                                                                                    concern         in thethe
                                                                                                             and using     estimate
                                                                                  to the  general ledger.
              going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
              operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                                                                                      
                                                                            Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                                            ATO related to the claim and agreed the
              Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                                                                            assessment to management’s estimate.
              Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                                                                              
              from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and    toObtained
                                                                                    issue an copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                               auditor’s report that
                                                                                  company’s external tax specialist and agreed
              includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                                                                                  the advice to the current calculation and the
              audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                                                                                  2016 lodgement.
              misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
              if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
                                                                                      to influence
                                                                                  Assessed             the economic
                                                                                            the classification of the amount in the
              decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.      financial statements.

              A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the
              Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
              https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of
              our auditor's report.




                                                                                                                         Page 82 of 88
              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                 84
                                                                                                                                    84

               84       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               Independent Audit Report to the Members of Starpharma Holdings Limited

               [Page 4]




               Report on the remuneration report




For personal use only
               Our opinion on the remuneration report
               We have audited the
                    Key audit      remuneration report included in pages
                              matter                                 How 21our
                                                                            to 42 of the
                                                                               audit     directors’
                                                                                      addressed  thereport
                                                                                                      key for
                                                                                                         auditthe
                                                                                                                matter
               year ended 30 June 2022.
                        Research and development tax incentive (Refer
                        to note 3 critical accounting estimates)
               In our opinion, the remuneration report of Starpharma Holdings Limited for the year ended 30 June
               2022 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act
                                                                     We2001.
                                                                        tested management’s estimate of the R&D Tax
                     Starpharma’s research and development (R&D)
                     activities are eligible for a refundable tax offset under an Incentive receivable to assess the amount accrued as at
               Responsibilities
                     Australian Government tax incentive. Management has           30 June 2017. As part of our procedures we:
                     assessed these activities and expenditure to determine
               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation             and presentation
                                                                                           Compared               ofrecorded
                                                                                                       the estimate  the      in the
                     their eligibility under the incentive scheme. The R&D
               remuneration report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations     financial    Act  2001.
                                                                                                     statements  as Our
                                                                                                                    at 30 responsibility
                                                                                                                          June 2016 to the
                     Tax Incentive receivable recorded for the year ended 30
               is to express   an  opinion    on
                     June 2017 was $3.5 million.
                                                  the  remuneration     report, based on our  audit
                                                                                           amount    conducted
                                                                                                    of cash       in
                                                                                                            received accordance
                                                                                                                     after         with
                                                                                                                           lodgement of the
               Australian Auditing Standards.                                              R&D Tax Incentive claim to assess historical
                     This is a key audit matter due to the fact that the                   accuracy of the estimate.
                        amount accrued in the financial statements is material
                        and there is a degree of judgement and interpretation of         Compared the nature of the R&D expenditure
                        the R&D tax legislation required by management to                 included in the current year estimate to the
                        assess the eligibility of the R&D expenditure under the           prior year estimate.
                        scheme.
                                                                                         Assessed the nature of the expenses against the
               PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                     eligibility criteria of the R&D Tax Incentive
                                                                                          programme.

                                                                                         Agreed the eligible expenditure in the estimate
                                                                                          to the general ledger.

                                                                                         Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                          ATO related to the claim and agreed the
                                                                                          assessment to management’s estimate.
                  Brad Peake                                                                                              Melbourne
                  Partner                                                             
                                                                                                                     25 August   2022
                                                                                          Obtained copies of correspondence with the
                                                                                          company’s external tax specialist and agreed
                                                                                          the advice to the current calculation and the
                                                                                          2016 lodgement.

                                                                                         Assessed the classification of the amount in the
                                                                                          financial statements.




                                                                                                                             Page 82 of 88
               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021                                                                                       85
                                                                                                                                           85

                                                                                                           STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   85
               Shareholder Information

               The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 12 August 2022.

               Supplementary information as required by ASX listing requirements.


               A. Distribution of Equity Shareholders
               Analysis of numbers of equity security holders by size of holding




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       Class of equity security

                                                                                                             Shares        Performance rights

               1 –1,000                                                                                        2,486                            1
               1,001–5,000                                                                                     2,976                            –
               5,001–10,000                                                                                    1,219                            –
               10,001–100,000                                                                                  1,756                        25
               100,001 and over                                                                                  268                        21

               Total                                                                                           8,705                        47


               There were 1,461 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.




               B. Equity Security Holders
               The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:
                                                                                                                             Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                  Percentage
                          Name                                                                         Number held          of issued shares

               1.         HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                     125,696,605                     30.77
               2.         JP Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                       50,649,246                     12.40
               3.         Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                  25,124,364                      6.15
               4.         BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                 15,570,999                      3.81
               5.         Mirrabooka Investments Limited                                                  7,005,830                      1.72
               6.         National Nominees Limited                                                       6,566,038                      1.61
               7.         T & N Argyrides Investments P/L <T & N Argyrides Pension A/C>                   4,830,000                      1.18
               8.         BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd ACF Clearstream                                    4,444,357                      1.09
               9.         Applecross Secretarial Services Pty Ltd <L Gorr Family A/C>                     3,361,550                      0.82
               10.        Ms Jacinth Fairley                                                              3,252,386                      0.80
               11.        Mr Kingsley Bryan Bartholomew                                                   3,124,025                      0.76
               12.        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <IN AU Noms Retail Client>                         2,718,965                      0.67
                             DRP A         L di DRP A/C
               13.        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited - A/C 2                               2,653,586                      0.65
               14.        Mr Peter Murray Jackson                                                         2,440,000                      0.60
               15.        Mr Thomas Harrington Mann                                                       2,200,000                      0.54
               16.        Dollar Coin Investments Pty Ltd <Cousins Discretionary A/C>                     2,007,501                      0.49
               17.        Peppertree Custodian Services Pty Ltd <Mulcahy Superannuation>                  1,644,450                      0.40
                              A/C M ill L    h (A t li ) N i         Pt Li it d
               18.        Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation                    1,448,798                      0.35
               19.        Mr David Michael Hosey + Mrs Andrea Jane Hosey                                  1,441,528                      0.35
               20.        Merrill Lynch (Australia) Nominees Pty Limited                                  1,378,091                      0.34
                                                                                                        267,558,319                     65.51




               86       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020


               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                              86
              Shareholder Information


                                                                                                        Unquoted equity securities over ordinary shares

              Name                                                                                       Number on issue                   Number of holders
              Employee Performance Rights                                                                       15,784,044                                       47




For personal use only
              C. Substantial Holders
              Substantial shareholders with a shareholding greater than 5% as shown in substantial shareholder notices received by the company as at 12
              August 2022:


                                                                                                                                              Ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                                 Percentage of
              Name                                                                                           Number held                          issue shares
              Allan Gray Australia Pty Ltd                                                                      50,210,598                                  12.32

              Allianz SE                                                                                        41,249,500                                  10.10

              M&G Plc                                                                                           31,889,780                                   7.85

              FIL Limited                                                                                       29,778,237                                   7.31

              UIL Limited                                                                                       19,046,000                                   5.12




              D. Voting Rights
              The voting rights attached to each class of equity securities are set out below:
              (a) Ordinary shares              On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and on a poll
                                               each share shall have one vote.
              (b) Performance Rights           No voting rights.




                                                                                                              STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022    87

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                     87
               Intellectual Property Report

               The Starpharma patent portfolio currently has around 20 active patent families with over 200 granted patents and more than 70 patent
               applications pending.


               Key patents within the Starpharma portfolio as at 31 July 2022:

                                                               Priority Date &
                                    Title                                               Patents Granted                       Applications Pending
                                                             Publication Number




For personal use only
                 VivaGel® Patent Portfolio
                 Agents for the Prevention &                    30 March 2001                 USA
                 Treatment of Sexually                          WO02/079299
                 Transmitted Diseases


                 Microbicidal Dendrimer                        18 October 2005      Australia, Canada, Europe,
                 Composition Delivery System                   WO2007/045009         Hong Kong, India, Japan,
                 (Condom related)                                                     Malaysia, Mexico, New
                                                                                  Zealand, Russian Federation,
                                                                                    South Korea, Taiwan, USA
                 Method of Treatment or                         16 May 2011          Australia, Brazil, Canada,                         India
                 Prophylaxis of Bacterial                      WO2012/000891        China, Europe, Hong Kong,
                 Vaginosis                                                        Israel, Japan, Mexico, Russia,
                                                                                         South Korea, USA

                 Method of Treatment or                      13 September 2012    Canada, China, Europe, Hong
                 Prophylaxis of Infection of the              WO2014/043576         Kong, India, Japan, USA
                 Eye
                 Drug Delivery Patent Portfolio (includes DEP® Patents)
                 Macromolecules Compounds                      25 October 2005     Australia, Canada, Europe,
                 having Controlled Stoichiometry               WO2007/048190                   USA

                 Modified Macromolecules                       20 January 2006      Australia, Canada, China,                         Europe
                                                               WO2007/082331      Hong Kong, India, Japan, USA

                 Targeted Polylysine Dendrimer                 11 August 2006      China, Europe, India, USA
                 Therapeutic Agent                             WO2008/017125

                 Macromolecules                                 6 June 2011         Australia, Brazil Canada,                    China, India, USA
                 (Drug linkers)                                WO2012/167309       China, Europe, Hong Kong,
                                                                                    Japan, South Korea, USA
                 Dendrimer Drug Conjugates                      6 June 2014               Europe, USA                                   India
                 (DEP-Insulin/GLP1)                            WO 2015/184510

                 Therapeutic Dendrimer                          19 July 2018                  USA                    Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe,
                 (DEP-Cabazitaxel)                             WO2020/014750                                        India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico,
                                                                                                                   Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, South
                                                                                                                                        Korea
                 Dendrimer for Therapy and                    29 November 2018                                       Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe,
                 Imaging                                       WO2020/107078                                         India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Malaysia,
                 (DEP-radiotheranostic)                                                                               Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South
                                                                                                                              Africa, South Korea, USA
                 Therapeutic Dendrimer                        20 November 2018                                        Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China,
                 (DEP-Irinotecan)                              WO2020/102852                                          Europe, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan,
                                                                                                                    Malaysia, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Singapore,
                                                                                                                       South Africa, South Korea, UAE, USA
                 Therapeutic Dendrimer                       26 September 2019                                       Australia, Canada, China, Europe, India,
                 (DEP-GEM)                                    WO2021/056077                                           Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Saudi Arabia,
                                                                                                                        Singapore, South Africa, UAE, USA
                 Targeted Dendrimer                            28 August 2019                                      Australia, Brazil Canada, China, Europe, India,
                 Conjugates                                    WO2021/035310                                         Japan, Malaysia, Korea, Singapore, USA
                 (DEP-targeted)
                 Method of Prophylaxis of                       15 April 2020                                      International Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT)
                 Coronavirus Infection                         WO/2021/207790                                                        application

                 Dendrimer-drug conjugates                     31 August 2020                                      International Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT)
                 (Remdesivir)                                  WO2022/040761                                                         application


               Starpharma actively protects its trademark rights with filings and registrations in key markets. The primary marks protected are STARPHARMA,
               VIVAGEL, DEP and VIRALEZE.




               88       STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2020


               Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                    88
              Corporate Directory


              Company name                                                  Solicitors
              Starpharma Holdings Limited                                   DLA Piper
              ABN 20 078 532 180                                            80 Collins Street
                                                                            Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia

              Directors
                                                                            Stock exchange listing
              R B Thomas AO – Chairman




For personal use only
              J K Fairley – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director   ASX Limited
              Z Peach                                                       Level 4, North Tower, Rialto, 525 Collins Street,
              D J McIntyre                                                  Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia
              L Cheng
              J R Davies                                                    ASX Code: SPL


              Company Secretary                                             Starpharma’s American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) trade under
                                                                            the code SPHRY (CUSIP number 855563102). Each Starpharma
              Nigel Baade                                                   ADR is equivalent to ten ordinary shares of Starpharma as traded
                                                                            on the ASX. The Bank of New York Mellon is the depositary bank.
              Registered office                                             Starpharma’s ADRs are listed on OTCQX International
              4-6 Southampton Crescent                                      (www.otcmarkets.com), a premium market tier in the U.S. for
              Abbotsford, Victoria 3067 Australia                           international exchange-listed companies, operated by OTC
                                                                            Markets Group.
              Telephone +61 3 8532 2700

                                                                            Website address
              Postal address                                                www.starpharma.com
              PO Box 2022
              Preston VIC 3072 Australia


              Share register
              Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
              452 Johnston Street, Abbotsford VIC 3067

              GPO Box 2975
              Melbourne, VIC 3001

              1300 850 505 (within Australia)
              +613 9415 4000 (outside Australia)
              www.computershare.com


              Auditor
              PricewaterhouseCoopers
              2 Riverside Quay
              Southbank VIC 3006 Australia




                                                                                                 STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2022   89

              Starpharma Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                        89
For personal use only

               STARPHARMA HOLDINGS LIMITED
               ABN 20 078 532 180
               4-6 Southampton Crescent
               Abbotsford
               VIC 3067 Australia
               Telephone +61 3 8532 2700
               www.starpharma.com
