THIS IS
SCHEDULED
RAILROADING




2 02 3 a n n ua l r e p o r t
Except where otherwise indicated, all financial information reflected in this document is expressed in Canadian dollars and determined on the basis of United States
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
 Certain statements included in this annual report constitute “forward‑looking statements” within the meaning of the United States Private Securities
 Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and under Canadian securities laws, including statements based on management’s assessment and assumptions and publicly
 available information with respect to CN. By their nature, forward‑looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. CN cautions that
 its assumptions may not materialize and that current economic conditions render such assumptions, although reasonable at the time they were made,
 subject to greater uncertainty. Forward‑looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,”
“assumes,” “outlook,” “plans,” “targets” or other similar words.
Forward‑looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results,
performance or achievements of CN to be materially different from the outlook or any future results, performance or achievements implied by such
statements. Accordingly, readers are advised not to place undue reliance on forward‑looking statements. Important risk factors that could affect the
forward‑looking statements include, but are not limited to, general economic and business conditions, including factors impacting global supply chains
such as pandemics and geopolitical conflicts and tensions; industry competition; inflation, currency and interest rate fluctuations; changes in fuel prices;
legislative and/or regulatory developments; compliance with environmental laws and regulations; actions by regulators; increases in maintenance
and operating costs; security threats; reliance on technology and related cybersecurity risk; trade restrictions or other changes to international trade
arrangements; transportation of hazardous materials; various events which could disrupt operations, including illegal blockades of rail networks; and
natural events such as severe weather, droughts, fires, floods and earthquakes; climate change; labor negotiations and disruptions; environmental
claims; uncertainties of investigations, proceedings and other types of claims and litigation; risks and liabilities arising from derailments; timing and
completion of capital programs; the availability of and cost competitiveness of renewable fuels and the development of new locomotive propulsion
technology; reputational risks; supplier concentration; pension funding requirements and volatility; and other risks detailed from time to time in reports
filed by CN with securities regulators in Canada and the United States. Reference should also be made to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”
in this annual report as well as the Annual Information Form and Form 40‑F filed with Canadian and U.S. securities regulators and available on CN’s
website for a description of major risk factors relating to CN.
Forward‑looking statements reflect information as of the date on which they are made. CN assumes no obligation to update or revise forward‑looking
statements to reflect future events, changes in circumstances, or changes in beliefs, unless required by applicable securities laws. In the event CN does
update any forward‑looking statement, no inference should be made that CN will make additional updates with respect to that statement, related
matters, or any other forward‑looking statement. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into
this annual report.
As used herein, “Company” or “CN” refers to Canadian National Railway Company and, as the context requires, its wholly owned subsidiaries.




PICTURED (ABOVE):
A merchandise train travels through Snaring, AB.
PICTURED (FRONT COVER):
CN’s disciplined scheduled operating model is
driving velocity and fluidity across our network.
Snaring, AB
PICTURED (BACK COVER, LEFT TO RIGHT):
Glen Davidge, Locomotive Engineer, Kamloops, BC
Inderpreet Deol, Senior Officer, Design and Construction, Toronto, ON
Kenneth Hefling, Machinist, Woodcrest, IL
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
       II    About CN

      IV     Letter from the Chair

      VI     Letter from the CEO

    VIII     We Are All Railroaders

       X     Sustain and Build
             Service Excellence

     XV      Grow Our Business

    X XI     Grow Our People

   XXV       Board of Directors

XXVII        Select Executive Officers

X X VI I I   Shareholder and
             Investor Information


             FINANCIAL SECTION

        1    Selected Railroad
             Statistics – unaudited

        2    Management’s Discussion
             and Analysis

      68     Management’s Report
             on Internal Control over
             Financial Reporting

      69     Report of Independent
             Registered Public
             Accounting Firm

      72     Consolidated Financial
             Statements

      77     Notes to the Consolidated
             Financial Statements


                        cn 202 3 annual report   i
ABOUT
CN
                                                                                                                                                  Hay River
                                                                                                                               Fort Nelson

                                                                                                    Prince Rupert

                                                                                                                                                      Fort McMurray

CN is a world‑class transportation leader and trade‑enabler. Essential                                         Prince George
to the economy, to the customers, and to the communities it serves,
                                                                                                                                                     Edmonton
CN safely transports more than 300 million tons of natural resources,
manufactured products, and finished goods throughout North America
every year. CN's network connects Canada’s Eastern and Western coasts
with the U.S. South through an 18,800 mile rail network. CN and its affiliates                                                         Kamloops
have been contributing to community prosperity and sustainable trade
since 1919. CN is committed to programs supporting social responsibility                                                                          Calgary
                                                                                                                Vancouver
and environmental stewardship.



cn’s 2023 performance


Revenues                                           Diluted earnings per share (EPS)

$
      16.8B
(down 2% )    1
                                                   $
                                                       8.53
                                                   (up 15%1)

Free cash flow                                     Adjusted diluted EPS

$
       3.9B
(down 9% )     1
                                2                  $
                                                       7.28
                                                   (down 2%1)
                                                                               2




1
    Versus 2022.
2
    These non‑GAAP measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore,
    may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. See the sections entitled
    Non‑GAAP measures – Adjusted performance measures and Liquidity and capital resources – Free cash flow in
    Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) included in this annual report for explanations of these
    non‑GAAP measures.

    NOTE: Operating measures on Page XII are unaudited and based on estimated data available at this time and are subject to
    change as more complete information becomes available.



ii    cn 202 3 annual report
                                                                            Make the Plan.
                                                                              Run the Plan.
                                                                             Sell the Plan.
                                                                            This is Scheduled Railroading.


Saskatoon                                                                                         Sept-Îles
                                                                                            Baie-Comeau
                                                                                                                   Matane

              Winnipeg                                                                                                  Moncton
 Regina
                                     Thunder Bay
                                                                                     Quebec                                         Halifax
                                                                                                                 Saint John
                                                          Sault                 Montreal
                                                     Ste. Marie
                         Duluth
                                                                                                                Auburn
                                           Stevens
                      Chippewa Falls        Point
                                                      Green          Toronto
            Minneapolis/St. Paul                      Bay                                                    Worcester
                                                                   Sarnia                   Syracuse
                              Arcadia     Fond                                    Buffalo
                                         du Lac                                                              New London
                                                          Detroit
                                                                               Conneaut
            Sioux City
                                           Joliet                 Toledo
               Omaha           East Peoria
                                                      Chicago                    Pittsburgh

                                                                Indianapolis
                                  Springfield
                                                      Decatur
                            East St. Louis




                                                    Memphis


                                                                                                       CN main lines
                                                    Jackson
                                                                                                       Secondary and feeder lines
                                                                                                       Shortline partners
                                                              Mobile
                           Baton Rouge                                                                 Ports served by CN
                                                        Pascagoula
                                                      Gulfport
                                   New Orleans




                                                                                                           cn 202 3 annual report    iii
LETTER FROM
THE CHAIR
Dear fellow shareholders,

CN plays a significant role in powering the economy and safely delivering essential
goods across North America. In 2023, we did so despite a number of external challenges,
from climate‑related impacts to our network and our customers’ operations, to labour
disruptions at Canada’s vital West Coast ports. We also managed through a meaningful
decline in demand, and a volatile economic and geopolitical environment that saw high
inflation, rising interest rates, and changing trade flows.

Throughout 2023, our disciplined scheduled operating              relations, and our overall approach to sustainability. We also
model drove improved efficiency and resiliency, and               brought in external experts to inform our thinking and our
enabled a higher, more reliable level of customer service.        approach on emerging issues, risks, and opportunities,
With this solid foundation of operational and service             and to make sure we are anticipating scenarios that could
excellence, the strong leadership of Tracy Robinson and the       impact our Company and our people.
management team, and the commitment and engagement
                                                                  With respect to climate change, CN remains firmly
of our nearly 25,000 employees, we are well positioned to
                                                                  committed to the transition to a lower‑carbon economy
accelerate sustainable, profitable growth.
                                                                  and our annual advisory vote on the Company’s
The Board remains steadfast in our commitment to ensure           Climate Action Plan reinforces that commitment.
leading governance practices and we are confident in the          The advisory vote complements our long-standing and
Company’s strategic direction.                                    robust climate change plans and disclosures, our public
                                                                  reporting of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions as well
                                                                  as our year‑over‑year progress, and our strategy to
strong governance                                                 reduce emissions.
Over the past year, we continued to focus on several
                                                                  When it comes to stakeholder and Indigenous relations,
critical areas: strategy, growth, operational performance
                                                                  we understand our important responsibilities to the diverse
and safety, and enterprise risk management. And given
                                                                  mix of customers and geographies we serve, and to the
the economic and geopolitical uncertainty, we sought
                                                                  communities along our network. Given the increasing
to challenge our own thinking, taking a dynamic and
                                                                  complexity of our operating environment and our desire
continuous improvement approach to our governance.
                                                                  to grow, 2023 afforded us the opportunity to refresh our
Our work encompassed ongoing oversight of capital                 stakeholder and Indigenous engagement strategy with the
allocation, management, and efficiency to ensure our              aim to deepen our relationships and to further build trust
investments are well aligned with our growth plan,                and reciprocity. An important step in our journey towards
deployed in the most strategic areas, and earning the             reconciliation with Indigenous peoples was our issuance of
appropriate returns. We took an enterprise‑level approach         a formal acknowledgement of the historical role railways
to evaluating our risks, our risk tolerance, and our mitigation   played as instruments of colonial policies. We are now
capabilities. We reviewed our strategic enablers, including       developing a Reconciliation Action Plan, which we plan to
the development and evolution of our talent and culture,          release in 2024 and which will include specific, measurable
employee engagement, stakeholder and Indigenous                   targets that support our reconciliation journey.




iv   cn 202 3 annual report
                                                             thank you
                                                             I want to thank our employees, customers, shareholders,
                                                             the communities in which we operate, and other
                                                             stakeholders for their insight and ongoing support
                                                             and collaboration.

                                                             As your Chair and on behalf of every member of the
                                                             Board of Directors, thank you for your continued trust and
                                                             support as we work to accelerate sustainable, profitable
collaboration and                                            growth and fulfill our purpose to power the economy
continuous improvement                                       today and into the future.
Over the past year, the open and transparent dialogue        We encourage you to join us at our Annual Meeting of
and working relationship between the Board of Directors      Shareholders on April 26, 2024.
and CN Leadership Team have helped us to better
understand our business risks and opportunities in the
near, medium, and longer term. We have further refined
and aligned our Board and Committee agendas to ensure
that we are spending the necessary time and focus on the     Shauneen Bruder
right strategic topics.                                      Chair of the Board
In addition to benefiting from dialogue and engagement
with external experts, the Board also had the opportunity
to engage with customers, employees, shareholders,
and our Indigenous communities, and to benefit
from continued director education. Collectively and              Recognized for governance and
individually, Board members have responded to the                sustainability leadership
changing environment with additional training in areas
that include climate change, cybersecurity, and artificial       CN is proud to have our governance and
intelligence. I am grateful for my Board colleagues’             sustainability best practices recognized. The 2023
diligence and commitment. I am confident that we have            Globe and Mail’s Report on Business evaluated the
the right skills and diversity around the table to work          work of Canada’s corporate boards using a strict set
constructively, ask the right questions, and hold each           of governance criteria, and CN’s Board of Directors
other and the management team accountable, with                  was recognized for its performance and ranked
                                                                 first place among companies listed on the S&P/TSX
integrity and transparency.
                                                                 Composite Index. We earned a leadership score
                                                                 from the global environmental non-profit CDP
                                                                 for our dedication to corporate transparency and
The Board remains steadfast                                      performance on tackling climate change. We have
                                                                 been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index
in our commitment to ensure                                      (DJSI) World Index for 12 consecutive years, and the
                                                                 DJSI North America Index for 15 consecutive years.
leading governance practices                                     And, CN was honoured to be recognized by the 2024

and we are confident in the                                      S&P Global Yearbook as one of the top sustainability
                                                                 performers in the transportation industry.

Company’s strategic direction."




                                                                                           cn 202 3 annual report       v
LETTER FROM
THE CEO
Dear fellow shareholders,

In 2023, CN continued to demonstrate the power of its scheduled operating model,
what we call “Make the Plan, Run the Plan, Sell the Plan.” Through planning, strategic
investments and relentless execution, we maintained the reliability, efficiency and
resilience of our network, despite a landscape filled with challenges.

These challenges manifested in various forms for CN from       while driving equal focus on what we need to win in the
a record Canadian wildfire season, floods and labour           longer term. Within Operations, we created a Chief Field
disruptions at ports, to evolving trade flows and a decline    Operations Officer position and Chief Network Operating
in demand that impacted our entire industry. Despite           Officer position to acknowledge two distinct responsibilities,
these obstacles, our team rallied together, demonstrating      and we named highly experienced leaders to these roles.
resiliency and an unwavering commitment to serve our
                                                               At the core of our operations is our planning process,
customers and move the economy.
                                                               orchestrated by our Network Operations team. They
                                                               optimize our rail network and ”Make the Plan,” ensuring
safety                                                         seamless operations and alignment with customer demands
Safety remains at the heart of everything we do. And while     through continuous refinement. Patrick Whitehead is
we achieved continued improvement in key metrics, we           responsible for the Operations teams who “Make the Plan”
cannot celebrate these milestones, as we also mourned          by optimizing volumes for our entire network and looking
the tragic loss of two colleagues. Mohammed Khan and           ahead to ensure we are set up for future growth with the
John Thornton were both fatally injured while on duty          right network, assets and crew resources.
last year. Our deepest sympathies go out to their families,
                                                                Derek Taylor is accountable for leading the teams that
friends and colleagues. The best way for us to honour our
                                                               “Run the Plan,” as it takes a lot of day‑to‑day focus to keep
fallen colleagues is to continue to prioritize safety, every
                                                                our trains moving safely and on time. Our Field Operations
minute of each and every day. This takes leadership and a
                                                                team assumes responsibility to ensure that trains depart
safety culture that embraces and embeds commitment, not
                                                                on time, making trains meet efficiently and reducing
simply compliance. We are also leaning into advancements
                                                                dwell times, keeping us on schedule, maximizing asset
in technology alongside comprehensive training and
                                                                utilization and fostering consistency and predictability in
development and near‑miss reporting to support our
                                                                customer service.
aspiration of zero harm.
                                                               We constantly review our performance to align our
                                                               performance with our objectives. We look at metrics
sustain and build service excellence                           such as velocity, dwell times, origin and destination
We have made unique and innovative structural changes          train performance. I’m happy to report that in 2023,
to further integrate and align our teams and to entrench       velocity improved by 9%, dwell times by 8%, Origin
the ”Make the Plan, Run the Plan, Sell the Plan” model. This   Train Performance by 12.6% and Destination Train
allows us to balance what we need to be successful today       Performance by 18%.




vi   cn 202 3 annual report
                                                                 grow our people
                                                                 Our railroaders are the engine who drive our success today
                                                                 and in the future. We want to be the best company to work
                                                                 for, and across the organization, we are evolving our way of
                                                                 working to be more innovative and inclusive.

                                                                 In the field, we are looking to evolve and improve our
                                                                 relationship with our unionized workforce and union leadership.
                                                                 We want them to benefit from the transformation our

CN plays an important role in                                    Company is undergoing by leveraging our model to improve
                                                                 their work‑life balance and provide them with more predictable
enabling supply chains, so we’re                                 work schedules while ensuring our service levels remain strong.

always thinking about ways we                                    More broadly, we aim to ensure our team reflects the communities
                                                                 where we operate and embraces the chance to make a difference
can leverage our three‑coast                                     and grow their careers. In the past year, we started to change
                                                                 some of the things we do and how we do them because we
network and our strong service                                   believe that everyone deserves a good leader, and everyone

to grow with our customers."                                     deserves development. In addition to our scheduled operations
                                                                 and structural changes, we are investing in the development
                                                                 and succession of our people, attracting the right talent, and
                                                                 empowering them to step in and act based on our clear values
                                                                 and strategic priorities, thus supporting their and our growth.
grow our business
CN plays an important role in enabling supply chains, so         delivering responsibly
we’re always thinking about ways we can leverage our
                                                                 We have been railroading for over 100 years, and we aim to be
three‑coast network and our strong service to grow with
                                                                 here for at least 100 more. Delivering Responsibly is at the heart
our customers. We work closely with our customers to
                                                                 of how we are building for a sustainable future. Our vision
understand where they want to grow and how that traffic
                                                                 is to be the safest and most carbon‑efficient, operationally
fits our network. This lets us determine the best plan, as
                                                                 effective and customer‑centric railroad in North America.
well as the best ways to build out our network capacity,
                                                                 Our sustainability commitment is anchored by five key pillars:
assets and people to enable that growth. In some cases,
                                                                 Environment, Safety, People, Community, and Governance.
we have capacity available. In other cases, we may need
to come together in different ways with other supply chain
                                                                 prepared for what’s ahead
partners. Our network is well positioned to benefit from
shifting trade flows and emerging markets both within            We are determined to accelerate sustainable, profitable
North America and globally. Whether it’s new energy              growth by building on our scheduled railroading approach,
sources, the electrification of vehicles, working with           capabilities and talent. We power the economy and aim to
other railroads to provide best‑in‑class cross‑continental       drive growth through CN specific initiatives, as well as from
connections, expanding existing connections, or acquiring        improving economic conditions.
existing assets to offer more options for shippers, our
                                                                 We have the right operating model. We have the
Company continues to provide opportunities for customers
                                                                 right people. We are committed to driving continued
to win in their markets. Our Local Service Commitment
                                                                 improvements in the safety and efficiency of our operations.
Plan, or LSCP, which measures our performance with our
                                                                 And we are committed to continuing to provide the service
customers, was up 11%. We are also investing in tools and
                                                                 that our customers need to grow in their markets.
technology, including CN One, that improve our customers’
ease of doing business with us.                                  Thank you,

As part of our succession planning, Remi G. Lalonde was
appointed as Executive Vice‑President and Special Advisor
to the CEO, in anticipation of his transition in 2024 to Chief
Commercial Officer (CCO) — a critical role in overseeing
our talented Commercial team to “Sell the Plan” and              Tracy Robinson
deliver our growth agenda.                                       President and Chief Executive Officer



                                                                                                  cn 202 3 annual report        vii
                               Imran Ahmad, Assistant Superintendent, Transportation   Chyle Christie, Mechanical Supervisor
                                                                         Calgary, AB   Walker Yard, Edmonton, AB



Orson Jones, Locomotive Engineer
               Kirk Yard, Gary, IN




                                                       WE ARE ALL
                                                       RAILROADERS
                                                       Working together to power the economy.



                                         Kristalyn Ross, Timekeeper
                                         Homewood, IL
                                    Simon Gosselin-Audet, Rail Lubricator Maintainer
                                    Joffre, QC



                                    Angelique Cope, Senior Officer, Public Works
                                    Homewood, IL




Kanwaljit Kamboj, ELE-Mechanical
   Symington Yard, Winnipeg, MB



May Dong, Senior Operations Clerk
      Walker Yard, Edmonton, AB
SUSTAIN AND BUILD
SERVICE EXCELLENCE
CN has a great network and skilled team of railroaders who are working together
to provide our customers with the service they need to win in their markets. CN’s
disciplined approach to scheduled railroading — what we call “Make the Plan, Run the
Plan, Sell the Plan” — is driving velocity and fluidity across the network, helping us to
meet the expectations of our customers and positioning us for sustainable growth.




                                                                                                               PICTURED:
                                                            Stéphanie Proulx, Conductor, supports the safety and efficiency
x   cn 202 3 annual report                                           of our operations at Taschereau Yard in Montreal, QC.
make the plan
Rail networks are complex systems that require careful
planning and execution to ensure trains run on time and reach
their destinations safely. CN’s Network Operations team is the
plan architect. They create a plan that optimizes capacity for
the entire network and makes the best use of operating assets
like crews, locomotives, rolling stock and rail infrastructure.
The team analyzes all volumes across the network to build
the most efficient train plan to meet customer demand.

By continuously assessing volumes, train movements,
and performance, CN refines the plan to minimize delays,
optimizing customer service and efficiency. Network
Operations also manages and directs the safe and effective
movement of trains everywhere along our tracks. Having
this coordinated and all‑encompassing network plan makes
it easier to adjust to volume fluctuations, deliver the level of
service predictability our customers need and expect, and
ensure the whole network is more resilient to disruptions,
such as weather events or market challenges.


run the plan
When it comes to running the plan, CN’s Field Operations
team focuses on execution. Trains need to depart on time
and make their connections at the scheduled time with
the correct blocks of cars. CN teams work hard to reduce
dwell, or the time trains spend in our terminals and yards.
When running on a schedule, it is critical that every train          Viterra Grain facility
                                                                     Vegreville, AB
departs on time because its locomotives are expected at
the next terminal to be put on another train with a new
crew. The railcars are also planned for connections so the
team can get them to customers on time. Strict adherence           sell the plan
to the schedule drives higher asset velocity, more consistent
                                                                   By making and running a network‑wide plan with discipline,
utilization of power and crews, and more predictable and
                                                                   we unlock additional capacity to safely move more goods
consistent customer service from the first to the last mile.
                                                                   and grow our network in the future. CN’s Commercial team
The plan is sacred. Together, our Network Operations and           sells into our available capacity. We sit down with customers
Field Operations teams refine the plan on a continuous             to identify and plan what we can transport today, and
basis. Coordination, communication and collaboration are           then our Commercial team works in lockstep with their
key. Any changes are made with a view to optimizing the            Operations colleagues to deliver on our commitments.
whole network.
                                                                   We also have in‑depth conversations with our customers
                                                                   to understand their business cycles, trade flows and growth
By making and running                                              plans. This close collaboration with our customers and
                                                                   across our teams helps us strategically determine why,
a network‑wide plan with                                           where, when and how to make the right investments to
                                                                   expand our network, build new capabilities or grow capacity
discipline, we unlock additional                                   in line with the needs of our customers. No matter if it

capacity to safely move                                            means adding train starts, extending or laying new track,
                                                                   investing in additional equipment, or tapping existing
more goods and grow our                                            corridors that have capacity, CN follows this rigorous and
                                                                   integrated process to win with our customers and to enable
network in the future.                                             sustainable, profitable growth.



                                                                                                  cn 202 3 annual report      xi
                                                    this is scheduled railroading
                                                    Our scheduled railroading approach drove outstanding operating
                                                    results in 2023. Car velocity was 213 miles per day, up 9% from the
                                                    prior year. In fact, our velocity reached levels not seen since our
                                                    record performance in 2016. Dwell time across all yards was 7.0 hours,
                                                    an improvement of 8% from the prior year. Through a local service
                                                    commitment plan (LSCP), CN measures if a customer receives the right
                                                    cars and in the committed switch window. The LSCP measured 91%
                                                    in 2023, compared with 80% in 2022.

                                                    Of course, nothing is more important than safety. We recorded a
                                                    13% improvement in our injury frequency rate in 2023 versus 2022,
                                                    and a 17% improvement in our accident rate over the same period.
                                                    Our safety aspiration remains anchored in our commitment to
                                                    eliminate injuries and accidents. Every minute of every day, our top
                                                    priority is ensuring everyone returns home safely.

      MacMillan Yard, Toronto, ON
                                                    structured to sustain and
                                                    build on our performance
                                                    We evolved our Operations structure in late 2023 to align with the
      Collaboration in action                       distinct focus and capabilities required to develop our plan and the
                                                    day‑to‑day demands of safely executing the plan. The restructuring
      CN teams — including Operations,              embeds our “Make the Plan, Run the Plan, Sell the Plan” approach in
      Commercial, Business Development,             our business and will help us sustain our service and performance, while
      Public Affairs and Dangerous                  serving as a platform for growth as we move forward.
      Goods — put the “Make the Plan, Run
                                                    Patrick Whitehead, Executive Vice‑President and Chief Network
      the Plan, Sell the Plan” approach into
      action by partnering with Norcan              Operating Officer, “makes the plan,” leading Network Operations,
      to develop a high‑throughput fuel             Mechanical, Engineering and the corporate Safety team. Derek Taylor,
      distribution centre in the Greater            Executive Vice‑President and Chief Field Operations Officer, “runs the
      Toronto Area at MacMillan Yard.               plan,” with system‑wide leadership for Transportation and Intermodal
                                                    Operations. This innovative structure is intended to further integrate
      “We met early on with Norcan to
                                                    all teams in creating, executing and selling into the plan. It also allows
       understand their marketplace
                                                    us to remain focused on the intense day‑to‑day demands of running
       needs, and then developed an
       efficient operating plan with                our network and maintaining our customer service levels. At the same
       commodity‑tailored blocking from             time, it gives our team the ability to continuously optimize the overall
       origin to destination. The plan, along       network while looking ahead to determine future requirements when it
       with our significant infrastructure          comes to our workforce, track and other infrastructure investments, as
       investment, is responsive to customer        well as operating technologies to support safety, growth and efficiency.
       needs, lets us sell into available
       capacity in the Eastern corridor, and
       keeps our network fluid.”
                                                                                              Brad Mueller, Assistant Supervisor, Track,
                                                                                                          at Thornton Yard, Surrey, BC
      Daniel Chan
      Manager Business Development, CN

      “Our partnership with CN on the new
       rail terminal helps us efficiently utilize
       our fleet, safely move in‑demand fuel
       products, and serve our customers in
       sustainable ways. It’s a win‑win.”
      Mike Thompson
      President, Norcan




xii   cn 202 3 annual report
  CN's specially trained Dangerous Goods
  Officers lead a hazmat training exercise
  with local first responders in Montreal, QC.




safety is our core value — and at
the heart of scheduled railroading
While our scheduled operation is running smoothly, it means nothing
if we don’t do it safely. Our ambition is to be the safest railroad in        Real‑time hazard and
North America with an uncompromising commitment to the health and             near‑miss reporting technology
safety of our employees, the customers we serve, and the communities
and environments in which we operate.                                         CN’s field employees have safety
                                                                              technology at their fingertips.
We aspire to ZERO. Our aim is to eliminate serious injuries and
                                                                              A new mobile application enabling
fatalities, and we are committed to providing the leadership, training        real‑time safety reporting earned a
and resources necessary to achieve our goals. To continually reinforce        2023 Railway Association of Canada
our safety culture, field employees participate in regular hands‑on           (RAC) Safety Award. Enablon Go
training and daily job safety briefings. Ongoing exposure reduction           lets field employees quickly report
discussions and hazard inspections are also organized to identify any         near misses or safety hazards
workplace and personal safety risks and to take any necessary and             while on‑site, in real time. This
immediate corrective actions. Field employees also have a mobile              enables us to take action, helping
technology application (Enablon Go) that enables real‑time and                to ensure potential issues don’t
                                                                              become injuries or accidents.
voluntary, confidential reporting of near misses or safety hazards while
                                                                              The app captures GPS coordinates
helping CN take action and create a safer working environment (see
                                                                              when employees report near misses
sidebar). Since its deployment, multiple issues and potential hazards
                                                                              or hazards — voluntarily and
have been reported and addressed through Enablon Go.                          confidentially — into their mobile
Since 2021, Operations employees have completed more than                     devices, and they can upload photo,
                                                                              video and audio files to provide
8,800 Safety Leadership Training courses, which include workshops
                                                                              additional information. With the
and ongoing in‑field coaching with this basic tenet: Leaders create
                                                                              technology application, CN aims to
the culture, culture determines behaviour, and behaviour drives safety.
                                                                              create a safer working environment
This is helping instill a safety culture based on values versus compliance.   and allow for the implementation
In June 2023, thousands of employees participated in CN’s first               of more impactful safety solutions
                                                                              based on systemic data.
Safety Week, which included meaningful opportunities to discuss
safety and recognize each others’ achievements and efforts to stay
safe. CN senior executives also engaged shoulder to shoulder with
field employees across the network. The week culminated with a
Safety Celebration award ceremony to honour railroaders who have              Learn more about CN’s safety policies and
                                                                              initiatives: www.cn.ca/en/safety/
dedicated their careers to staying safe on our network and looking out
for each other.



                                                                                            cn 202 3 annual report        xiii
                One of CN’s Autonomous Track Inspection Program (ATIP) railcars,
         positioned in a regularly scheduled train, crosses through Walhachin, BC.




                                                                                     Technology systems and
                                                                                     data analytics are helping
                                                                                     us to better predict potential
                                                                                     issues, helping to drive
                                                                                     improved safety outcomes.

                                                                                     Autonomous Track Inspection Program
                                                                                     CN has also installed powerful sensors and AI technology into
                                                                                     our Autonomous Track Inspection Program (ATIP) railcars,
                                                                                     which are positioned in regularly scheduled trains, enabling
                                                                                     24/7 track inspections at normal track speed. Using this
                                                                                     technology, our 11 ATIP cars inspected over one million miles of
                                                                                     track in 2023. In the future, CN intends to continue to upgrade
                                                                                     our ATIP cars with new technologies like ground‑penetrating
                                                                                     radar to scan into the roadbed looking for soft spots.

                                                                                     Automated Inspection Portals
                                                                                     Our Automated Inspection Portals (AIPs) feature
                                                                                     ultra‑high‑definition panoramic cameras and high‑intensity
advanced technologies                                                                LED lighting that capture a full 360‑degree view of the train
keep our network safer
                                                                                     and undercarriage as it travels at track speed through the
Along with training and leadership, we are leveraging                                portals for real‑time inspection. This complements current
advanced technologies to drive improved safety                                       manual railcar inspections and detector systems. Artificial
performance. Technology systems and data analytics are                               intelligence (AI) then helps experienced railcar mechanics
helping us to better predict potential issues, helping to drive                      identify railcars needing repair before a train arrives at the
improved safety outcomes.                                                            yard. CN currently has seven AIPs in operation, contributing
                                                                                     to increased safety, capacity and fluidity.
Wayside detection network
                                                                                     Electronic Track Authority Verification
We are proactively monitoring the mechanical health of
our trains to help prevent incidents before they happen.                             Our Electronic Track Authority Verification (ETAV) system is
CN has an extensive wayside detection network, utilizing                             fully deployed across our network to help improve safety for
over 24 million data points per day across more than                                 our field employees who operate on‑track inspection and
2,800 detectors along our mainline, providing layers of                              repair equipment. Leveraging CN’s Geospatial Information
protection to measure things like wheel bearing temperature                          System (GIS), ETAV provides hi‑rail vehicle operators with
and noise, wheel load impacts and any dragging                                       visual and audible alerts as they approach their track
equipment on the undercarriage of railcars. These detection                          authority limits. ETAV complements existing processes that
technologies generate alarms and notifications, allowing CN                          on‑track equipment operators use to get permission from
to take action to address a problem in real time.                                    rail traffic controllers to access and work on tracks.



xiv   cn 202 3 annual report
GROW OUR
BUSINESS
CN puts the customer at the centre of everything we do so we can provide consistent,
efficient and reliable service, while we also collaborate to understand and anticipate
their future needs to help them succeed. These strong customer relationships, along
with our integrated operating plan, network footprint and supply chain partnerships,
are key elements of our strategy as we aim to accelerate sustainable, profitable growth
going forward.




PICTURED:
The Port of Prince Rupert, BC, serves as CN’s exclusive gateway to/from Asia.
It’s one of the ports that provides CN customers with three-coast optionality.   cn 202 3 annual report   xv
leveraging the strength
of our network
Our geographic and commodity diversity gives CN a
distinct advantage. Our team moves a balanced and
diversified portfolio of products — fertilizers and grain
that help feed the world, lumber and panels that support
housing construction, raw materials that drive all kinds of
manufacturing, as well as emerging commodities that are
enabling the transition to a lower‑carbon economy, and so            seizing unique growth opportunities
much more. This commodity diversity positions CN to better
                                                                     CN is well positioned to develop end‑to‑end supply chain
weather economic fluctuations and enhances our ability to
                                                                     solutions and address global trade and commodity trends
help us and our customers grow their business.
                                                                     to support the growth and success of our customers.
Our network is also geared for growth, resiliency and speed,         In 2023, we helped our customers take advantage of
which is enabled by our disciplined scheduled railroading.           opportunities, and we took steps to be prepared for
We provide customers a transcontinental network with                 what’s next.
strong access to key natural resources, three‑coast
optionality and service through 22 inland rail terminals.            New energy sources
For example, our bypass loop around Chicago saves up to
                                                                     Worldwide efforts to combat climate change are driving
48 hours of transit time, and we have access to nine ports
                                                                     demand shifts toward new energy sources like wood pellets,
on three coasts with capacity to grow.
                                                                     biofuels, propane and hydrogen. CN is a key player in these
                                                                     rapidly developing markets, creating hubs to consolidate
                                                                     products onto rail to support the overall supply chain and
                                        AltaGas, Prince Rupert, BC
                                                                     strengthen the green energy transition. For example, with
                                                                     Keyera, CN is jointly developing the Alberta Clean Energy
                                                                     (ACE) terminal, the most efficient rail logistics solution in the
                                                                     Alberta Industrial Heartland, where as many as nine new
                                                                     plants are planned to be built in the next decade. ACE will
                                                                     look to aggregate clean energy fuels, creating opportunities
                                                                     for CN to transport more goods, more efficiently to markets
                                                                     across North America and around the world.

                                                                     In addition, CN is building a high‑throughput fuel
                                                                     distribution centre at MacMillan Yard in the Greater
                                                                     Toronto Area. The new rail facility will receive imported
                                                                     lower‑carbon fuels, like lower‑carbon‑intensity ethanol
                                                                     and renewable diesel. CN also plans to use renewable
                                                                     diesel for our locomotives. In 2023, CN also renewed and
                                                                     expanded a five‑year transportation agreement with
                                                                     AltaGas, leveraging our exclusive access to the Port of
                                                                     Prince Rupert, while supporting AltaGas’ ongoing resource
                                                                     development across Western Canada and providing its
                                                                     downstream customers with energy security to support
                                                                     economic activity.




xvi   cn 202 3 annual report
                                                                   Electric vehicles are off-loaded at CN’s Autoport, Halifax, NS.




Our network is geared
for growth, resiliency
and speed, which is
enabled by our disciplined
scheduled railroading.
Transition to electric vehicles
Three of CN's five largest automotive customers are "All In"
with 100% EV production expected by 2035. CN has new
opportunities as EV assembly plants are being announced
on or near our network. EV battery production is expected
to create long‑term opportunities for CN to transport critical
inputs like lithium, copper, nickel, cobalt and graphite.
For example, we are beginning to ship lithium for export out
of the Port of Quebec to international markets.

Global trade shifts
Supply chains have been diversifying their supplier base
by partnering across different geographies to enhance
their resilience in the face of major disruptions, economic
challenges or port congestion. CN expects to benefit from
these shifting global trade routes with continued growth
at the Port of Prince Rupert and the Port of Halifax, both
of which are exclusively served by CN, as well as the Gulf
                                                                 Moving and accessing natural resources
Coast ports of Mobile and New Orleans. For example, in
Western Canada, the Port of Prince Rupert can provide a          CN leverages its network footprint to move essential and
strategic advantage for rail customers, as it offers shorter     in‑demand resources. Canada is the largest producer
transit times to key markets, reduced port congestion, and       of potash, and we’re poised to continue transporting
state‑of‑the‑art export and import terminals.                    shipments from Western Canada through our tri‑coastal
                                                                 network. Grain is essential to the Canadian economy,
                                                                 as well as the U.S. Midwest. CN collaboration across the
                                                                 supply chain, along with network investments — notably in
                                                                 Western Canada — and our hopper car fleet renewal and
                                                                 locomotive modernization expansion, are helping us ensure
                                                                 we have the capacity to move grain safely and efficiently
                                                                 to help farmers and customers feed the world today and
2023 Best Partner Award          2023 Logistics Partners         into the future. In 2023, CN completed a project in Northern
                                 Award for the “Join Forces”     British Columbia to handle more frac sand and propane
                                 Leadership Principle            shipments, taking advantage of our network’s reach.



                                                                                                            cn 202 3 annual report   xvii
partnering for growth
CN is partnering across the supply chain to provide
the highest level of cost‑effective transportation and
logistics services so our customers can access new or
additional markets.

We offer compelling intermodal options to and from Mexico.
In partnership with Union Pacific (UP) and Ferromex (FXE),
CN in 2023 launched the Falcon Premium intermodal
                                                                   As part of CN’s intermodal and integrated services, CNTL
service — a best‑in‑class, Mexico–U.S.–Canada route                pairs the efficiency of rail with the added flexibility of trucking
                                                                   to serve local and non-rail-served customers.
with seamless interconnection in Chicago. The service              Montreal, QC
connects all CN origin points to FXE terminals in Monterrey
and Silao, Mexico. Falcon Premium is the fastest, most
reliable intermodal service between Canada and Mexico by
                                                                 CN‑served Canadian markets with NS‑served Kansas City
combining the unique advantages of each partner: FXE’s
                                                                 and Atlanta, the heart of the fast‑growing manufacturing
leading transit times between Silao and Eagle Pass, TX;
                                                                 and consumer base in the Southeastern U.S. With fast
UP’s superior route from Eagle Pass to Chicago; and CN’s
                                                                 and dependable transit times, the solution works through
time‑saving Chicago bypass loop. This service directly
                                                                 interchanges in Detroit and Chicago to convert long‑haul
benefits intermodal customers shipping automotive parts,
                                                                 truck traffic to/from Kansas City and Atlanta to rail.
food (especially temperature‑controlled products), and
freight of all kinds. Falcon Premium is also designed to         CN is also expanding Gulf Coast connections for
lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through reduced rail        customers. CN is offering a new intermodal service to
miles and truck‑to‑rail conversion. For added optionality,       the Port of Gulfport (MS), providing shippers with new
CN is developing a partnership with Crowley Container            ocean‑connectivity options to move goods between
Lines to provide a new intermodal vessel service called          the U.S. Gulf Coast, U.S. Midwest and Canada. The service
the Mexico Gulf Express, which offers competitive transit        is in partnership with the Mississippi State Port Authority at
times and avoids congested borders. The marine highway           Gulfport and Ports America.
service goes from the Port of Mobile (AL) to the recently
                                                                 CN’s three core terminals in Montreal, Toronto and Chicago
modernized Port of Tuxpan in Mexico — the closest port to
                                                                 touch about 70% of our intermodal business every day.
Mexico City. CN provides in‑land service between Canada,
                                                                 Our commitment to the realization of CN’s Milton Logistics
the U.S. Midwest and Port of Mobile.
                                                                 Hub is steadfast, and we remain focused on obtaining
For the growing Southern U.S. markets, CN strengthened           all necessary approvals. This Hub is expected to provide
its partnership with Norfolk Southern (NS) to launch an          additional and much‑needed intermodal capacity in the
all‑rail domestic intermodal service. The new service links      Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area.




                                            Strategic investments support our customers’ growth plans

                                            CN is making strategic investments based on where our customers need or
                                            plan to grow. In 2023, for example, CN announced an agreement to acquire
                                            Iowa Northern Railway, which operates 175 route miles in Iowa, connects
                                            to CN’s U.S. rail network, and serves Midwest agricultural and industrial
                                            markets, including grain and biofuels. The transaction, which is pending
                                            regulatory review with a decision expected in 2024, is aimed at supporting
                                            local business growth by creating a single‑line service to North American
                                            destinations. In addition, CN acquired from Genesee & Wyoming, Inc.,
                                            a stake in the Cape Breton and Central Nova Scotia Railway that includes
                                            150 route miles. The partnership reinforces CN’s presence in Eastern Canada
                                            and enables longer‑term growth opportunities.
  Centralia, IA




xviii   cn 202 3 annual report
elevating the customer experience
with advanced technologies
We are working towards elevating the customer experience with
advanced technology that increases safety, efficiency, seamless
service and data‑driven business decisions. In 2023, CN launched
My Carbon Emissions, a new self‑service, sustainability tool that
provides customers with a detailed report of their estimated GHG
emissions based on all their loaded shipments moved on CN, as
well as the emissions avoided by choosing rail over truck. This easily
accessible information can empower data‑driven decisions that
support customers’ climate objectives and environmentally friendly
transportation solutions. My Carbon Emissions is available on the
CN One eBusiness platform. CN also launched a new Shipment
Tracking tool in 2023, a consolidated tracking tool for customers on
CN One. Shipment Tracking provides an easy and reliable way for
customers to follow the movements of their intermodal and carload
shipments on CN’s network in real time. It has multiple features,
including intuitive map views and the ability to search, filter and share
critical shipment information anytime, anywhere.
                                                                                                 Gabriel Savoie, Director, Exports at Olymel (left);
Throughout 2023, CN also expanded the deployment of advanced                                     and Keegan Donaghey, Senior Manager,
                                                                                                 Temperature Controlled Cargo at CN
monitoring technologies to key terminals to ensure the transparency,
safety and reliability of sensitive commodities being shipped across
our network and to and from overseas markets. This includes remote
monitoring software that enables temperature‑controlled cargo such
as pharmaceuticals, and fruit and meat products to safely move
on time and on temperature.



                          Driver Roch Lamarche and team members from TransX — one of
                              CN’s extended trucking arms — allow us to deliver additional
                                      value to customers from the first mile to the last mile.   Olymel is the Canadian leader
                                                                              Montreal, QC       in the production, processing
                                                                                                 and distribution of pork and
                                                                                                 poultry meat, exporting its
                                                                                                 products to over 65 countries.
                                                                                                 Food safety is its number one
                                                                                                 priority, so the company relies
                                                                                                 on CN’s temperature‑control
                                                                                                 services and remote temperature
                                                                                                 monitoring technology.

                                                                                                 “CN is an important business partner
                                                                                                  for Olymel for the shipment of our
                                                                                                  chilled pork products. Our teams
                                                                                                  work very well together, and we rely
                                                                                                  on their great support in our growth
                                                                                                  towards our export markets.”
                                                                                                 Gabriel Savoie
                                                                                                 Director, Exports at Olymel




                                                                                                                cn 202 3 annual report                 xix
Selected 2023 sustainability
recognition and memberships




Listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability World
Index for 12 consecutive years and on the DJSI
North American Index for 15th straight year.




                                                   Elma, MB

Recognized by the 2024 S&P Global Yearbook
as one of the top sustainability performers in
the transportation industry.
                                                 delivering responsibly
                                                 CN is focused on building a sustainable future by Delivering Responsibly:
                                                 moving our customers’ goods safely, efficiently and in a manner
                                                 that seeks to minimize our impact on the environment; attracting,
                                                 developing and retaining top diverse talent; helping to make our
Earned a leadership score for our dedication     communities safer and stronger while fostering close relationships with
to corporate transparency and performance        stakeholders; and adhering to the highest governance standards.
on tackling climate change.
                                                 Delivering Responsibly, the encapsulation of our sustainability leadership,
                                                 underpins all our decisions, commitments, governance standards and
                                                 investments. For example, CN is making a positive contribution in the
                                                 urgent fight against climate change, and we are playing a key role in the
                                                 transition to a lower‑carbon economy. Rail has a tremendous potential
Named one of the Best 50 Corporate Citizens      to reduce the environmental impact of transportation services. Shipping
in Canada for the 15th consecutive year.         heavy freight by rail can reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by up
                                                 to 75% when compared to trucks. We are actively working with many
                                                 of our customers to help them reduce their transportation supply chain
                                                 GHG emissions by leveraging rail for the long haul and trucking over
                                                 shorter distances. To further reduce GHG emissions, we are actively
                                                 working with the industry on testing and exploring the greater use of
                                                 sustainable renewable fuel blends, beyond regulated amounts, in our
Pledged to set a net‑zero carbon emissions       locomotives. Along with Progress Rail and Chevron Renewable Energy
by 2050 target, which aligns with the            Group, we continue testing high‑level renewable fuel blends, including
Government of Canada’s Net‑Zero Challenge        both biodiesel and renewable diesel. In 2023, we also joined forces
to which CN is also a signatory.                 with another Class I railroad to share the costs and resources needed
                                                 to test a blend of renewable fuels on two classes of locomotives.
                                                 Through a modernization program with Wabtec, we announced an
                                                 order to upgrade 60 additional locomotives in our fleet to further
                                                 improve reliability, while reducing our rail carbon footprint. It will bring
                                                 our total modernized fleet to 110 locomotives through this program.
                                                 Learn more about CN’s commitment to Delivering Responsibly in our
                                                 latest report (www.cn.ca/2022deliveringresponsibly) and read our
In 2022, CN joined the United Nations Global     2023 CDP Climate Change Response report (www.cn.ca/2023CDP),
Compact initiative — a platform for the          which includes a Task Force on Climate‑related Financial
development, implementation and disclosure       Disclosures (TCFD) Index. Further information is also found here:
of responsible business practices.               www.cn.ca/en/delivering-responsibly/.



xx   cn 202 3 annual report
GROW OUR
PEOPLE
What truly makes CN special is our talented team of nearly 25,000 railroaders who
show up every day to get the job done — safely and efficiently. We continue to evolve
our workplace culture to be more modern, innovative, inclusive and reflective of the
communities where we operate and the future we want for our people, our Company
and our industry.




PICTURED:
CN field employees gather in Homewood, IL, for a daily job safety briefing
that reinforces our safety culture and mindset of looking out for each other.   cn 202 3 annual report   xxi
ensuring fair compensation
CN is committed to pay equity, ensuring equal pay
opportunities for work of equal value. We prioritize ensuring
that employees in roles of similar skills, efforts, responsibility
and working conditions receive equitable compensation.
We conduct regular analyses of our total compensation
to ensure what we offer is fair and competitive for all
employees. In 2023, a joint employer and employee
committee was created in Canada to work on a Pay Equity
                                                                                  continuous learning
plan to be published later in 2024. CN also received a
                                                                                  helps our people grow
certification in 2023 from the Illinois Department of Labor,
recognizing our compliance with the state’s Equal Pay Act.                        Our HR practices are adapting to attract, retain and
Pay equity and pay gap reporting are important ways to                            motivate talent, as well as help them keep pace with
monitor our compensation, aligning with our commitment                            business opportunities presented by emerging technologies.
to foster a more diverse and inclusive workplace, where                           As part of fostering a continuous learning culture, we are
everyone feels valued and duly recognized for their                               investing in comprehensive training programs for our
contributions and performance.                                                    employees to expand their skill sets and learn the latest
                                                                                  technologies. Training modules encompass a wide range
                                                                                  of topics focused on collaboration, communications and
updating total rewards programs                                                   inclusive leadership, as well as skills development around
to support evolving employee needs
                                                                                  artificial intelligence, machine learning, data literacy and
As part of CN’s aim to be the best place to work, we conduct                      cloud computing.
regular reviews of our total rewards offering, making
                                                                                  In the past year, we also launched a new online Learning
adjustments, as needed, to ensure we remain competitive
                                                                                  and Development Hub, where management employees can
and to align with evolving marketplace best practices.
                                                                                  access self‑directed courses, videos, podcasts and other
In 2023, CN completed a review of its total rewards
                                                                                  resources tailored to their career development plans and
offering — including retirement savings, compensation and
                                                                                  goals. The training hub also includes virtual courses for a
group benefits offerings — and implemented changes to
                                                                                  wide range of topics related to leadership and technical
enhance employees’ experience, provide greater flexibility,
                                                                                  skills, as well as learning a second language, which helps
and help CN attract and retain talent.
                                                                                  us create a more inclusive workplace and can contribute
                                                                                  to business growth. By completing training at a time and
                                                                                  place that suits their schedules, managers are mastering
                                                                                  core competencies or learning specific skills to help them
                                                                                  advance and effectively lead their teams. The training
                                                                                  platform is designed to build a stronger bench strength of
                                                                                  talent to handle future business needs.

                                                                                  Non‑management employees also participate in ongoing
                                                                                  training to advance their safety and on‑the‑job skills, with
                                                                                  new training tools that reflect the learning preferences of
                                                                                  today’s generation. This past year, field employees from
                                                                                  across all Operations functions created an on‑demand
                                                                                  repository of “how‑to” training videos that let current and
                                                                                  new railroaders learn or quickly refresh themselves on
                                                                                  safe operating procedures. The brief, YouTube‑style videos
                                                                                  reinforce CN’s safety culture as well as how employees
                                                                                  like to get information. Developed “by railroaders for
                                                                                  railroaders,” the training series features more than
                                                                                  80 bilingual videos sorted by function and task, with more
                                                                                  being added.
                      Avanthi Mullegama, Recruiter, Human Resources Talent
                 Acquisition (left), and Sarah Bastami, Operations Coordinator,
                       Human Resources, at CN headquarters in Montreal, QC.




xxii   cn 202 3 annual report
training campuses instill
cn’s safety culture
and best practices
To reinforce a strong safety culture,
CN leverages its two state‑of‑the‑art
training campuses in Winnipeg, MB,
and Homewood, IL. At these campuses,
in 2023, CN delivered hands‑on and
classroom training for all key railway jobs
to approximately 7,200 new hires and           CN employees and community participants in the two‑day emergency response
experienced railroaders. They received         exercise on the Skeena River pull spill containment equipment onto the boat.

training in modern indoor labs with
equipment such as locomotive and walking
simulators, as well as an industry‑first
indoor “slack” simulator for students to       CN partners with communities on safety
experience and apply the critical safety       planning and preparedness
rules of always maintaining three points
of contact — such as both feet and a firm      Throughout the year, CN collaborates with communities and
hand grip — when on moving equipment           first responders along its network to safely and proactively
or ascending/descending from heights.          prepare for any emergencies. In August 2023, CN coordinated
Outdoor labs are equipped with dedicated       its largest‑ever emergency response spill exercise. More than
rolling stock, track and wayside equipment.    75 participants from local First Nations, Transport Canada, the
CN also bolstered its robust employee and      British Columbia government, local municipalities, multiple
first responder training at both campuses      CN departments and emergency response partners converged
with the addition of a mock derailment         in Prince Rupert for the two‑day exercise. The goal: Discuss the
                                               response to a mock derailment in which petroleum is released
site. The simulation site enhances existing
                                               into the Skeena River and determine the methods to contain
emergency response training designed to
                                               and recover the oil. The Skeena River — the second‑longest in
keep communities and our network safer.        British Columbia — sustains a wide variety of fish, wildlife, and
                                               vegetation, and communities native to the area depend on the
                                               health of the river.

                                               “By collaborating and sharing information on BC’s spill
                                                contingency plan, and gaining critical local knowledge from our
                                                partners, we are now in a much stronger position to respond
                                                collectively to incidents in the future.
                                               The work put into this event forged new positive Indigenous
                                               relationships with six Tsimshian nations and strengthened
                                               partnerships between all response agencies, contractors, and the
                                               First Nation communities.”
                                               Mike Linder
                                               CN Regional Manager, Environment, who organized the event

For the 14th consecutive year, CN earned the   Read more: www.cn.ca/skeenariver
TRANSCAER National Achievement Award
for training nearly 6,000 responders a year.



                                                                                                cn 202 3 annual report        xxiii
                                           employee resource groups
                                           foster an inclusive culture
                                           CN’s Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) continue to bring employees
                                           with similar backgrounds and interests together to share ideas and
                                           support one another. CN currently has eight ERGs:

                                           • ADAPT (Allies of Diverse ABILITY Partnering Together)
                                           • Indigenous ERG
                                           • Latinos CN
                                           • PACE (Pan-Asian Community Engagement)
                                           • PRIDE (2SLGBTQIA+)
                                           • RISE (Black/African American)
                                           • Veterans at CN
   Project Together connects               • WE (Women Employees)
   employees through music
                                           In the past year, the ERGs hosted events to help create a more
   Inspired by a goal to build CN’s        forward‑thinking, inclusive culture at CN. For example, CN’s Pan‑Asian
   culture and bring teams together,       ERG organized a Diwali event to educate about its significance and
   a small group of employees              share in the celebration. To commemorate National Indigenous History
   imagined something new                  Month and National Indigenous Peoples Day, CN’s Indigenous ERG
   and different. The result was           hosted a live and virtual event featuring traditional expressions of
   Project Together: A musical gift        song, dance and storytelling with a focus on local First Nation and
   to remind all CN employees that         Inuit culture.
   they’re stronger together and all
   connected as railroaders. The project   Other ERGs engaged fellow employees and hosted activities during
   came about in 2023 when nearly          other celebrations, including Black History Month, International
   70 employees responded to a             Women’s Day, Asian Heritage Month, Military Appreciation Month,
   call for musically‑inclined CN          Pride Month, Latin American/Hispanic Heritage Month, and the
   railroaders to submit audition          International Day of Persons with Disabilities. Having diverse
   videos. A group of music producers      perspectives on the team enables CN to better understand the needs
   selected and invited 14 of those
                                           of our various stakeholders and elevates everyone’s decision-making
   employees to a professional
                                           thanks to a wider range of experiences and sensibilities.
   studio in Nashville, TN, where
   they recorded the song “Together.”
   Written and performed by CN
   employees, the song honours the
   lasting ties between railroaders and
   our communities, and it celebrates
   the connection created through
   music. Watch and listen to the song:
   www.cn.ca/together. It can also be
   found on Spotify, iTunes and most
   music streaming platforms.

   “All of our participation (in Project
    Together) will help bridge a gap,
    because if you can imagine a
    company the size of CN, there are
    so many different personalities, and
    music is that one language that
    everyone understands…The fact is
    that we’re all on the same team and
    we’re building a cohesive team.”
                                           CN encourages employees to donate and matches donations made
   Timothy Evans
   Rail Traffic Controller, Homewood, IL
                                           through the CN Employees’ and Pensioners’ Community Fund. For the
                                           fund’s 2024 campaign, employees and pensioners came together to raise
                                           $2.14 million to benefit local communities and those in need.



xxiv   cn 202 3 annual report
BOARD OF
DIRECTORS
As at March 4, 2024



Shauneen Bruder                             Denise Gray                              Michel Letellier
Corporate Director and Chair of the Board   Corporate Director and                   President and Chief Executive Officer
Canadian National Railway Company           Retired Director, External               Innergex Renewable Energy, Inc.
Retired Executive                           Affairs & Government                     committees: 1, 2
Vice‑President, Operations                  Relations, North America
Royal Bank of Canada                        LG Energy Solution Michigan Inc., U.S.   Margaret A. McKenzie
committees: 1, 2, 3, 4                      committees: 1, 2*                        Corporate Director and
                                                                                     Former Chief Financial Officer
Tracy Robinson                              Justin M. Howell                         Range Royalty Management Ltd
President and Chief Executive Officer       Senior Investment Manager                committees: 1*, 2, 4
Canadian National Railway Company           Cascade Asset Management Co.
                                            committees: 2, 3, 4*
                                                                                     Al Monaco
Jo‑ann dePass Olsovsky                                                               Corporate Director and Retired
Corporate Director and Retired              Susan C. Jones                           President and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Vice President and                Corporate Director and                   Enbridge Inc.
Chief Information Officer                   Former Chief Executive Officer           committees: 2, 3
Salesforce.com                              Potash Business Unit, Nutrien Ltd.
committees: 1, 3*                           committees: 3, 4                           com mit te e s:
                                                                                       1 Audit, Finance and Risk
David Freeman                               Robert Knight                              2 Governance, Sustainability and Safety
Corporate Director and Retired              Corporate Director and                     3 Human Resources and Compensation
Executive Vice‑President, Operations        Retired Chief Financial Officer            4 Pension and Investment
BNSF                                        Union Pacific                              * Denotes chair of the committee
committees: 2, 4                            committees: 1, 3


notable recognition for our people




2023 new ceo of the year                    2024 railroader of the year              top 100 most powerful women –
Tracy Robinson, President and CEO           Tracy Robinson, President and CEO        skills trade category
                                                                                     Cheyenne Lakatos, Locomotive
                                            women in rail                            Engineer
                                            La Shelle Pearson, Signals and
                                            Communications Project Officer




women in engineering                        rising stars                             women in rail
Andrea Berry, Senior Manager,               Geetika Mahajan, Senior Manager,         Nicole James, Vice‑President,
Advanced Technology Development             Product and Strategy                     Transportation, Western Region
engineer of the year                        Manny Salazar, Senior Director,
Brent Laing, Vice-President,                Mechanical Reliability and Support
Engineering                                 Kriss Beudjekian, Senior Manager,
                                            Network Operations



                                                                                             cn 202 3 annual report         xxv
governance
CN is committed to the highest standards of corporate
governance, with an emphasis on shareholder engagement
and transparency. How we deliver success is just as
important as what we achieve. Therefore, we work diligently
to bring integrity and excellence into everything we do. As
a Canadian reporting issuer with securities listed on the
Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE), CN ensures its corporate governance
                                                               CN is proud of the leadership demonstrated by its Board
practices comply with the highest standards and rules
                                                               of Directors with respect to diversity. In January 2024
adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators,
                                                               CN established that moving forward it aspires to maintain
applicable provisions of the U.S. Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002
                                                               a Board composition in which independent Board members
and related rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
                                                               are comprised of at least 40% of each gender (male and
Commission. CN is exempted from complying with many
                                                               female) and at least two members come from the broader
of the NYSE corporate governance rules, provided it
                                                               underrepresented groups, beyond gender. Currently, five out
complies with Canadian governance requirements. Except
                                                               of 10, or 50% of independent Board members are women
as summarized on our website at www.cn.ca/governance,
                                                               and two, or 20% of independent Board members are from
CN’s governance practices comply with the NYSE corporate
                                                               underrepresented groups.
governance rules in all significant respects.
                                                               CN has enhanced its stakeholder and rightsholder
Consistent with the belief that ethical conduct goes
                                                               engagement approach, with an aim to further build trust,
beyond compliance and resides in a comprehensive
                                                               credibility, respect and reciprocity, while protecting our social
governance culture, CN publishes and enforces its
                                                               license to operate. This includes our ongoing dialogue and
Corporate Governance Manual, Code of Business Conduct,
                                                               engagement with Indigenous communities across our network.
Anti‑Corruption Policy, Supplier Code of Conduct and
                                                               In 2023, as part of our Reconciliation journey, CN published a
Human Rights Policy. We also maintain several methods
                                                               formal acknowledgement of the historical role railways played
for employees and third parties to anonymously report
                                                               as instruments of colonial policies. CN also has a team of
accounting, auditing and other concerns.
                                                               nine managers, with Indigenous and regional representation,
                                                               who is working with CN leadership on creating a Reconciliation
                                                               Action Plan (RAP) set to be released in 2024. CN is committed to
                                                               continuing this journey, building awareness and understanding
                                                               of Indigenous culture at CN, increasing economic opportunities
                                                               and partnerships to grow CN’s Indigenous supplier base, and
                                                               establishing and strengthening our relationships to enhance
                                                               our ability to attract Indigenous talent.

                                                               Our approach to sustainability is aligned with international
                                                               standards, including the United Nations Global Compact,
                                                               the Global Reporting Initiative, the Sustainability Accounting
                                                               Standards Board, the World Bank Mobility Goals, and the
                                                               Task Force on Climate‑related Financial Disclosures. These
                                                               expectations are integrated into our five sustainability pillars:
                                                               Environment, Safety, People, Communities, and Governance.

                                                               For more information on CN’s sustainability disclosures, visit:
                                                               www.cn.ca/en/delivering-responsibly/




                                                               Earned 1st place out of 219 companies listed on the S&P/TSX
                                                Montreal, QC   Composite Index in 2023 for corporate governance with a
                                                               score of 98% by the Globe and Mail.



xxvi   cn 202 3 annual report
SELECT EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS
As at March 4, 2024




Tracy Robinson                    Ghislain Houle                       Remi G. Lalonde
President and                     Executive Vice‑President             Executive Vice‑President and
Chief Executive Officer           and Chief Financial Officer          Special Advisor to the CEO




Doug MacDonald                    Dominique Malenfant                  Derek Taylor
Executive Vice‑President          Executive Vice‑President and Chief   Executive Vice‑President and
and Chief Marketing Officer       Information and Technology Officer   Chief Field Operations Officer




Patrick Whitehead                 Olivier Chouc                        Janet Drysdale
Executive Vice‑President and      Senior Vice‑President                Senior Vice‑President and
Chief Network Operating Officer   and Chief Legal Officer              Chief Stakeholder Relations Officer




Josée Girard                      Patrick Lortie
Senior Vice‑President and         Senior Vice‑President
Chief Human Resources Officer     and Chief Strategy Officer



                                                                             cn 202 3 annual report      xxvii
SHAREHOLDER AND
INVESTOR INFORMATION
Annual meeting                                                   Shareholder services
The annual meeting of shareholders will be held online via       Shareholders having inquiries concerning their shares,
webcast at 10:00 a.m. (EDT) on April 26, 2024.                   wishing to obtain information about CN, or to receive
                                                                 dividends by direct deposit or in U.S. dollars may obtain
Please refer to www.cn.ca for meeting details.
                                                                 detailed information by communicating with:

Annual information form                                          Computershare Trust Company of Canada
                                                                 Shareholder Services
The annual information form may be obtained by writing to:
                                                                 100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
The Corporate Secretary                                          Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 2Y1
Canadian National Railway Company
                                                                 Telephone: 1‑800‑564‑6253
935 de La Gauchetière Street West
                                                                 www.investorcentre.com
Montreal, QC, Canada H3B 2M9

It is also available on CN’s website (www.cn.ca).                Stock exchanges
                                                                 CN common shares are listed on the Toronto and New York
Transfer agent and registrar
                                                                 stock exchanges.
Computershare Trust Company of Canada
                                                                 Ticker symbols:
Offices in Canada:                                               CNR Toronto Stock Exchange
Montreal, Quebec                                                 CNI New York Stock Exchange
Toronto, Ontario
Calgary, Alberta                                                 Investor relations
Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                 Stacy Alderson
Telephone: 1‑800‑564‑6253                                        Assistant Vice President, Investor Relations
www.investorcentre.com                                           Telephone: 514‑399‑5005

Co‑transfer agent and co‑registrar                               Head office
Computershare Trust Company N.A.                                 Canadian National Railway Company
Att: Stock Transfer Department                                   935 de La Gauchetière Street West
                                                                 Montreal, QC, Canada H3B 2M9
Overnight Mail Delivery: 462 South 4th Street, Louisville, KY,
United States 40202                                              P.O. Box 8100
                                                                 Montreal, QC, Canada H3C 3N4
Regular Mail Delivery: P.O. Box 505000, Louisville, KY,
United States 40233 5000

Telephone: 1‑800‑962‑4284




xxviii   cn 202 3 annual report
SELECTED RAILROAD STATISTICS - UNAUDITED

                                                                                                                             2023                 2022                 2021
Financial measures
Key financial performance indicators (1)
Total revenues ($ millions)                                                                                                16,828               17,107                14,477
Freight revenues ($ millions)                                                                                              16,236               16,569                13,888
Operating income ($ millions)                                                                                               6,597                6,840                 5,616
Adjusted operating income ($ millions) (2)(3)                                                                               6,597                6,862                 5,622
Net income ($ millions)                                                                                                     5,625                5,118                 4,899
Adjusted net income ($ millions) (2)(3)                                                                                     4,800                5,134                 4,225
Diluted earnings per share ($)                                                                                               8.53                 7.44                  6.90
Adjusted diluted earnings per share ($) (2)(3)                                                                               7.28                 7.46                  5.95
Free cash flow ($ millions) (2)(4)                                                                                          3,887                4,259                 3,296
Gross property additions ($ millions)                                                                                       3,217                2,757                 2,897
Share repurchases ($ millions)                                                                                              4,551                4,709                 1,582
Dividends per share ($)                                                                                                      3.16                 2.93                  2.46
Financial ratios
Operating ratio (%) (5)                                                                                                       60.8                 60.0                 61.2
Adjusted operating ratio (%) (2)(3)                                                                                           60.8                 59.9                 61.2
Adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA (times) (2)(4)                                                                               2.25                 1.86                 1.82
Return on invested capital (ROIC) (%) (2)(6)                                                                                  16.8                 15.8                 16.4
Adjusted ROIC (%) (2)(6)                                                                                                      14.5                 15.9                 14.1
Operational measures (7)
Statistical operating data
Gross ton miles (GTMs) (millions)                                                                                         452,043              463,710              458,401
Revenue ton miles (RTMs) (millions)                                                                                       232,614              235,788              233,138
Carloads (thousands)                                                                                                        5,436                5,697                5,701
Route miles (includes Canada and the U.S., end of year)                                                                    18,800               18,600               19,500
Employees (end of year)                                                                                                    24,987               23,971               22,604
Employees (average for the year)                                                                                           24,920               23,396               24,084
Key operating measures
Freight revenue per RTM (cents)                                                                                              6.98                 7.03                  5.96
Freight revenue per carload ($)                                                                                             2,987                2,908                 2,436
GTMs per average number of employees (thousands)                                                                           18,140               19,820                19,033
Operating expenses per GTM (cents)                                                                                           2.26                 2.21                  1.93
Labor and fringe benefits expense per GTM (cents)                                                                            0.70                 0.63                  0.63
Diesel fuel consumed (US gallons in millions)                                                                               395.2                402.2                 405.2
Average fuel price ($/US gallon)                                                                                             4.62                 5.42                  3.28
Fuel efficiency (US gallons of locomotive fuel consumed per 1,000 GTMs)                                                     0.874                0.867                 0.884
Train weight (tons)                                                                                                         9,186                9,324                 9,658
Train length (feet)                                                                                                         7,891                8,160                 8,559
Car velocity (car miles per day)                                                                                              213                  196                   195
Through dwell (entire railroad, hours)                                                                                        7.0                   7.6                   7.9
Through network train speed (miles per hour)                                                                                 19.8                 18.9                  19.2
Locomotive utilization (trailing GTMs per total horsepower)                                                                   191                  197                   198
Safety indicators (8)
Injury frequency rate (per 200,000 person hours)                                                                              0.96                 1.10                 1.36
Accident rate (per million train miles)                                                                                       1.74                 2.10                 1.84

(1)   Amounts expressed in Canadian dollars and prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), unless otherwise noted.
(2)   These non-GAAP measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
      companies.
(3)   See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – Adjusted performance measures for an explanation of these non-GAAP measures.
(4)   See the section of this MD&A entitled Liquidity and capital resources – Free cash flow and Adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple for an explanation of these non-
      GAAP measures.
(5)   Operating ratio is defined as operating expenses as a percentage of revenues.
(6)   See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – ROIC and adjusted ROIC for an explanation of these non-GAAP measures.
(7)   Statistical operating data, key operating measures and safety indicators are unaudited and based on estimated data available at such time and are subject to change as
      more complete information becomes available. Definitions of gross ton miles, fuel efficiency, train weight, train length, car velocity, through dwell and through network
      train speed are included within the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis. Definitions of all other indicators are provided on CN's website, www.cn.ca/
      glossary.
(8)   Based on Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) reporting criteria.




                                                                                                                                              CN | 2023 Annual Report        1
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Contents
    Forward-looking statements              3
    Introduction                            4
    2023 Highlights                         5
    2024 Business outlook and assumptions   7
    Strategy overview                       8
    Human capital management                10
    Financial highlights                    14
    2023 Results of operations              14
    Non-GAAP measures                       15
    Revenues                                20
    Operating expenses                      26
    Other income and expenses               28
    2022 Results of operations              29
    Summary of quarterly financial data     36
    2023 Fourth quarter operating results   36
    Financial position                      37
    Liquidity and capital resources         38
    Off balance sheet arrangements          48
    Outstanding share data                  48
    Financial instruments                   48
    Recent accounting pronouncements        51
    Critical accounting estimates           52
    Business risks                          59
    Controls and procedures                 67




2   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Forward-looking statements

Certain statements included in this MD&A are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 and under Canadian securities laws, including statements based on management’s assessment and assumptions and
publicly available information with respect to CN. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. CN
cautions that its assumptions may not materialize and that current economic conditions render such assumptions, although reasonable at the
time they were made, subject to greater uncertainty. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology such as "believes",
"expects", "anticipates", "assumes", "outlook", "plans", "targets" or other similar words.


Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those set forth in the table below, which also presents key assumptions used in
determining the forward-looking statements. See also the section of this MD&A entitled 2024 Business outlook and assumptions.

Forward-looking statements                                  Key assumptions
Statements relating to revenue growth opportunities,        •    North American and global economic growth in the long term
including those referring to general economic and           •    Long-term growth opportunities being less affected by current economic conditions
business conditions                                         •    No material disruption of CN’s operations or of the economy’s supply chains as a
                                                                 result of pandemics or geopolitical conflicts and tensions

Statements relating to the Company's ability to meet debt   •    Adequate credit ratios
repayments and future obligations in the foreseeable        •    Investment-grade credit ratings
future, including income tax payments, and capital          •    Access to capital markets
spending                                                    •    Adequate cash generated from operations and other sources of financing
Statements relating to pension contributions                •    Adequate cash generated from operations and other sources of financing
                                                            •    Adequate long-term return on investment on pension plan assets
                                                            •    Level of funding as determined by actuarial valuations, particularly influenced by
                                                                 discount rates for funding purposes


Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause
actual results, performance or achievements of CN to be materially different from the outlook or any future results, performance or
achievements implied by such statements. Accordingly, readers are advised not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Important risk factors that could affect the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, general economic and business
conditions, including factors impacting global supply chains such as pandemics and geopolitical conflicts and tensions; industry competition;
inflation, currency and interest rate fluctuations; changes in fuel prices; legislative and/or regulatory developments; compliance with
environmental laws and regulations; actions by regulators; increases in maintenance and operating costs; security threats; reliance on
technology and related cybersecurity risk; trade restrictions or other changes to international trade arrangements; transportation of hazardous
materials; various events which could disrupt operations, including illegal blockades of rail networks, and natural events such as severe
weather, droughts, fires, floods and earthquakes; climate change; labor negotiations and disruptions; environmental claims; uncertainties of
investigations, proceedings and other types of claims and litigation; risks and liabilities arising from derailments; timing and completion of
capital programs; the availability of and cost competitiveness of renewable fuels and the development of new locomotive propulsion
technology; reputational risks; supplier concentration; pension funding requirements and volatility; and other risks detailed from time to time in
reports filed by CN with securities regulators in Canada and the U.S., including its Annual Information Form and Form 40-F. See the section
entitled Business risks of this MD&A for a description of major risk factors relating to CN.


Forward-looking statements reflect information as of the date on which they are made. CN assumes no obligation to update or revise forward-
looking statements to reflect future events, changes in circumstances, or changes in beliefs, unless required by applicable securities laws. In
the event CN does update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be made that CN will make additional updates with respect to
that statement, related matters, or any other forward-looking statement. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not
incorporated by reference into this MD&A.




                                                                                                                            CN | 2023 Annual Report   3
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Introduction

This Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) dated January 31, 2024, relates to the consolidated financial position and results of
operations of Canadian National Railway Company, together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, collectively "CN" or the "Company," and should
be read in conjunction with the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. All financial information
reflected herein is expressed in Canadian dollars and prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), unless otherwise noted.


CN's common shares are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges. Additional information about CN filed with Canadian securities
regulatory authorities and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the Company's 2023 Annual Information
Form and Form 40-F, may be found online on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov through EDGAR, and on the
Company's website at www.cn.ca in the Investors section. Printed copies of such documents may be obtained by contacting CN's Corporate
Secretary's Office.


Business profile


CN is engaged in the rail and related transportation business. CN's network of 18,800 route miles of track spans Canada and the United States
of America (U.S.), connecting Canada's Eastern and Western coasts with the U.S. South. CN's extensive network and efficient connections to all
Class I railroads provide CN customers access to Canada, the U.S. and Mexico. Essential to the economy, to the customers, and to the
communities it serves, CN safely transports more than 300 million tons of cargo annually, serving exporters, importers, retailers, farmers and
manufacturers. CN and its affiliates have been contributing to community prosperity and sustainable trade since 1919. CN is committed to
programs supporting social responsibility and environmental stewardship.


CN's freight revenues are derived from seven commodity groups representing a diversified and balanced portfolio of goods transported
between a wide range of origins and destinations. This product and geographic diversity better position the Company to face economic
fluctuations and enhances its potential for growth opportunities. For the year ended December 31, 2023, CN's largest commodity group,
Intermodal, accounted for 23% of total revenues. From a geographic standpoint, 34% of revenues relate to overseas traffic, 32% to transborder
traffic, 18% to Canadian domestic traffic and 16% to U.S. domestic traffic. The Company is the originating carrier for over 85%, and the
originating and terminating carrier for over 65%, of traffic moving along its network, which allows it both to capitalize on service advantages and
build on opportunities to efficiently use assets.


                        Business Unit Revenue Mix                                                Traffic by Geography

                            % of 2023 Revenues                                                   % of 2023 Revenues

                            Other revenues 3%
               Automotive 6%                        Petroleum and               U.S. domestic 16%
                                                    chemicals 19%

                                                                                                                              Overseas 34%
    Intermodal 23%
                                                           Metals and
                                                           minerals 12%     Canadian
                                                                            domestic 18%



                                                      Forest products 12%
                Grain and
                fertilizers 19%
                                            Coal 6%
                                                                                                    Transborder 32%




4   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Corporate organization


The Company manages its rail operations in Canada and the U.S. as one business segment. Financial information reported at this level, such as
revenues, operating income and cash flow from operations, is used by the Company's corporate management in evaluating financial and
operational performance and allocating resources across CN's network. The Company's strategic initiatives are developed and managed
centrally by corporate management and are communicated to its regional activity centers (the Western Region, Eastern Region and U.S.
Region), whose role is to manage the day-to-day service requirements of their respective territories, control direct costs incurred locally, and
execute the strategy and operating plan established by corporate management.


See Note 24 – Segmented information to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
Company's corporate organization, as well as selected financial information by geographic area.



2023 Highlights

Financial results - 2023 compared to 2022
•     Revenues of $16,828 million, a decrease of $279 million, or 2%.
•     Operating income of $6,597 million, a decrease of $243 million, or 4%.
•     Operating ratio, defined as operating expenses as a percentage of revenues, of 60.8%, an increase of 0.8 points, or an increase of 0.9
      points on an adjusted basis. (1)(2)
•     Net income of $5,625 million, an increase of $507 million, or 10% and adjusted net income of $4,800 million, a decrease of $334 million, or
      7%. (1)(2)
•     Diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $8.53, an increase of 15% and adjusted diluted EPS of $7.28, a decrease of 2%. (1)(2)
•     The Company generated free cash flow of $3,887 million, a 9% decrease. (1)(3)
•     ROIC of 16.8%, an increase of 1.0-point and adjusted ROIC of 14.5%, a decrease of 1.4 points. (1)(4)


Operating performance - 2023 compared to 2022
•     Injury frequency rate at a record low of 0.96 (per 200,000 person hours), an improvement of 13%.
•     Accident rate of 1.74 (per million train miles), an improvement of 17%.
•     Through dwell of 7.0 (entire railroad, hours), an improvement of 8%.
•     Car velocity of 213 (car miles per day), an improvement of 9%.
•     Through network train speed of 19.8 (mph), an improvement of 5%.
•     Fuel efficiency of 0.874 (US gallons of locomotive fuel consumed per 1,000 gross ton miles (GTMs)), less efficient by 1%.
•     Train length of 7,891 (feet), a decrease of 3%.
•     Revenue ton miles (RTMs) of 232,614 (millions), a decrease of 1%.

(1)   These non-GAAP measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
      companies.
(2)   See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – Adjusted performance measures for an explanation of these non-GAAP measures.
(3)   See the section of this MD&A entitled Liquidity and capital resources – Free cash flow for an explanation of this non-GAAP measure.
(4)   See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – ROIC and adjusted ROIC for an explanation of these non-GAAP measures.


2023 Financial outlook


During the year, the Company issued and updated its 2023 financial outlook. The 2023 actual results were in line with the Company's last 2023
outlook that was updated on July 25, 2023.


Recent developments


Business acquisitions and combinations
Iowa Northern Railway Company
On December 6, 2023, the Company acquired the shares of the Iowa Northern Railway Company (IANR), a Class III short-line railroad that owns
and leases approximately 175 route miles in northeast Iowa that are connected to CN’s U.S. rail network. CN paid US$230 million ($312 million),
including transaction costs to date. IANR serves upper Midwest agricultural and industrial markets covering many goods, including biofuels and


                                                                                                                                            CN | 2023 Annual Report   5
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

grain. This transaction represents a meaningful opportunity to support the growth of local business by creating single-line service to North
American destinations, while preserving access to existing carrier options.

The shares of IANR were deposited into an independent voting trust while the U.S Surface Transportation Board (STB) considers the Company's
application to acquire control of IANR. During the trust period, IANR will continue to be operated under its current management and the
Company cannot exercise day-to-day control. As a result, the Company recorded its investment in IANR at its acquisition cost under the equity
method of accounting. Subject to final approval by the STB, the Company would obtain control of IANR and would account for the acquisition
as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting.


On the acquisition date of December 6, 2023, immediately prior to the acquisition, there was a basis difference of $236 million between the
consideration paid to acquire IANR and the underlying carrying value of the net assets of IANR. The basis difference related to depreciable
properties and if any, intangible assets with definite lives will be amortized over the related assets' remaining useful lives. The remainder of the
basis difference, relating to land, intangible assets with indefinite lives if any, and equity method goodwill, would not be amortized and would be
carried at cost subject to an assessment for impairment. The estimated fair value of IANR’s underlying net assets is preliminary based on
information available to the Company to date and subject to change over the measurement period, which may be up to twelve months from the
acquisition date.


Cape Breton & Central Nova Scotia Railway
On November 1, 2023, the Company acquired from Genesee & Wyoming Inc. a stake in the Cape Breton & Central Nova Scotia Railway (CBNS), a
Class III short-line railroad that owns approximately 150 route miles. CN paid $78 million in cash, net of cash acquired and including working
capital adjustments. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. As a result, the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet
includes the net assets of CBNS as of November 1, 2023, which were comprised of $101 million in fair value of properties mostly track and
roadway assets, partly offset by $18 million in deferred tax liabilities. The remaining net assets were comprised of current assets and liabilities
which were individually insignificant and there were no identifiable intangible assets. No goodwill was recognized. The fair value of CBNS's
underlying net assets has been estimated on a preliminary basis and may be subject to change as additional information becomes available
over the next twelve months.


Canadian regulatory update
On June 22, 2023, Bill C-47 an Act to implement certain provisions of the budget tabled in Parliament on March 28, 2023, received Royal Assent
and the proposed amendments to the Canada Transportation Act were adopted. These amendments provide for the extension of the
interswitching limits located in the Prairie provinces from 30 kilometers to 160 kilometers. This extension will be in force for a trial period of 18
months. On November 24, 2023 the Canadian Transportation Agency (CTA) established interswitching rates for 2024. On December 22, 2023,
the Company sought leave to appeal this decision on rates. No assurance can be given that these and any other current or future regulatory or
legislative initiatives by the Canadian federal government and agencies will not materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations
or its competitive and financial position.


U.S. regulatory update
On September 7, 2023, the STB proposed new regulations for reciprocal switching for inadequate service. Under the STB’s proposal, the new
rule allows customers to obtain reciprocal switching access to an alternate carrier in a terminal area if the incumbent railroad’s service falls
below one of three objective metrics (original estimated time of arrival, transit time, and first-mile/last-mile service) and if certain other
conditions are met. The STB has proposed that if a reciprocal switch were granted for a facility in the United States, that switch would be
available for a period between two to four years and could be renewed. In addition, the STB also closed consideration of a 2016 proposal to
amend its existing regulations for reciprocal switching to increase competition, which was the subject of a public hearing in 2022. Comments
were submitted in November and December 2023, and the STB members conducted meetings with stakeholders. No assurance can be given
that these and any other current or future regulatory or legislative initiatives by the U.S. federal government and agencies will not materially
adversely affect the Company's results of operations or its competitive and financial position.


Labor workforce and negotiations - Canada
On May 1, 2023, the collective agreement with Unifor was ratified by its members, renewing the collective agreement for a two-year term,
retroactive to January 1, 2023, which will expire on December 31, 2024. Unifor represents approximately 3,400 employees in Canada working in
various departments such as Mechanical, Intermodal, Facility Management, and in clerical positions.




6   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

On May 26, 2023, the collective agreement with Teamsters Canada Rail Conference (TCRC) was ratified by its members, renewing the collective
agreement for a one-year term, retroactive to January 1, 2023, which expired on December 31, 2023. TCRC represents approximately 6,000
employees in Canada working as Locomotive Engineers, Yard Coordinators and Yard Conductors on our mainline, short lines and yards.
Bargaining commenced on November 27, 2023.


On September 6, 2023, the United Steel Workers Union (USW) served notice to commence bargaining for the renewal of the collective
agreement with the Company, governing approximately 2,500 bridge and structures and work equipment employees in Canada, which expired
on December 31, 2023. Bargaining commenced on October 23, 2023.


On January 17, 2024, CN reached a tentative agreement with owner-operators affiliated with Unifor. The four-year agreement covers
approximately 750 owner-operator truck drivers in Canada under contract with Canadian National Transportation Limited, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company, until December 31, 2027. Ratification by the membership is expected in the first quarter of 2024.


The Company’s collective agreements remain in effect until the bargaining process outlined under the Canada Labor Code has been exhausted.


Leadership changes
On January 8, 2024, CN announced that Remi G. Lalonde was appointed as CN’s Executive Vice-President and Special Advisor to the CEO, in
anticipation of his transition to the role of Executive Vice-President and Chief Commercial Officer (CCO). Mr. Lalonde will succeed Doug
MacDonald, Executive Vice-President and Chief Marketing Officer, who will remain in his current role until Mr. Lalonde’s transition is completed
later this year.

On October 18, 2023, CN announced that Patrick Whitehead was appointed as CN’s Executive Vice-President and Chief Network Operating
Officer and Derek Taylor was appointed as CN’s Executive Vice-President and Chief Field Operating Officer effective November 15, 2023.
Mr. Whitehead and Mr. Taylor succeed Edmond (Ed) Harris who has taken on a consultant role until March 31, 2024 to ensure a seamless
transition.

Future value creation
On January 23, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors approved a new Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) that allows for the repurchase of up
to 32.0 million common shares between February 1, 2024 and January 31, 2025. In addition, on that same day, the Company's Board of
Directors approved an increase of 7% to the quarterly dividend to common shareholders, from $0.7900 per share in 2023 to $0.8450 per share
in 2024, effective for the first quarter.



2024 Business outlook and assumptions

The Company assumes slightly positive North American industrial production in 2024. For the 2023/2024 crop year, the grain crop in Canada
was below its three-year average (also below when excluding the significantly lower 2021/2022 crop year) and the U.S. grain crop was above its
three-year average. The Company assumes that the 2024/2025 grain crop in Canada will be in line with its three-year average (excluding the
significantly lower 2021/2022 crop year) and the U.S. grain crop will also be in line with its three-year average.


In 2024, the Company expects to invest approximately $3.5 billion in its capital program, net of amounts reimbursed by customers, to improve
the safety, efficiency and integrity of its network. These investments are intended to also enable and support the growth of the Company and
will be financed with cash generated from operations or with cash from financing activities.


The forward-looking statements discussed in this section are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance
to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements and are based on certain factors and assumptions which the Company
considers reasonable about events, developments, prospects and opportunities that may not materialize or that may be offset entirely or
partially by other events and developments. In addition to the assumptions and expectations discussed in this section, reference should be
made to the section of this MD&A entitled Forward-looking statements for assumptions and risk factors affecting such statements.




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report   7
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Strategy overview

CN’s purpose is to power the economy by enabling global supply chains and moving goods sustainably and efficiently, working together with
our customers, our people, and the communities in which we operate. CN is committed to delivering a safe, consistent and reliable scheduled
service that creates value for customers, shareholders and stakeholders. In 2023, CN continued its “back to basics” approach, re-establishing a
disciplined scheduled operation. CN’s “make the plan, run the plan, sell the plan” operating approach has driven strong operational, safety, and
customer service outcomes.


CN aims to drive consistent shareholder returns and earnings growth by striving for sustainable financial performance, including profitable top-
line growth, strong free cash flow generation and return on invested capital well above the Company’s cost of capital. CN also returns value to
shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases.


Build service excellence, grow our business and invest in our people
Going forward, CN will continue to focus on sustaining and building service excellence, growing the business and developing our people.
Providing reliable and efficient customer service is the foundation for growth. CN aims to leverage its strong customer service and operating
efficiency of rail to grow the business profitably. CN continues to invest in the safety and fluidity of the network, and in increasing capacity to
cost effectively grow volumes. CN is also investing to drive incremental fuel and carbon efficiency and to improve network resiliency. Critical to
CN’s long-term success are also the people investments being made to ensure the optimal workforce, with the right skills and leadership
capabilities, are available to meet the challenges of tomorrow.


Delivering Responsibly
Sustainability is at the heart of how CN is building for the future. Delivering Responsibly is the encapsulation of the Company’s sustainability
strategy and commitments. The Company is focused on transporting goods safely and efficiently, doing so in a manner that seeks to minimize
the impact on the environment, attracting, retaining and engaging top talent, and helping to build stronger, safer communities, while adhering to
the highest governance standards. CN understands that transparency is essential for stakeholder trust concerning the Company’s
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) commitments. In that regard, CN seeks to align its ESG disclosures with global best practice
frameworks, reporting on commitments and performance with focus, clarity and comparability. In 2023, CN published its latest biennial
sustainability report, outlining the Company's targets, programs and achievements in corporate governance, environment, safety, people,
community involvement and stakeholder engagement. CN is proud of its 2023 accomplishments as the Company's sustainability practices
earned it a place on the Dow Jones Sustainability World and North American Indices, for the 12th and 15th consecutive year, respectively.


Safety is a core value
CN is committed to the health and safety of its employees, the communities and environments in which it operates and the customers it serves.
The Company embraces a values-based safety culture. CN’s objective is to reduce serious injuries and fatalities. The Company is employing
advanced technologies and innovative training to help achieve this goal. More specifically, CN is:
•   Fostering an engaged workforce that understands and respects Life Critical Rules.
•   Embedding a mindset whereby employees take ownership for their own safety and the safety of others by Looking Out for Each Other.
•   Training employees to identify and mitigate exposures.
•   Using advanced technologies to proactively mitigate human error and reduce risk.
•   Maintaining reliable and safe equipment and infrastructure.
•   Investing in employee training, coaching, recognition and engagement initiatives.

See the section of this MD&A entitled Human capital management - Health and safety for additional information regarding CN's safety initiatives.

Tackling the impact of climate change
The Company's goal is to conduct its operations in a way that seeks to minimize environmental impact, while offering a carbon-efficient and
sustainable way to move goods. CN is focused on making a positive contribution in the fight against climate change and playing a key role in
the transition to a lower-carbon economy.




8   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

With approximately 85% of its direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions generated from rail operations, CN focuses on five key strategic areas:
fleet renewal, innovative technology, big data, operating practices and cleaner fuels. Over the years, this focus has resulted in significant
progress in decoupling volume growth from carbon emissions intensity. CN continues to maintain its leadership position among Class I North
American railways, generating approximately 15% less locomotive GHG emissions per gross ton mile than the industry average. CN was also
the first North American railway, and among the first 100 companies globally, to announce an approved science-based climate target. CN aims
to reduce GHG emissions in line with the Paris Agreement and in 2021, committed to setting a net-zero target by joining the "Business Ambition
for 1.5 °C" and the United Nations' "Race to Zero" campaign.


To achieve its decarbonization targets, CN will need to continue improving the fuel efficiency of its fleets, increase its use of sustainable
renewable fuels and test, and eventually deploy alternative propulsion locomotive technologies. Collaboration with suppliers, customers, supply
chain partners, innovators and regulators is critical for CN to deliver on its climate commitments and to help drive economic prosperity in a
lower-carbon emissions environment.


The Company's CDP Report, including a Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) index, is available on CN's website in the
Delivering Responsibly section. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this MD&A.


Building the talent and culture to drive CN's continuous performance
CN people have always been the Company's most important differentiator, caring passionately about railroading and bringing optimism,
commitment and resilience to daily tasks. CN aims to attract, develop, and retain the very best talent, with a focus on a diverse and inclusive
work environment where employees are engaged, inspired and motivated. CN trains its employees with the necessary skills for an increasingly
automated and data-driven work environment.


See the section of this MD&A entitled Human capital management for additional information regarding CN's human capital initiatives.


Community engagement
At CN, we are committed to being good neighbors who listen, learn, and do our part to help build safer, stronger, more prosperous communities.
Connecting Canada’s Eastern and Western coasts with the U.S. Gulf Coast, CN spans eight provinces, 16 states, and operates within or adjacent
to nearly 230 reserve lands of more than 120 First Nations and Métis communities in Canada, seven Tribal communities in the United States,
and more than 2,000 towns and cities across its network. CN plays an essential role and contributes to economic prosperity through job
creation, investments and freight transportation services. The Company seeks open and proactive engagement to ensure stakeholders and
Indigenous communities are aware of its strategy, operations, opportunities and obligations, and aims to foster effective two-way
communications that ensures a respectful and beneficial exchange.


CN also partners with communities to enhance railway safety. Under CN's structured Community Engagement program, the Company engages
with municipal officers and their emergency responders to assist them in their emergency response planning. During this frequent outreach, CN
discusses its comprehensive safety programs and performance, the nature, volume and economic importance of dangerous goods it transports
through their communities and emergency response planning. CN annually conducts hundreds of training events for thousands of emergency
responders, totaling over 130,000 first responders since 1988. Additional training sites have been constructed to offer onsite full scale
dangerous goods training.


The outreach builds on CN's involvement in Transportation Community Awareness and Emergency Response (TRANSCAER®), through which the
Company has been working for many years to help communities in Canada and the U.S. understand the movement of hazardous materials and
what is required in the event of transportation incidents. All Aboard for Safety is CN’s flagship community education program. Every year, CN
employees make hundreds of presentations and talk to thousands of children and adults at schools and community events in Canada and the
U.S. about the importance of rail safety and the dangers of walking or playing on or near railway tracks.


As part of CN’s year‑round outreach effort, the CN Police Service continues to be active in communities across the CN network to promote safe
behavior around railroad infrastructure. Activities include conducting enforcement initiatives with external agencies and delivering safety
presentations to high‑risk groups. During the industry’s annual Rail Safety Week campaign, CN police officers and other employees, in
partnership with Operation Lifesaver®, participate in numerous safety initiatives to raise awareness about preventing accidents and injuries
around railway property.




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report    9
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

CN believes another way to help build more sustainable communities is to actively contribute financially through its CN Stronger Communities
Fund to organizations, programs and initiatives that promote diversity and inclusion, innovation and safety, education, environmental protection,
and many other causes such as food banks, homeless shelters, domestic violence shelters, healthcare centers, and anti-poverty organizations.


CN is proud of its employees, retirees and their families who volunteer to make their communities better places to live, work and play. The CN
Railroaders in the Community program recognizes these acts of kindness by providing grants to the community‑based not‑for‑profit
organizations employees (current, retired or family) choose to support through their volunteer efforts. CN also encourages employee
community involvement through its annual volunteer CN In Your Community Day.


Working alongside Indigenous communities, CN makes it a priority to strengthen its ties, cultivate respectful and mutually beneficial
relationships, and work toward reconciliation. CN continues to engage in open dialogue with Indigenous communities, identify and foster
business opportunities, increase our employees’ awareness and understanding of Indigenous culture, and enhance its ability to attract
Indigenous talent. CN provides awareness training on Indigenous culture, beliefs, and history to its employees to foster an inclusive work
environment. Since the program began in 2014, more than 24,000 employees have completed the training.


Disciplined capital allocation and execution
CN's success depends on a steady stream of capital investments that are aligned with and support its business strategy. These investments
cover a wide range of areas, from track infrastructure and rolling stock to information and operating technologies, as well as other equipment
and assets that are intended to improve the safety, efficiency, capacity and reliability of CN's service offering. Investments in track
infrastructure are designed to enhance the safety and integrity of the physical plant, increase the capacity and fluidity of the network, promote
service excellence, and support growth. New locomotives equipped with distributed power capability increase capacity, fuel and carbon
productivity and efficiency, and improve service reliability, particularly in cold weather, while improving train handling and safety. Targeted
railcar acquisitions aim to tap growth opportunities, complementing the fleet of privately owned railcars that traverse CN's network. CN is also
investing in and deploying advanced technologies to automate labor-intensive tasks like track and railcar inspections, as well as to improve the
customer experience through ‘track and trace’ functionality. CN's long-term economic viability depends on the presence of a supportive
regulatory and government policy environment that encourages investment and innovation.


The multi-year implementation of CN’s strategic plan requires a disciplined, analysis-driven approach to capital investment. Talent, technology
and capital need to be fully aligned. The Company’s capital investment roadmap includes several core elements:
•    Investing in the maintenance of a safe and reliable network.
•    Investing in asset infrastructure to increase the capacity of its three-coast network.
•    Developing a portfolio approach to technology with business-led investment decisions, delivering value at each stage of implementation.
•    Deepening supply chain partnerships with its customers, including road-to-rail conversion.
•    Investing in data analytic systems, including artificial intelligence (AI), to support data-driven decision-making.
•    Investing in technologies and capital assets to support decarbonization of its footprint.
•    Growing its physical and commercial reach through strategic partnerships and acquisitions.



Human capital management

CN's ability to develop the best railroaders in the industry has been a key contributor to the Company's success. CN recognizes that without the
right people, no matter how good a service plan or business model a company may have, it will not be able to fully execute. The Company
continues to focus on hiring the right people, onboarding them successfully, helping them build positive relationships with their colleagues and
supporting all employees to grow and develop, while deepening its commitment to develop talent and plan for the future.




10   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Governance
CN’s Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer has leadership accountability for the Company’s workforce policies and
programs and reports directly to the CEO. CN’s Board and its committees, including the Governance, Sustainability and Safety Committee and
Human Resources and Compensation Committee (HRCC) provide oversight of the Company's human capital management strategies,
programs, practices and performance. The HRCC is responsible for monitoring executive management’s performance assessment,
compensation and succession planning as well as ensuring effective talent management and monitoring union relations and strategy for
consistency with CN’s strategic direction. The HRCC also has the mandate to review human resources practices and policies by ensuring,
amongst other things, that appropriate human resources programs, practices and systems are in place so that the Company can attract,
motivate and retain the quality and diversity of employees required to meet its business objectives. The Company’s senior management
provides regular briefings on human capital matters to the Board and its committees to facilitate oversight.


The Board of Directors and management are committed to maintaining and instilling a strong ethical culture at CN, and as such, have
developed a solid ethics program based on CN’s core values of integrity and respect. Each director, executive officer and management
employee must certify annually their compliance with the Code of Business Conduct and employees are required to complete an online training
course on the Code of Business Conduct. Integrity training is also part of every new employee’s onboarding program. In addition, Anti-Fraud
Policy and Guidelines apply to all employees of CN and its wholly owned subsidiaries and set out steps to be taken in response to reported or
suspected fraud in all its forms, as well as measures that are taken to identify, prevent and manage fraud-related risks.


Total employees
As at December 31, 2023, CN employed a total of 18,162 employees in Canada (2022 – 17,392), of which 13,346, or 73%, were unionized
employees (2022 – 12,841, or 74%) and 6,825 employees in the U.S. (2022 – 6,579) of which 5,786, or 85%, were unionized employees (2022 –
5,571, or 85%).


Canadian workforce
As of January 31, 2024, three of the eight collective agreements in Canada are open for negotiation. See the section of this MD&A entitled 2023
Highlights - Recent developments for additional information regarding labor negotiations. The Company’s collective agreements remain in effect
until the bargaining process outlined under the Canada Labor Code has been exhausted.


U.S. workforce
As of January 31, 2024, collective agreements covering all non-operating and operating craft employees at Grand Trunk Western Railroad
Company (GTW), companies owned by Illinois Central Corporation (ICC), companies owned by Wisconsin Central Ltd. (WC) and Bessemer &
Lake Erie Railroad Company (BLE), and all employees at Pittsburgh and Conneaut Dock Company (PCD) were ratified and remain in place. The
agreements in place have various moratorium provisions, which preserve the status quo with respect to the given collective agreement during
the terms of such moratoriums. Where negotiations are ongoing, the terms and conditions of existing agreements generally continue to apply
until new agreements are reached or the processes of the Railway Labor Act have been exhausted. The general approach to labor negotiations
by U.S. Class I railroads is to bargain on a collective national basis with the industry, which GTW, ICC, WC and BLE currently participate in, for
collective bargaining agreements covering all union-represented employees.


Health and safety
CN has an uncompromising commitment to the health and safety of its employees, the customers it serves, and the communities and
environments in which it operates. The Company's long-term safety improvement is driven by continued investments in infrastructure, rigorous
safety processes and exposure reduction efforts, as well as efforts to continue deepening the Company’s safety culture. The attainment of
annual accident and injury targets is a component of management’s annual incentive bonus plan. The Company’s injury frequency rate and
accident rate, defined according to the criteria of the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA), are provided for the entire company’s operations
and are publicly disclosed on a quarterly basis. See the section of this MD&A entitled Selected railroad statistics for additional information on
CN’s safety measures.


CN’s culture and commitment to safety is supported by its focus on training, leadership, and technology. CN's Safety Management System is
the framework for putting safety at the center of its day-to-day operations. This proactive plan is designed to minimize risk, drive continuous
improvement in the reduction of injuries and accidents, and engage employees at all levels of the organization.




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report   11
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Looking Out For Each Other peer-to-peer engagement program focuses on raising awareness among all employees of the top causes of
incidents and injuries, identifying and reviewing safe work procedures, training employees to be aware of their surroundings and recognize
potential at-risk work practices, teaching employees how to provide constructive feedback to their peers and learning from past incidents. The
Company's Life Critical Rules address the day-to-day activities that have the potential to cause serious harm or even loss of life. They are based
on past incidents and are designed to help ensure they do not happen again. CN's safety leadership training program is heavily focused on
teaching employees the importance of controlling exposures to risk and on developing the attitudes and behaviors required for a values-driven
safety culture.


CN also continues to leverage new technology to drive improved safety performance including installing powerful sensor and AI technology into
specially equipped autonomous track inspection cars positioned in existing train service, enabling track inspections at normal track speed. AI
technology is also enhancing how CN inspects its railcar fleet. Automated inspection portals feature ultra-high-definition cameras that capture
a 360° view of a train as it travels through at track speed. Both these innovations in automation increase inspection frequency and quality and
play an important role in preventing incidents. CN has also implemented Electronic Track Authority Verification (ETAV), a geospatial navigation
aid application that improves safety by leveraging precise location information to warn track maintenance vehicle operators of approaching or
exceeded limits of Track Authority (TA).


CN strives for continuous improvement in our environmental, health, safety, and security (EHS&S) performance and is proud to be a long-
standing Responsible Care® Partner. Triennially, CN undergoes a Responsible Care® audit conducted by an external audit team to ensure CN’s
processes, programs and policies meet the rigorous Responsible Care® Management System Specifications, Guiding Principles and
Stewardship Codes.


CN works closely with all of its customers and suppliers to ensure adherence to Life Critical Rules where applicable, and to encourage a shared
commitment to a values-based safety culture.


Talent management


Attraction and recruitment
CN continues to align its talent strategies to the business objectives, by focusing on acquiring as well as developing the various skills and
capabilities required to meet its commitments, address challenges, and ensure a solid bench of talent to mitigate risk. CN recruits and hires
talent with a broad range of strengths, perspectives and experiences, while also engaging with partners across our network, including
Indigenous and other equity-seeking groups to ensure CN reflects the communities it crosses. Over the last year, similar to other organizations,
CN has had to compete extensively to attract talent, however its refreshed early career strategy with partner universities and its community
engagement and partnerships with diversity organizations across Canada and the U.S., has helped create strong visibility of our jobs and
opportunities.


Once again in 2023, CN was recognized as one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers and Montreal’s Top Employers and also listed as one of
Canada’s best Diversity Employers by Mediacorp Canada Inc.


Training and development
CN offers a variety of training programs, which cover regulatory or CN mandated requirements or are part of an employee's learning journey and
development. This ensures that its employees are equipped to perform in their roles and prepare for career advancement opportunities, as
required.


The Company offers trainings in technical, business and leadership programs, with either online, e-learning or virtually-led courses, and, when
possible, through in-person sessions. People leaders are supported in building the skills and knowledge needed to successfully perform at each
level and this includes a focus on enhancing communication skills, increasing collaboration across teams and creating a strong base of
inclusive leadership throughout our workforce. In 2023, CN continued to provide an expanded offering of online and curated playlists/curricula
for more self-guided and self-paced learning to allow for development tools to be available throughout the year and to be self-directed by the
employee, when it is most convenient. For the Operations group, CN has various entry-level supervisory programs, to onboard front-line
management with a focus on providing those leaders with an understanding of railway operations, safety leadership, people leadership and a
perspective on customer service. Furthermore, CN also supports its employees through a structured performance management process. At the
beginning of each year, non-unionized employees set goals for the year that align to its business strategy and objectives. At mid and year-end,
there is a formal discussion and review of progress against these goals as well as how they were achieved. CN continues to emphasize the


12   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

importance of a performance-based culture. In 2023, CN also introduced development planning tools and launched the “Aspire to develop
yourself” campaign where the Company encourages and equips our employees to own their career and build actionable development plans for
growth. In addition, there are also development discussions with key talent to enhance skills, capabilities and experience across the talent
pools.


Compensation
CN’s approach to compensation continues to be driven by our goal to deliver sustainable value creation, while ensuring that target
compensation supports the attraction and retention of talent. Compensation programs are designed to encourage appropriate behaviors and
include appropriate risk mitigation mechanisms. In addition, compensation best practices adopted by CN include industry benchmarking and
pay positioning as well as pay equity reviews.


CN offers a competitive compensation portfolio that consists of base salary, employee share investment plan, short-term and long-term
incentives (applicable to certain employees only), benefits, retirement plans and other non-monetary elements.


Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I)
At CN, employees are the Company's single greatest asset and the importance of creating a work environment that welcomes the contribution
and uniqueness of every employee is recognized. CN is committed to creating a workforce of top talent that reflects the diversity of the
population and stakeholders it serves. The Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Plan ("Diversity Plan") focuses on developing a more inclusive
workplace by increasing the representation of women, people of color, Indigenous peoples, persons with disabilities and veterans. The plan
applies at all levels within the organization and includes strategies on sourcing (among others, early career sourcing through internships, co-op
and new graduate programs), selection, hiring, training and development of diverse candidates, anchoring CN’s commitment to Diversity, Equity
and Inclusion (DE&I).


The Company has embedded diversity in its policy regarding composition of the Board and executive management. The Diversity Policy, which
also applies to executive management, states that in fulfilling its oversight role, the HRCC regularly reviews CN’s integrated approach to
executive and high-potential talent management and succession planning, in order to ensure that CN has diverse candidate pools for potential
successors for executive roles.


CN is undertaking various initiatives aimed at better promoting and reinforcing diversity, equity and inclusion which are strongly supported
through active involvement by management and the Board. Some examples include:
•   building on established DE&I fundamentals by conducting a DE&I diagnostic and creating a revised multi-year DE&I strategy and vision;
•   running regular reviews of pay equity and defining a roadmap to address identified gaps;
•   refocusing our sponsorships and donations budget to better align with our strategic DE&I vision;
•   continually assessing hiring practices to leverage diversity focused recruitment agencies and requiring diverse candidate slates for all
    recruitment mandates;
•   developing inclusive leaders through targeted training and education, including unconscious bias and inclusive leadership training, as
    leaders will be critical in creating and sustaining an inclusive environment;
•   continuing to support and leverage the Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that are backed by executive sponsors (currently eight ERGs);
    and
•   having sufficient resources to support our DE&I vision.


In January 2024 CN established that moving forward it aspires to maintain a Board composition in which independent Board members are
comprised of at least 40% of each gender (male and female) and at least two members come from the broader underrepresented groups,
beyond gender. Currently, five out of 10, or 50% of independent Board members are women and two, or 20% of independent Board members are
from underrepresented groups. CN has also elected to revise the gender diversity target for executive management (comprising all Vice-
Presidents and more senior positions), whereby by the end of 2027, and thereafter, CN aspires to maintain an executive management team in
which at least 35% of this group are women. As at December 31, 2023 27%, or eight of the 30 executive management roles, were held by
women.




                                                                                                                    CN | 2023 Annual Report   13
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Financial highlights

                                                                                                                                                    % Change
                                                                                                                                              Favorable/(Unfavorable)
In millions, except percentage and per share data                                            2023                 2022          2021      2023 vs 2022       2022 vs 2021
Revenues                                                                              $    16,828          $     17,107    $   14,477              (2%)             18%
Operating income                                                                      $     6,597          $      6,840    $    5,616              (4%)             22%
Adjusted operating income (1)(2)                                                      $     6,597          $      6,862    $    5,622              (4%)             22%
Net income                                                                            $     5,625          $      5,118    $    4,899             10%                   4%
Adjusted net income (1)(2)                                                            $     4,800          $      5,134    $    4,225              (7%)             22%
Basic earnings per share                                                              $       8.55         $       7.46    $     6.91             15%                   8%
Diluted earnings per share                                                            $       8.53         $       7.44    $     6.90             15%                   8%
Adjusted diluted earnings per share (1)(2)                                            $       7.28         $       7.46    $     5.95              (2%)             25%
Dividends declared per share                                                          $       3.16         $       2.93    $     2.46              8%               19%
Operating ratio (3)                                                                           60.8%                60.0%         61.2%           (0.8) pts         1.2 pts
Adjusted operating ratio (1)(2)                                                               60.8%                59.9%         61.2%           (0.9) pts         1.3 pts
Net cash provided by operating activities                                             $     6,965          $      6,667    $    6,971              4%               (4%)
Net cash used in investing activities                                                 $     3,468          $      2,510    $    2,873            (38%)              13%
Free cash flow (1)(4)                                                                 $     3,887          $      4,259    $    3,296              (9%)             29%


                                                                                                                                                    % Change
                                                                                                                                              Favorable/(Unfavorable)
                                                                                          As at                 As at            As at
                                                                                    December 31,          December 31,     December 31,
In millions, except percentages                                                           2023                  2022             2021     2023 vs 2022       2022 vs 2021
Financial position
      Total assets                                                                    $    52,666          $     50,662    $   48,538              4%                   4%
      Total long-term liabilities (5)                                                 $    27,514          $     25,436    $   22,674              (8%)            (12%)

(1)     These non-GAAP measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
        companies.
(2)     See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – Adjusted performance measures for an explanation of these non-GAAP measures.
(3)     Operating ratio is defined as operating expenses as a percentage of revenues.
(4)     See the section of this MD&A entitled Liquidity and capital resources – Free cash flow for an explanation of this non-GAAP measure.
(5)     Total long-term liabilities is the difference between Total liabilities and Total current liabilities.




2023 Results of operations

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 were $16,828 million compared to $17,107 million in 2022. The decrease of $279 million, or
2%, was mainly due to lower shipments of intermodal, crude oil, U.S. grain and forest products as well as lower container storage fees and
lower fuel surcharge revenues as a result of lower fuel prices; partly offset by freight rate increases, higher Canadian grain export shipments
and higher shipments of potash and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were $10,231 million compared to $10,267 million in 2022. Operating expenses
remained flat mainly due to lower fuel prices; offset by the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar and higher labor and fringe
benefits expense mainly driven by general wage increases and higher average headcount.


Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2023 decreased by $243 million, or 4%, to $6,597 million, when compared to the same
period in 2022. The operating ratio was 60.8% in 2023, compared to 60.0% in 2022, a 0.8-point increase.


Net income for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $5,625 million, an increase of $507 million, or 10%, when compared to 2022, and diluted
earnings per share increased by 15% to $8.53. The increase was mainly due to a net deferred income tax recovery of $713 million resulting from
tax filings consistent with a ruling that the Company received in a non-U.S. foreign jurisdiction in connection with prior taxation years; partly
offset by lower revenues.



14       CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Key operating metrics


                                                                                                                                                        % Change
                                                                                                                                               Favorable/(Unfavorable)
                                                                                        2023                2022                2021         2023 vs 2022          2022 vs 2021
Gross ton miles (GTMs) (millions) (1)                                               452,043              463,710             458,401                    (3%)                   1%
Train weight (tons) (2)                                                                9,186                9,324               9,658                   (1%)                  (3%)
Train length (feet) (3)                                                                7,891                8,160               8,559                   (3%)                  (5%)
Through network train speed (miles per hour) (4)                                         19.8                18.9                19.2                    5%                   (2%)
Fuel efficiency (US gallons of locomotive fuel consumed per
  1,000 GTMs) (5)                                                                      0.874                0.867               0.884                   (1%)                   2%
Through dwell (entire railroad, hours) (6)                                                7.0                  7.6                 7.9                   8%                    4%
Car velocity (car miles per day) (7)                                                      213                 196                 195                    9%                    1%

(1)   GTMs: The workload performed by system trains in hauling freight or equipment. GTMs are calculated by multiplying the trailing weight by the distance the train moved.
      A larger number is an indicator of more traffic (and thus more revenue) being moved.
(2)   Train weight: An efficiency measurement on how much tonnage each mainline train handles on average as it crosses the network. Calculated as the total of GTMs and
      divided by total train miles, this measure provides insight on how well each train was maximized in terms of its capacity to move traffic. This operating measure was
      formerly named Train productivity.
(3)   Train length: An efficiency measurement on average trailing length of each mainline train on the network. Calculated as the total of car foot miles (the sum of car length
      multiplied by miles travelled for each trailing car) divided by total train miles, this measure provides insight on how well each train was maximized in terms of its capacity
      to move traffic.
(4)   Through network train speed: A measure of the line-haul movement from origin to destination, including time at terminals. The average speed is calculated by dividing
      train miles by total hours operated, excluding yard and local trains, passenger trains, maintenance of way trains, and foreign trains. This measure represents the fluidity
      of trains on the network, with a higher value also indicating a more fluid network.
(5)   Fuel efficiency: This measure represents how efficient the Company is in the generation and utilization of locomotive horsepower in freight train operations, with a lower
      number indicating improved performance. Fuel efficiency is defined as US gallons of locomotive fuel consumed per 1,000 GTMs. Annual fuel efficiency metrics for 2021
      have been revised as more complete information became available.
(6)   Through dwell: The average time a car resides within terminal boundaries expressed in hours. The measurement begins with a customer release, received interchange,
      or train arrival event and ends with a customer placement (actual or constructive), delivered or offered in interchange, or train departure event. This excludes stored, bad
      ordered, maintenance of way cars, or cars with dwell greater than 10 days. This measure represents the efficiency of handling cars within the terminal, with a lower value
      indicating higher performance.
(7)   Car velocity: The average miles per day traveled by loaded and empty cars (including all active cars whether private, foreign or CN owned) on company lines. This
      measure represents the fluidity of cars on the network, calculated by the sum of miles each car traveled divided by the sum of all of the cars’ active time, with a higher
      value indicating a smoother and more fluid operation.

The Company’s continued focus on scheduled railroading in 2023, helped by more favorable winter operating conditions partly offset by
operational disruptions related to Canadian wildfires and the Canadian West Coast dock workers strike, resulted in improvements in car
velocity, train speed and through dwell when compared to 2022. GTMs were negatively impacted in 2023 when compared to 2022 primarily due
to weaker demand for freight services. Fuel efficiency decreased by 1% mainly due to running shorter trains.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to 2021, the Company’s focus on scheduled railroading resulted in improvements in car
velocity, through dwell and fuel efficiency, as well as a decrease in train length and train weight, despite negative impacts from the harsh winter
in the first quarter of 2022. In addition, the Company's fuel initiatives allowed it to achieve a new record for fuel efficiency.



Non-GAAP measures

This MD&A makes reference to non-GAAP measures including adjusted performance measures, constant currency, return on invested capital
(ROIC) and adjusted ROIC, free cash flow, and adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple that do not have any standardized meaning prescribed
by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. From management's perspective, these
non-GAAP measures are useful measures of performance and provide investors with supplementary information to assess the Company's
results of operations and liquidity. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial measures
prepared in accordance with GAAP.


For further details of these non-GAAP measures, including a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, refer to
the sections of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures: Adjusted performance measures, ROIC and adjusted ROIC and Constant currency, as
well as the section entitled Liquidity and capital resources: Free cash flow and Adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple.




                                                                                                                                                CN | 2023 Annual Report         15
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Adjusted performance measures


Adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted operating income, adjusted operating expenses and adjusted operating ratio
are non-GAAP measures that are used to set performance goals and to measure CN's performance. Management believes that these adjusted
performance measures provide additional insight to management and investors into the Company's operations and underlying business trends
as well as facilitate period-to-period comparisons, as they exclude certain significant items that are not reflective of CN's underlying business
operations and could distort the analysis of trends in business performance. These items may include:
i.     operating expense adjustments: workforce reduction program, depreciation expense on the deployment of replacement system, advisory
       fees related to shareholder matters, losses and recoveries from assets held for sale, business acquisition-related costs;
ii.    non-operating expense adjustments: business acquisition-related financing fees, merger termination income, gains and losses on disposal
       of property; and
iii.   the effect of changes in tax laws including rate enactments, and changes in tax positions affecting prior years.


These non-GAAP measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar
measures presented by other companies.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company's adjusted net income was $4,800 million, or $7.28 per diluted share, which excludes:
•      a gain on disposal of property within the Bala Subdivision located in Markham and Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada of $129 million, or $112
       million after-tax ($0.17 per diluted share) recorded in the fourth quarter in Other income within the Consolidated Statements of Income;
       and
•      a net deferred income tax recovery of $713 million ($1.08 per diluted share) recorded in the fourth quarter resulting from tax filings
       consistent with a ruling that the Company received in a non-U.S. foreign jurisdiction in connection with prior taxation years.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's adjusted net income was $5,134 million, or $7.46 per diluted share, which excludes
advisory fees related to shareholder matters of $22 million, or $16 million after-tax ($0.02 per diluted share) of which $12 million, or $9 million
after-tax ($0.01 per diluted share) was recorded in the second quarter and $10 million, or $7 million after-tax ($0.01 per diluted share) was
recorded in the first quarter in Other expense within the Consolidated Statements of Income.


For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reported adjusted net income of $4,225 million, or $5.95 per diluted share, which
excludes:
•      employee termination benefits and severance costs related to a workforce reduction program of $39 million, or $29 million after-tax ($0.04
       per diluted share) recorded in the third quarter in Labor and fringe benefits within the Consolidated Statements of Income;
•      advisory fees related to shareholder matters of $20 million, or $15 million after-tax ($0.02 per diluted share) of which $13 million, or $10
       million after-tax ($0.01 per diluted share) was recorded in the fourth quarter and $7 million, or $5 million after-tax ($0.01 per diluted share)
       was recorded in the third quarter in Other expense within the Consolidated Statements of Income;
•      the recovery of $137 million, or $102 million after-tax ($0.14 per diluted share) recorded in the first quarter related to the loss on assets
       held for sale in the second quarter of 2020, to reflect an agreement for the sale for on-going rail operations, certain non-core rail lines in
       Wisconsin, Michigan and Ontario to a short line operator;
•      transaction-related costs, consisting of an advance to Kansas City Southern (KCS) and a related refund, net of transaction costs, of $84
       million, or $70 million after-tax ($0.10 per diluted share), recorded in the third quarter resulting from the terminated CN Merger Agreement
       with KCS;
•      amortization of bridge financing and other fees of $97 million, or $84 million after-tax ($0.11 per diluted share), of which $65 million, or $60
       million after-tax ($0.08 per diluted share) was recorded in the third quarter and $32 million, or $24 million after-tax ($0.03 per diluted share)
       was recorded in the second quarter, resulting from the KCS transaction, recorded in Interest expense within the Consolidated Statements
       of Income; and
•      merger termination fee paid by KCS to CN of $886 million, or $770 million after-tax ($1.08 per diluted share), recorded in the third quarter
       resulting from KCS' notice of termination of the CN Merger Agreement with KCS.




16     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Adjusted net income is defined as Net income in accordance with GAAP adjusted for certain significant items. Adjusted diluted earnings per
share is defined as adjusted net income divided by the weighted-average diluted shares outstanding. The following table provides a
reconciliation of Net income and Earnings per share in accordance with GAAP, as reported for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and
2021, to the non-GAAP adjusted performance measures presented herein:

In millions, except per share data                                         Year ended December 31,                       2023                       2022                     2021
Net income                                                                                                $             5,625       $              5,118      $              4,899
Adjustments:
Operating expense adjustments:
      Workforce reduction program                                                                                              —                       —                           39
      Advisory fees related to shareholder matters                                                                             —                      22                           20
      Recovery on assets held for sale                                                                                         —                       —                      (137)
      Transaction-related costs                                                                                                —                       —                           84
Non-operating expense adjustments:
      Amortization of bridge financing and other fees                                                                          —                       —                           97
      Merger termination fee                                                                                                   —                       —                      (886)
      Gain on disposal of property                                                                                       (129)                         —                           —
Tax adjustments:
      Tax effect of adjustments (1)                                                                                         17                         (6)                     109
      Tax-deductible goodwill and related impacts (2)                                                                    (713)                         —                           —
Total adjustments                                                                                                        (825)                        16                      (674)
Adjusted net income                                                                                       $             4,800       $              5,134      $              4,225
Diluted earnings per share                                                                                $               8.53      $               7.44      $               6.90
Impact of adjustments, per share                                                                                         (1.25)                     0.02                     (0.95)
Adjusted diluted earnings per share                                                                       $               7.28      $               7.46      $               5.95

(1)    The tax impact of adjustments is based on the nature of the item for tax purposes and related tax rates in the applicable jurisdiction.
(2)    Relates to the impacts resulting from tax filings consistent with a ruling that the Company received in a non-U.S. foreign jurisdiction in connection with prior taxation
       years.

Adjusted operating income is defined as Operating income in accordance with GAAP adjusted for certain significant operating expense items.
Adjusted operating expenses is defined as Operating expenses in accordance with GAAP adjusted for certain significant operating expense
items. Adjusted operating ratio is defined as adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues. The following table provides a
reconciliation of Operating income, Operating expenses and operating ratio, as reported for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and
2021, to the non-GAAP adjusted performance measures presented herein:

 In millions, except percentages                                           Year ended December 31,                     2023                       2022                     2021
 Operating income                                                                                         $           6,597         $             6,840       $            5,616
 Adjustments:
      Workforce reduction program                                                                                          —                         —                        39
      Advisory fees related to shareholder matters                                                                         —                        22                        20
      Recovery on assets held for sale                                                                                     —                         —                      (137)
      Transaction-related costs                                                                                            —                         —                        84
 Total adjustments                                                                                                         —                        22                             6
 Adjusted operating income                                                                                $           6,597         $             6,862       $            5,622


 Operating expenses                                                                                                 10,231                       10,267                    8,861
 Total adjustments                                                                                                         —                        (22)                       (6)
 Adjusted operating expenses                                                                              $         10,231          $            10,245       $            8,855


 Operating ratio                                                                                                       60.8 %                      60.0 %                   61.2 %
 Impact of adjustments                                                                                                     —                       (0.1)%                      —
 Adjusted operating ratio                                                                                              60.8 %                      59.9 %                   61.2 %




                                                                                                                                                  CN | 2023 Annual Report          17
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

ROIC and adjusted ROIC


ROIC and adjusted ROIC are useful measures for management and investors to evaluate the efficiency of the Company's use of capital funds
and allow investors to assess the operating and investment decisions made by management. The Company calculates ROIC as return divided
by average invested capital, both of which are non-GAAP measures. Return is defined as Net income plus interest expense after-tax, calculated
using the Company's effective tax rate. Average invested capital is defined as the sum of Total shareholders' equity, Long-term debt and Current
portion of long-term debt less Cash and cash equivalents, and Restricted cash and cash equivalents, averaged between the beginning and
ending balance over the last twelve-month period. The Company calculates adjusted ROIC as adjusted return divided by average invested
capital, both of which are non-GAAP measures. Adjusted return is defined as adjusted net income plus interest expense after-tax, calculated
using the Company's adjusted effective tax rate. Return, average invested capital, ROIC, adjusted return and adjusted ROIC do not have any
standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.


The following table provides a reconciliation of Net income and adjusted net income to return and adjusted return, respectively, as well as the
calculation of average invested capital, which have been used to calculate ROIC and adjusted ROIC:

In millions, except percentage                                      As at and for the year ended December 31,              2023                 2022                  2021
Net income                                                                                                        $       5,625         $       5,118        $       4,899
Interest expense                                                                                                            722                   548                  610
Tax on interest expense (1)                                                                                                (177)                 (133)                (139)
Return                                                                                                            $       6,170         $       5,533        $       5,370
Average total shareholders' equity                                                                                $      20,751         $     22,064         $      21,198
Average long-term debt                                                                                                   15,253               13,175                11,987
Average current portion of long-term debt                                                                                 1,699                   783                  709
Less: Average cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents                                      (879)               (1,088)              (1,221)
Average invested capital                                                                                          $      36,824         $     34,934         $      32,673
ROIC                                                                                                                       16.8%                 15.8%                16.4%
Adjusted net income (2)                                                                                           $       4,800         $       5,134        $       4,225
Interest expense                                                                                                            722                   548                  610
Less: Amortization of bridge financing and other fees (3)                                                                      —                    —                   (97)
Adjusted tax on interest expense (4)                                                                                       (177)                 (133)                (123)
Adjusted return                                                                                                   $       5,345         $       5,549        $       4,615
Average invested capital                                                                                          $      36,824         $     34,934         $      32,673
Adjusted ROIC                                                                                                              14.5%                 15.9%                14.1%

(1)   The effective tax rate, defined as Income tax expense as a percentage of Income before income taxes, used to calculate the tax on Interest expense for 2023 was 24.5%
      (2022 - 24.3%; 2021 - 22.8%). Due to the significantly lower effective tax rate reported by the Company in 2023, tax on interest expense for 2023 was calculated using an
      adjusted effective tax rate.
(2)   This non-GAAP measure does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
      companies. See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – Adjusted performance measures for an explanation of this non-GAAP measure.
(3)   Relates to amortization of bridge financing and other fees resulting from the KCS transaction, recorded in Interest expense within the Consolidated Statements of
      Income.
(4)   The adjusted effective tax rate is a non-GAAP measure, defined as Income tax expense, net of tax adjustments as presented in Adjusted performance measures as a
      percentage of Income before taxes, net of pre-tax adjustments as presented in Adjusted performance measures. This measure does not have any standardized meaning
      prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to a similar measure presented by other companies. The adjusted effective tax rate used to calculate the
      adjusted tax on interest expense for 2023 was 24.5% (2022 - 24.3%; 2021 - 24.0%).




18     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Constant currency


Financial results at constant currency allow results to be viewed without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, thereby
facilitating period-to-period comparisons in the analysis of trends in business performance. Measures at constant currency are considered non-
GAAP measures and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures
presented by other companies. Financial results at constant currency are obtained by translating the current period results denominated in US
dollars at the weighted average foreign exchange rates used to translate transactions denominated in US dollars of the comparable period of
the prior year.


The average foreign exchange rates were $1.350 and $1.301 per US$1.00, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. On a
constant currency basis, the Company's Net income for the year ended December 31, 2023 would have been lower by $96 million ($0.15 per
diluted share).


The following table provides a reconciliation of the impact of constant currency and related percentage change at constant currency on the
financial results, as reported for the year ended December 31, 2023:
                                                                                                                                   % Change at
                                                                                                                                      constant
                                                                                                    Constant                          currency
In millions, except per share data                  Year ended December 31,        2023      currency impact           2022         Fav (Unfav)
Revenues
   Petroleum and chemicals                                                    $     3,195     $         (71)   $        3,229                (3%)
   Metals and minerals                                                              2,048               (59)            1,911                4%
   Forest products                                                                  1,943               (55)            2,006                (6%)
   Coal                                                                             1,017               (14)             937                 7%
   Grain and fertilizers                                                            3,265               (57)            2,783                15%
   Intermodal                                                                       3,823               (45)            4,906             (23%)
   Automotive                                                                         945               (25)             797                 15%
Total freight revenues                                                             16,236              (326)          16,569                 (4%)
Other revenues                                                                        592               (12)             538                 8%
Total revenues                                                                     16,828              (338)          17,107                 (4%)
Operating expenses
   Labor and fringe benefits                                                        3,150               (41)            2,935                (6%)
   Purchased services and material                                                  2,254               (29)            2,191                (2%)
   Fuel                                                                             2,097               (69)            2,518                19%
   Depreciation and amortization                                                    1,817               (25)            1,729                (4%)
   Equipment rents                                                                    359               (10)             338                 (3%)
   Other                                                                              554               (13)             556                 3%
Total operating expenses                                                           10,231              (187)          10,267                 2%
Operating income                                                                    6,597              (151)            6,840                (6%)
Interest expense                                                                     (722)               23              (548)            (28%)
Other components of net periodic benefit income                                       479                 —              498                 (4%)
Other income (loss)                                                                   134                 —               (27)           596%
Income before income taxes                                                          6,488              (128)            6,763                (6%)
Income tax expense                                                                   (863)               32            (1,645)               49%
Net income                                                                    $     5,625     $         (96)   $        5,118                8%
Diluted earnings per share                                                    $      8.53     $       (0.15)   $         7.44                13%




                                                                                                                   CN | 2023 Annual Report    19
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenues

                                                                                                                                                                   % Change
                                                                                                                                                                  at constant
In millions, unless otherwise indicated                          Year ended December 31,                  2023                  2022            % Change          currency (1)
Freight revenues                                                                               $       16,236        $       16,569                      (2%)            (4%)
Other revenues                                                                                             592                   538                     10%              8%
Total revenues                                                                                 $       16,828        $       17,107                      (2%)            (4%)
Freight revenues
      Petroleum and chemicals                                                                  $         3,195       $         3,229                     (1%)            (3%)
      Metals and minerals                                                                                2,048                 1,911                     7%               4%
      Forest products                                                                                    1,943                 2,006                     (3%)            (6%)
      Coal                                                                                               1,017                   937                     9%               7%
      Grain and fertilizers                                                                              3,265                 2,783                     17%             15%
      Intermodal                                                                                         3,823                 4,906                 (22%)              (23%)
      Automotive                                                                                           945                   797                     19%             15%
Total freight revenues                                                                         $       16,236        $       16,569                      (2%)            (4%)


Revenue ton miles (RTMs) (millions) (2)                                                               232,614               235,788                      (1%)            (1%)
Freight revenue/RTM (cents) (3)                                                                           6.98                  7.03                     (1%)            (3%)
Carloads (thousands)                                                                                     5,436                 5,697                     (5%)            (5%)
Freight revenue/carload ($)                                                                              2,987                 2,908                     3%               1%

(1)    This non-GAAP measure does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
       companies. See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – Constant currency for an explanation of this non-GAAP measure.
(2)    RTMs is a measure of volumes and is calculated by multiplying the weight in tons of the shipment lading being transported by the number of miles that the shipment is
       transported on company lines. CN uses RTMs as the primary measure of volumes as compared to Carloads, since RTMs also takes into account the length of haul and
       weight in the movement.
(3)    Freight revenue per RTM is an indicator of yield and represents revenue earned for transporting one ton of freight over a distance of one mile.


                          Business Unit Revenue Mix                                                           Business Unit Revenue Mix

                              % of 2023 Revenues                                                                   % of 2022 Revenues

                              Other revenues 3%                                                                    Other revenues 3%
                  Automotive 6%                                                                     Automotive 5%                              Petroleum and
                                                            Petroleum and                                                                      chemicals 19%
                                                            chemicals 19%



 Intermodal 23%
                                                                                      Intermodal 29%                                                     Metals and
                                                                   Metals and
                                                                   minerals 12%                                                                          minerals 11%




                                                             Forest products 12%                                                                  Forest products 12%
                Grain and
                fertilizers 19%                                                                         Grain and
                                                  Coal 6%                                               fertilizers 16%                  Coal 5%


Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 totaled $16,828 million compared to $17,107 million in 2022. The decrease of $279 million, or
2%, was mainly due to:
       •      lower RTMs of 1% mainly due to lower shipments of intermodal, crude oil, U.S. grain and forest products; partly offset by higher
              Canadian grain export shipments and higher shipments of potash.
       •      lower Freight revenue per RTM of 1% due to lower container storage fees and lower fuel surcharge revenues as a result of lower fuel
              prices; partly offset by freight rate increases, a decrease in the average length of haul and the positive translation impact of a weaker
              Canadian dollar.




20         CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Fuel surcharge revenues decreased by $368 million in 2023 when compared to 2022, mainly due to lower fuel prices and lower volumes; partly
offset by the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Petroleum and chemicals
                                                                                                                                      % Change
                                                                                                                                     at constant
                                                     Year ended December 31,          2023              2022         % Change           currency
Revenues (millions)                                                            $      3,195    $        3,229              (1%)                (3%)
RTMs (millions)                                                                     43,846            46,273               (5%)                (5%)
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                    7.29              6.98               4%                  2%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                   634               636               —%                  —%
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                   5,039             5,077              (1%)                (3%)



The petroleum and chemicals commodity group comprises a wide range of commodities, including chemicals and plastics, refined petroleum
products, natural gas liquids, crude oil and sulfur. The primary markets for these commodities are within North America, and as such, the
performance of this commodity group is closely correlated with the North American economy as well as oil, gas production, petroleum refining
activity, pipeline capacities and related petrochemical commodity prices. Most of the Company's petroleum and chemicals shipments originate
in the Alberta Industrial Heartland, a key oil and gas development area and a major center for natural gas feedstock and world-scale
petrochemicals and plastics. In addition to servicing the Louisiana petrochemical corridor between New Orleans and Baton Rouge as well as
Sarnia’s "Chemical Valley" in Southwestern Ontario, the Company also supplements pipeline capacity by moving petroleum products from
facilities in Saskatchewan, British Colombia, Quebec, and Illinois.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues for this commodity group decreased by $34 million, or 1%, when compared to 2022, mainly
due to:
    •     lower RTMs of 5%, mainly due to lower shipments of crude oil due to unfavorable crude oil price spreads;
    •     partly offset by higher Revenue per RTM of 4%, mainly due to a decrease in the average length of haul, freight rate increases and the
          positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar; partly offset by lower fuel surcharge revenues.


RTMs decreased more than Carloads in 2023 when compared to 2022, mainly due to lower shipments of crude oil, which has a longer length of
haul.



Percentage of commodity group revenues                                                                                    2023             2022
Refined petroleum products                                                                                                47 %                 45 %
Chemicals and plastics                                                                                                    39 %                 37 %
Crude and condensate                                                                                                       9%                  13 %
Sulfur                                                                                                                     5%                   5%




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report    21
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Metals and minerals
                                                                                                                                     % Change
                                                                                                                                    at constant
                                                      Year ended December 31,          2023              2022         % Change         currency
Revenues (millions)                                                             $     2,048     $       1,911                7%             4%
RTMs (millions)                                                                      28,444            27,606                3%             3%
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                    7.20              6.92                4%             1%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                  1,002               956                5%             5%
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                   2,044             1,999                2%            (1%)
The metals and minerals commodity group consists primarily of materials related to oil and gas development such as frac sand, drilling pipe
and large diameter pipe, steel, iron ore, non-ferrous base metals and ores, raw materials including scrap metal, industrial materials including
aggregates, construction materials such as roofing and railway equipment, machinery and dimensional (large) loads. The Company provides
unique rail access to base metals, iron ore and frac sand mining as well as aluminum and steel producing regions, which are among the most
important in North America. This strong origin franchise, coupled with the Company's access to port facilities and the end markets for these
commodities, has made CN a leader in the transportation of metals and minerals products. The key drivers for this market segment are oil and
gas development, automotive production, and non-residential construction.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues for this commodity group increased by $137 million, or 7%, when compared to 2022, mainly
due to:
     •      higher Revenue per RTM of 4% mainly due to freight rate increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar;
            partly offset by lower fuel surcharge revenues; and
     •      higher RTMs of 3% mainly due to higher shipments of frac sand and metals; partly offset by lower exports of iron ore.



Percentage of commodity group revenues                                                                                     2023           2022
Metals                                                                                                                     29 %           29 %
Minerals                                                                                                                   26 %           27 %
Energy materials                                                                                                           25 %           24 %
Iron ore                                                                                                                   20 %           20 %


Forest products
                                                                                                                                     % Change
                                                                                                                                    at constant
                                                      Year ended December 31,          2023              2022         % Change         currency
Revenues (millions)                                                             $     1,943     $       2,006               (3%)           (6%)
RTMs (millions)                                                                      23,141            25,020               (8%)           (8%)
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                    8.40              8.02                5%             2%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                    309               330               (6%)           (6%)
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                   6,288             6,079                3%             1%


The forest products commodity group includes various types of lumber, panels, paper, board and wrapping paper, wood pulp and other fibers
such as logs, recycled paper, wood chips, and wood pellets. The Company has extensive rail access to the western and eastern Canadian fiber-
producing regions, which are among the largest fiber source areas in North America. In the U.S., the Company is strategically located to serve
both the Midwest and southern U.S. corridors with interline connections to other Class I railroads. The key drivers for the various commodities
are: for lumber and panels, housing starts and renovation activities primarily in the U.S.; for fibers (mainly wood pulp), the consumption of
paper, pulpboard and tissue in North American and offshore markets; for newsprint, advertising lineage, non-print media and overall economic
conditions, primarily in the U.S.; and for board and wrap packaging, growth in eCommerce consumer driven demand and the replacement of
plastics by fiber-based packaging.




22       CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues for this commodity group decreased by $63 million, or 3%, when compared to 2022, mainly
due to:
       •   lower RTMs of 8% mainly due to weaker demand for forest products, primarily lumber and panels, and the negative impact of
           Canadian wildfires on customer supply chains;
       •   partly offset by higher Revenue per RTMs of 5% mainly due to freight rate increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker
           Canadian dollar; partly offset by lower fuel surcharge revenues.



Percentage of commodity group revenues                                                                                      2023            2022
Lumber                                                                                                                      37 %                39 %
Pulp                                                                                                                        29 %                28 %
Paper                                                                                                                       17 %                17 %
Panels                                                                                                                      17 %                16 %



Coal
                                                                                                                                       % Change
                                                                                                                                      at constant
                                                      Year ended December 31,          2023              2022          % Change          currency
Revenues (millions)                                                             $     1,017     $         937                9%                 7%
RTMs (millions)                                                                      22,682            22,679                —%                 —%
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                    4.48              4.13                8%                 7%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                    511               503                2%                 2%
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                   1,990             1,863                7%                 5%


The coal commodity group consists of thermal grades of bituminous coal, metallurgical coal and petroleum coke. Canadian thermal and
metallurgical coal are largely exported via terminals on the west coast of Canada to offshore markets. In the U.S., thermal coal is transported
from mines served in southern Illinois, or from western U.S. mines via interchange with other railroads, to major utilities in the Midwest and
Southeast U.S., as well as offshore markets via terminals on the U.S. Gulf Coast and inland river system. Petroleum coke, a by-product of the oil
refining process, is exported to offshore markets via terminals on the west coast of Canada, the U.S. Gulf Coast and inland river system, as well
as shipped to industrial users in domestic markets. The key drivers for this market segment are weather conditions, environmental regulations,
global energy, coal and steel supply and demand conditions, and for U.S. domestic utility coal, the price of natural gas.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues for this commodity group increased by $80 million, or 9%, when compared to 2022, mainly due
to:
       •   higher Revenue per RTM of 8% mainly due to freight rate increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar;
           partly offset by lower fuel surcharge revenues.
       •   RTMs remained flat mainly due to higher shipments of Canadian coal and U.S. petroleum coke; offset by lower shipments of U.S. coal
           exports.


RTMs remained flat while Carloads increased in 2023 when compared to 2022, mainly due to higher Canadian coal export shipments, which
have a longer length of haul; partly offset by lower U.S. coal export shipments which have a longer length of haul.



Percentage of commodity group revenues                                                                                      2023            2022
Canadian coal - export                                                                                                      53 %                54 %
Petroleum coke                                                                                                              21 %                20 %
U.S. coal - export                                                                                                          13 %                14 %
U.S. coal - domestic                                                                                                        13 %                12 %




                                                                                                                      CN | 2023 Annual Report    23
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Grain and fertilizers
                                                                                                                                       % Change
                                                                                                                                      at constant
                                                       Year ended December 31,           2023                 2022   % Change            currency
Revenues (millions)                                                              $      3,265     $          2,783         17%              15%
RTMs (millions)                                                                        63,479               55,359         15%              15%
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                      5.14                 5.03          2%               —%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                      670                  614          9%               9%
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                     4,873                4,533          8%               6%


The grain and fertilizers commodity group depends primarily on crops grown and fertilizers processed in Western Canada and the U.S. Midwest.
The grain segment consists of wheat, oats, barley, flaxseed, rye, peas, lentils, corn, corn meal, ethanol, dried distillers grain, canola seed and
canola products, soybeans, soybean products, sweeteners and animal fat. Production of grain varies considerably from year to year, affected
primarily by weather conditions, seeded and harvested acreage, the mix of grains produced and crop yields. Grain exports are sensitive to the
size and quality of the crop produced, international market conditions and foreign government policy. The majority of grain produced in Western
Canada and moved by CN is exported via the ports of Vancouver, Prince Rupert and Thunder Bay. These rail movements are subject to
government regulation that establishes a maximum revenue entitlement that railways can earn. Although railway companies are free to set
freight rates for western grain shipments, total revenue is limited based on a formula that takes into account tonnage, length of haul, and a
specified price index. Shipments of grain that are exported to the U.S. are not regulated. Grain grown in the U.S. Midwest is exported as well as
transported to domestic processing facilities and feed markets. The Company also serves major producers of potash in Canada, as well as
producers of ammonium nitrate, anhydrous ammonia, urea and other fertilizers across Canada and the U.S. The key drivers for fertilizers are
input prices, demand, government policies, and international competition.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues for this commodity group increased by $482 million, or 17%, when compared to 2022, mainly
due to:
     •      higher RTMs of 15% mainly due to higher Canadian grain export shipments primarily as a result of a larger 2022/2023 crop versus the
            prior year and higher shipments of potash due to a major outage at a competitor's export terminal and stronger domestic demand,
            partly offset by reduced U.S. grain shipments as a result of increased global grain supply; and
     •      higher Revenue per RTM of 2% mainly due to freight rate increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar;
            partly offset by an increase in the average length of haul and lower fuel surcharge revenues.


RTMs increased more than Carloads in 2023 when compared to 2022, mainly due to higher Canadian grain export shipments, which has a
longer length of haul.


Percentage of commodity group revenues                                                                                    2023              2022
Canadian grain - regulated                                                                                                 37 %             32 %
U.S. grain - domestic                                                                                                      19 %             22 %
Fertilizers - potash                                                                                                       16 %             13 %
Canadian grain - commercial                                                                                                13 %             13 %
Fertilizers - other                                                                                                         9%               9%
U.S. grain - exports                                                                                                        6%              11 %


Intermodal
                                                                                                                                       % Change
                                                                                                                                      at constant
                                                       Year ended December 31,           2023                 2022   % Change            currency
Revenues (millions)                                                              $      3,823     $          4,906        (22%)             (23%)
RTMs (millions)                                                                        47,886               56,029        (15%)             (15%)
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                      7.98                 8.76         (9%)             (10%)
Carloads (thousands)                                                                    2,078                2,450        (15%)             (15%)
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                     1,840                2,002         (8%)              (9%)




24       CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The intermodal commodity group includes rail and trucking services and is comprised of two markets: domestic intermodal and international
intermodal. Domestic intermodal transports consumer products and manufactured goods, serving retail, wholesale and logistics provider
channels, within domestic Canada, domestic U.S., Mexico and transborder, while international intermodal handles import and export container
traffic, serving the major ports of Vancouver, Prince Rupert, Montreal, Halifax, Saint John, New Orleans and Mobile. CN's network of inland
intermodal terminals, located near ports and large urban centers, and a number of interline partnerships with other Class I railroads, connects
customers to major markets in North America and overseas. Domestic intermodal is driven by consumer markets, with growth generally tied to
the economy. International intermodal is driven by North American economic and trade conditions as well as global trade patterns. Revenues
for CN owned trucking businesses, including TransX, are included in this commodity group within the domestic market.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues for this commodity group decreased by $1,083 million, or 22%, when compared to 2022,
mainly due to:
    •     lower RTMs of 15% mainly due to decreased shipments in the international and domestic segments driven by weaker demand for
          consumer goods and the lingering negative impact of the Canadian West Coast dock workers strike; and
    •     lower Revenue per RTM of 9% mainly due to lower container storage fees compared to significantly higher container storage fees in
          2022 resulting from customer supply chain challenges, reduced trucking services and lower fuel surcharge revenues; partly offset by a
          decrease in the average length of haul, freight rate increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Percentage of commodity group revenues                                                                                     2023              2022
International                                                                                                              60 %                63 %
Domestic                                                                                                                   40 %                37 %


Automotive
                                                                                                                                        % Change
                                                                                                                                       at constant
                                                     Year ended December 31,           2023               2022        % Change            currency
Revenues (millions)                                                            $        945     $           797            19%                 15%
RTMs (millions)                                                                       3,136               2,822            11%                 11%
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                   30.13               28.24             7%                  4%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                    232                 208            12%                 12%
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                   4,073               3,832             6%                  3%


The automotive commodity group moves both domestic finished vehicles and parts throughout North America, providing service to certain
vehicle assembly plants in Ontario, Michigan and Mississippi. The Company also serves vehicle distribution facilities in Canada and the U.S., as
well as parts production facilities in Michigan and Ontario. The Company serves shippers of finished vehicle imports via the ports of Halifax and
Vancouver, and through interchange with other railroads for vehicles produced outside CN’s directly served network, including in Mexico. CN's
broad network of auto compounds is used to facilitate distribution of vehicles throughout Canada and the U.S. Midwest. The primary drivers for
this market are automotive sales in North America, which are driven by population growth, age of vehicles and household spending.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenues for this commodity group increased by $148 million, or 19%, when compared to 2022, mainly
due to:
    •     higher RTMs of 11% mainly due to higher shipments of finished vehicles as a result of automotive dealership restocking; and
    •     higher Revenue per RTM of 7% mainly due to freight rate increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar;
          partly offset by lower fuel surcharge revenues and an increase in the average length of haul.


Percentage of commodity group revenues                                                                                     2023              2022
Finished vehicles                                                                                                          93 %                93 %
Auto parts                                                                                                                  7%                  7%




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report    25
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Other revenues
                                                                                                                                                      % Change
                                                                                                                                                     at constant
                                                           Year ended December 31,               2023               2022           % Change             currency
Revenues (millions)                                                                     $         592      $         538                10%                  8%


Other revenues are derived from non-rail logistics services that support the Company's rail business including vessels and docks, transloading
and distribution, automotive logistics, and freight forwarding and transportation management.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, Other revenues increased by $54 million, or 10%, when compared to 2022, mainly due to higher vessel
and dock revenues from the iron ore supply chain, increased automotive logistics revenues and the positive impact of a weaker Canadian dollar;
partly offset by lower freight forwarding revenues.


Percentage of other revenues                                                                                                            2023               2022
Vessels and docks                                                                                                                       55 %                54 %
Other non-rail services                                                                                                                 37 %                38 %
Other revenues                                                                                                                           8%                  8%



Operating expenses

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, amounted to $10,231 million compared to $10,267 million in 2022. Operating
expenses remained flat mainly due to lower fuel prices; offset by the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar and higher labor
and fringe benefits expense mainly driven by general wage increases and higher average headcount.
                                                                                                                                                      % Change
                                                                                                                                                     at constant
In millions                                                Year ended December 31,               2023               2022           % Change          currency (1)
Labor and fringe benefits                                                               $       3,150      $       2,935                 (7%)               (6%)
Purchased services and material                                                                 2,254              2,191                 (3%)               (2%)
Fuel                                                                                            2,097              2,518                17%                 19%
Depreciation and amortization                                                                   1,817              1,729                 (5%)               (4%)
Equipment rents                                                                                   359                338                 (6%)               (3%)
Other                                                                                             554                556                 —%                  3%
Total operating expenses                                                                $      10,231      $      10,267                 —%                  2%

(1)    This non-GAAP measure does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
       companies. See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – Constant currency for an explanation of this non-GAAP measure.


                         Operating Expenses Mix                                                         Operating Expenses Mix

                  % of 2023 Total operating expenses                                            % of 2022 Total operating expenses

                                  Other 5%                                                                       Other 5%
                                                                                       Equipment rents 3%
        Equipment rents 4%

                                                          Labor and fringe           Depreciation and                                  Labor and fringe
  Depreciation and                                        benefits 31%               amortization                                      benefits 29%
  amortization                                                                       17%
  18%




              Fuel 20%                                                                      Fuel 25%
                                                     Purchased                                                                      Purchased
                                                     services and                                                                   services and
                                                     material 22%                                                                   material 21%



26     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Labor and fringe benefits
Labor and fringe benefits expense includes wages, payroll taxes and employee benefits such as incentive compensation, including stock-based
compensation, health and welfare, current service cost for pensions and postretirement benefits. Certain incentive compensation plans are
based mainly on financial performance targets and the related expense is recorded in relation to the attainment of such targets.


Labor and fringe benefits expense increased by $215 million, or 7%, in 2023 when compared to 2022. The increase was mainly due to higher
general wage increases, higher average headcount and the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar; partly offset by lower
pension expense, lower incentive compensation and the incremental wage accrual in 2022 for the agreements with the U.S unions.


Purchased services and material
Purchased services and material expense includes the cost of services purchased from outside contractors; materials used in the maintenance
of the Company's track, facilities and equipment; transportation and lodging for train crew employees; utility costs; and the net costs of
operating facilities jointly used by the Company and other railroads.


Purchased services and material expense increased by $63 million, or 3%, in 2023 when compared to 2022. The increase was mainly due to
higher contracted services, higher material costs and the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar; partly offset by lower freight
forwarding expense.


Fuel
Fuel expense includes fuel consumed by assets, including locomotives, vessels, vehicles and other equipment as well as federal, provincial and
state fuel taxes.


Fuel expense decreased by $421 million, or 17%, in 2023 when compared to 2022. The decrease was mainly due to lower fuel prices, lower
volumes and the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization expense includes the costs associated with the use of properties and intangible assets over their estimated
service lives. Depreciation expense is affected by capital additions, railroad property retirements from disposal, sale and/or abandonment and
other adjustments including asset impairments.


Depreciation and amortization expense increased by $88 million, or 5%, in 2023 when compared to 2022. The increase was mainly due to a
higher depreciable asset base and the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Equipment rents
Equipment rents expense includes rental expense for the use of freight cars owned by other railroads (car hire) or private companies and for the
lease of freight cars, locomotives and intermodal equipment, net of rental income from other railroads for the use of the Company's freight cars
(car hire) and locomotives.


Equipment rents expense increased by $21 million, or 6%, in 2023 when compared to 2022. The increase was mainly due to higher rail car lease
costs and the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Other
Other expense includes operating taxes; software, support and cloud computing costs; insurance; environmental; freight and property damage;
personal injury claims; travel expenses; advisory fees related to shareholder matters; bad debt; as well as other general expenses.


Other expense remained flat in 2023 when compared to 2022 mainly due to lower incident costs and advisory fees related to shareholder
matters of $22 million in 2022; offset by higher personal injury claim provisions, higher software and support costs and the negative translation
impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.




                                                                                                                    CN | 2023 Annual Report   27
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Other income and expenses

Interest expense
In 2023, Interest expense was $722 million compared to $548 million in 2022. The increase was mainly due to the higher average level of debt,
higher average interest rates and the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Other components of net periodic benefit income
In 2023, Other components of net periodic benefit income was $479 million compared to $498 million in 2022. The decrease was mainly due to
higher interest cost; partly offset by lower amortization of net actuarial loss and higher expected return on assets. These effects primarily
resulted from changes to discount rates, lower actual returns compared to expected returns, as well as an increase to the Company’s expected
long-term rate of return assumption in 2023.


Other income (loss)
In 2023, Other income was $134 million compared to Other loss of $27 million in 2022. The favorable variance of $161 million was mainly due
to a gain on disposal of property within the Bala Subdivision located in Markham and Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada of $129 million.


Income tax expense
In 2023, the Company recorded an income tax expense of $863 million compared to an income tax expense of $1,645 million in 2022.


In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company received a ruling from taxation authorities in a non-U.S. foreign jurisdiction in connection with prior
taxation years. Consistent with the ruling, and effective as of January 1, 2021, the Company has foregone favorable tax deductions of a
permanent nature on certain income generated from intercompany arrangements. This resulted in the Company generating tax-deductible
goodwill approximating the value of the foregone tax deductions, which is available to be amortized over a period of up to ten years.


As a result, the Company recorded a net deferred income tax recovery of $682 million, comprised of a $767 million deferred income tax
recovery related to the tax-deductible goodwill initially generated as of January 1, 2021, partly offset by a $85 million income tax expense
related to the foregone tax deduction ($31 million for 2023 and $54 million for prior years) which was initially recorded in current taxes and was
then reclassified to deferred taxes following the amortization of the tax-deductible goodwill for those years. As a result, the remaining deferred
income tax asset as at December 31, 2023 was $682 million, representing the tax impact of unamortized tax-deductible goodwill of $5.8 billion.


The effective tax rate for 2023 was 13.3% compared to 24.3% in 2022 and the adjusted effective tax rate for 2023 was 24.5%. (1)


In addition, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) finalized its Pillar Two guidelines on some key components
of global tax reform which include a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15% and the application of a top-up tax. These guidelines are
effective in 2024 and have been or are expected to be enacted in a number of OECD member countries, which include the main jurisdictions in
which CN operates (other than the U.S.), and as a result will affect the Company’s effective tax rate for 2024 and thereafter.


For 2024, the Company anticipates the estimated annual effective tax rate to be approximately 25.0%, and reflects the impacts of the foregone
tax deductions and the Pillar Two guidelines of approximately 0.5%.


The Company’s net income tax payments for taxation years 2021 to 2023 were not affected and are not expected to be affected for 2024 and
the next six years thereafter as a result of the tax-deductible goodwill available to be amortized in those years.


(1)   Adjusted effective tax rate is a non-GAAP measure, defined as Income tax expense, net of tax adjustments as presented in Adjusted performance measures as a
      percentage of Income before taxes, net of pre-tax adjustments as presented in Adjusted performance measures. This measure does not have any standard meaning
      prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to a similar measure presented by other companies.




28     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


2022 Results of operations

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $17,107 million compared to $14,477 million in 2021. The increase of $2,630 million, or
18%, was mainly attributable to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, freight rate increases, the positive translation
impact of a weaker Canadian dollar, higher Canadian export volumes of coal via west coast ports and higher volumes of U.S. grain; partly offset
by lower international container traffic volumes via the port of Vancouver as a result of supply chain congestion and significantly lower export
volumes of Canadian grain in the first half of 2022.


Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $10,267 million compared to $8,861 million in 2021. The increase of $1,406
million, or 16%, was mainly as a result of higher fuel prices, the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar as well the recovery of
the loss on assets held for sale of $137 million recorded in the first quarter of 2021 resulting from the Company entering into an agreement for
the sale of non-core lines; partly offset by transaction-related costs of $84 million recorded in the third quarter of 2021 resulting from the
terminated CN Merger Agreement with KCS.


Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by $1,224 million, or 22%, to $6,840 million, when compared to the same
period in 2021. The operating ratio was 60.0% in 2022, compared to 61.2% in 2021, a 1.2-point improvement.


Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $5,118 million, an increase of $219 million, or 4%, when compared to 2021, and diluted
earnings per share increased by 8% to $7.44. The increase was mainly driven by higher operating income in 2022, partly offset by a merger
termination fee of $886 million ($770 million after-tax) received from KCS in 2021.


Assets held for sale
In the first quarter of 2021, CN entered into an agreement with a short line operator, for the sale of non-core lines in Wisconsin, Michigan and
Ontario representing 850 miles that were classified as assets held for sale plus an additional 50 miles of track and roadway assets, resulting in
a $137 million recovery ($102 million after-tax) of the $486 million loss ($363 million after-tax) recorded in the second quarter of 2020 to adjust
the carrying amount of the track and roadway assets to their then estimated net selling price.


In the fourth quarter of 2021, the STB approved the Company's agreement with the short line operator without condition and the transaction
closed in the first quarter of 2022 for proceeds of $273 million.




                                                                                                                      CN | 2023 Annual Report   29
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Constant currency
Financial results at constant currency allow results to be viewed without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, thereby
facilitating period-to-period comparisons in the analysis of trends in business performance. Measures at constant currency are considered non-
GAAP measures and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures
presented by other companies. Financial results at constant currency are obtained by translating the current period results denominated in US
dollars at the weighted average foreign exchange rates used to translate transactions denominated in US dollars of the comparable period of
the prior year.


The average foreign exchange rates were $1.301 and $1.254 per US$1.00, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

On a constant currency basis, the Company's Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have been lower by $90 million ($0.13
per diluted share).


The following table provides a reconciliation of the impact of constant currency and related percentage change at constant currency on the
financial results, as reported for the year ended December 31, 2022:
                                                                                                                                   % Change at
                                                                                                                                      constant
                                                                                                     Constant                         currency
In millions, except per share data                    Year ended December 31,        2022     currency impact          2021         Fav (Unfav)
Revenues
     Petroleum and chemicals                                                    $    3,229      $        (74)   $      2,816              12%
     Metals and minerals                                                             1,911               (57)          1,548              20%
     Forest products                                                                 2,006               (57)          1,740              12%
     Coal                                                                              937               (11)            618              50%
     Grain and fertilizers                                                           2,783               (56)          2,475              10%
     Intermodal                                                                      4,906               (58)          4,115              18%
     Automotive                                                                        797               (24)            576              34%
Total freight revenues                                                              16,569              (337)         13,888              17%
Other revenues                                                                         538               (15)            589              (11%)
Total revenues                                                                      17,107              (352)         14,477              16%
Operating expenses
     Labor and fringe benefits                                                       2,935               (43)          2,879               —%
     Purchased services and material                                                 2,191               (33)          2,082               (4%)
     Fuel                                                                            2,518               (88)          1,513              (61%)
     Depreciation and amortization                                                   1,729               (25)          1,598               (7%)
     Equipment rents                                                                   338               (10)            336                2%
     Other                                                                             556               (15)            506               (7%)
     Recovery of loss on assets held for sale                                            —                 —           (137)            (100%)
     Transaction-related costs                                                           —                 —              84             100%
Total operating expenses                                                            10,267              (214)          8,861              (13%)
Operating income                                                                     6,840              (138)          5,616              19%
Interest expense                                                                     (548)                18           (610)              13%
Other components of net periodic benefit income                                        498                 —             407              22%
Merger termination fee                                                                   —                 —             886            (100%)
Other income (loss)                                                                    (27)                —              43            (163%)
Income before income taxes                                                           6,763              (120)          6,342                5%
Income tax expense                                                                  (1,645)               30          (1,443)             (12%)
Net income                                                                      $    5,118      $        (90)   $      4,899                3%
Diluted earnings per share                                                      $     7.44      $      (0.13)   $       6.90                6%




30     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Revenues
                                                                                                                                                         % Change
                                                                                                                                                        at constant
In millions, unless otherwise indicated                     Year ended December 31,               2022                2021           % Change           currency (1)
Freight revenues                                                                        $       16,569      $       13,888                 19%                 17%
Other revenues                                                                                      538                 589                 (9%)              (11%)
Total revenues                                                                          $       17,107      $       14,477                 18%                 16%
Freight revenues
      Petroleum and chemicals                                                           $         3,229     $         2,816                15%                 12%
      Metals and minerals                                                                         1,911               1,548                23%                 20%
      Forest products                                                                             2,006               1,740                15%                 12%
      Coal                                                                                          937                 618                52%                 50%
      Grain and fertilizers                                                                       2,783               2,475                12%                 10%
      Intermodal                                                                                  4,906               4,115                19%                 18%
      Automotive                                                                                    797                 576                38%                 34%
Total freight revenues                                                                  $       16,569      $       13,888                 19%                 17%
Revenue ton miles (RTMs) (millions)                                                            235,788             233,138                   1%                  1%
Freight revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                        7.03                5.96                18%                 15%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                              5,697               5,701                 —%                  —%
Freight revenue/carload ($)                                                                       2,908               2,436                19%                 17%

(1)    This non-GAAP measure does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
       companies. See the section of this MD&A entitled 2022 Results of operations – Constant currency for an explanation of this non-GAAP measure.


Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled $17,107 million compared to $14,477 million in 2021. The increase of $2,630 million, or
18%, was mainly attributable to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, freight rate increases, the positive translation
impact of a weaker Canadian dollar, higher Canadian export volumes of coal via west coast ports and higher volumes of U.S. grain; partly offset
by lower international container traffic volumes via the port of Vancouver as a result of supply chain congestion and significantly lower export
volumes of Canadian grain in the first half of 2022.


Fuel surcharge revenues increased by $1,592 million in 2022, mainly as a result of higher fuel prices.


In 2022, RTMs, measuring the weight and distance of freight transported by the Company, increased by 1% relative to 2021. Freight revenue per
RTM increased by 18% in 2022 when compared to 2021, mainly driven by higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, freight
rate increases, a decrease in the average length of haul and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Petroleum and chemicals
                                                                                                                                                         % Change
                                                                                                                                                        at constant
                                                            Year ended December 31,               2022                2021           % Change              currency
Revenues (millions)                                                                     $        3,229      $        2,816                 15%                 12%
RTMs (millions)                                                                                 46,273              42,436                  9%                  9%
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                               6.98                6.64                  5%                  3%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                               636                 596                  7%                  7%
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                              5,077               4,725                  7%                  5%



For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues for this commodity group increased by $413 million, or 15%, when compared to 2021, mainly
due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, increased volumes of refined petroleum products, natural gas liquids and petroleum crude, freight rate
increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Revenue per RTM increased by 5% in 2022 when compared to 2021, mainly due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, freight rate increases and the
positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.




                                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report     31
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Metals and minerals
                                                                                                                                   % Change
                                                                                                                                  at constant
                                                    Year ended December 31,          2022              2021       % Change           currency
Revenues (millions)                                                           $     1,911     $       1,548            23%               20%
RTMs (millions)                                                                    27,606            26,743             3%                3%
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                   6.92             5.79            20%               16%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                  956               969             (1%)             (1%)
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                 1,999             1,598            25%               21%



For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues for this commodity group increased by $363 million, or 23%, when compared to 2021, mainly
due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, freight rate increases, the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar, more revenue
generating moves of empty customer-owned cars and increased volumes of frac sand.


Revenue per RTM increased by 20% in 2022 when compared to 2021, mainly due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, freight rate increases, the
positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar, and more revenue generating moves of empty customer-owned cars; partly offset by an
increase in the average length of haul.


Forest products
                                                                                                                                   % Change
                                                                                                                                  at constant
                                                    Year ended December 31,          2022              2021       % Change           currency
Revenues (millions)                                                           $     2,006     $       1,740            15%               12%
RTMs (millions)                                                                    25,020            25,948             (4%)             (4%)
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                   8.02             6.71            20%               16%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                  330               339             (3%)             (3%)
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                 6,079             5,133            18%               15%


For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues for this commodity group increased by $266 million, or 15%, when compared to 2021, mainly
due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, freight rate increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar; partly offset by
lower volumes of lumber and woodpulp as a result of continuing supply chain challenges.


Revenue per RTM increased by 20% in 2022 when compared to 2021, mainly due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, freight rate increases and the
positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Coal
                                                                                                                                   % Change
                                                                                                                                  at constant
                                                    Year ended December 31,          2022              2021       % Change           currency
Revenues (millions)                                                           $       937     $         618            52%               50%
RTMs (millions)                                                                    22,679            18,471            23%               23%
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                   4.13             3.35            23%               22%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                  503               379            33%               33%
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                 1,863             1,631            14%               13%



For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues for this commodity group increased by $319 million, or 52%, when compared to 2021, mainly
due to higher Canadian export volumes of thermal and metallurgical coal via west coast ports due to the re-opening of two mines in November
2021 and favorable market conditions due to rising energy prices, as well as higher fuel surcharge revenue.


Revenue per RTM increased by 23% in 2022 when compared to 2021, mainly due to higher fuel surcharge revenue and a decrease in the
average length of haul.




32     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Grain and fertilizers
                                                                                                                                       % Change
                                                                                                                                      at constant
                                                    Year ended December 31,           2022                2021        % Change           currency
Revenues (millions)                                                           $       2,783    $        2,475              12%                 10%
RTMs (millions)                                                                      55,359           58,733               (6%)                (6%)
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                    5.03                4.21            19%                 17%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                   614                 628             (2%)                (2%)
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                   4,533             3,941              15%                 13%


For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues for this commodity group increased by $308 million, or 12%, when compared to 2021, mainly
due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, freight rate increases and increased volumes of U.S. grain and the positive translation impact of a weaker
Canadian dollar; partly offset by significantly lower export volumes of Canadian grain in the first half of 2022 compared to record volumes in the
prior year and reduced potash shipments.


Revenue per RTM increased by 19% in 2022 when compared to 2021, mainly due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, freight rate increases, a
decrease in the average length of haul and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Intermodal
                                                                                                                                       % Change
                                                                                                                                      at constant
                                                    Year ended December 31,           2022                2021        % Change           currency
Revenues (millions)                                                           $       4,906    $        4,115              19%                 18%
RTMs (millions)                                                                      56,029           58,412               (4%)                (4%)
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                    8.76                7.04            24%                 23%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                  2,450             2,611              (6%)                (6%)
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                   2,002             1,576              27%                 26%


For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues for this commodity group increased by $791 million, or 19%, when compared to 2021, mainly
due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, an increase in ancillary services including container storage, freight rate increases and the positive
translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar; partly offset by lower international container traffic volumes via the port of Vancouver as a
result of supply chain congestion.


Revenue per RTM increased by 24% in 2022 when compared to 2021, mainly due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, an increase in ancillary
services including container storage, freight rate increases and the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Automotive
                                                                                                                                       % Change
                                                                                                                                      at constant
                                                    Year ended December 31,           2022                2021        % Change           currency
Revenues (millions)                                                           $        797     $           576             38%                 34%
RTMs (millions)                                                                       2,822             2,395              18%                 18%
Revenue/RTM (cents)                                                                   28.24             24.05              17%                 14%
Carloads (thousands)                                                                   208                 179             16%                 16%
Revenue/carload ($)                                                                   3,832             3,218              19%                 15%



For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues for this commodity group increased by $221 million, or 38%, when compared to 2021, mainly
due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, higher volumes of finished vehicles, the positive translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar and
freight rate increases.


Revenue per RTM increased by 17% in 2022 when compared to 2021, mainly due to higher fuel surcharge revenue, the positive translation
impact of a weaker Canadian dollar, a decrease in the average length of haul and freight rate increases.




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report    33
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Other revenues
                                                                                                                                                      % Change
                                                                                                                                                     at constant
                                                           Year ended December 31,               2022               2021           % Change             currency
Revenues (millions)                                                                    $          538     $          589                 (9%)              (11%)



For the year ended December 31, 2022, Other revenues decreased by $51 million, or 9%, when compared to 2021, mainly due to lower revenues
for international freight forwarding as a result of closing down CN Worldwide.


Operating expenses
Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to $10,267 million compared to $8,861 million in 2021. The increase of
$1,406 million, or 16%,was mainly as a result of higher fuel prices, the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar as well the
Recovery of the loss on assets held for sale of $137 million recorded in the first quarter of 2021 resulting from the Company entering into an
agreement for the sale of non-core lines; partly offset by Transaction-related costs of $84 million recorded in the third quarter of 2021 resulting
from the terminated CN Merger Agreement with KCS.


                                                                                                                                                      % Change
                                                                                                                                                     at constant
In millions                                                Year ended December 31,               2022               2021           % Change          currency (1)
Labor and fringe benefits                                                              $        2,935     $        2,879                 (2%)                —%
Purchased services and material                                                                 2,191              2,082                 (5%)               (4%)
Fuel                                                                                            2,518              1,513                (66%)              (61%)
Depreciation and amortization                                                                   1,729              1,598                 (8%)               (7%)
Equipment rents                                                                                   338                336                 (1%)                2%
Other                                                                                             556                506                (10%)               (7%)
Recovery of the loss on assets held for sale                                                        —               (137)             (100%)              (100%)
Transaction-related costs                                                                           —                  84              100%                100%
Total operating expenses                                                               $      10,267      $        8,861                (16%)              (13%)

(1)    This non-GAAP measure does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
       companies. See the section of this MD&A entitled 2022 Results of operations – Constant currency for an explanation of this non-GAAP measure.


Labor and fringe benefits
Labor and fringe benefits expense increased by $56 million, or 2%, in 2022 when compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to general
wage increases, an incremental wage accrual for the tentative agreements with the U.S. unions and the negative translation impact of a weaker
Canadian dollar; partly offset by lower average headcount, lower pension expense and employee termination benefits and severance costs
related to a workforce reduction program in the third quarter of 2021.

Purchased services and material
Purchased services and material expense increased by $109 million, or 5%, in 2022 when compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to
higher material costs, the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar and higher snow clearing and utility costs driven by harsher
winter operating conditions; partly offset by lower international freight forwarding expense as a result of closing down CN Worldwide.


Fuel
Fuel expense increased by $1,005 million, or 66%, in 2022 when compared to 2021. The increase was mainly as a result of higher fuel prices
and the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization expense increased by $131 million, or 8%, in 2022 when compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to a
higher depreciable asset base and the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Equipment rents
Equipment rents expense increased by $2 million, or 1%, in 2022 when compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to the negative
translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar; partly offset by higher locomotive horsepower-hour income.



34     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Other
Other expense increased by $50 million, or 10% in 2022 when compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to higher cloud computing costs,
travel costs and operating taxes as well as the negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar; partly offset by higher passenger train
recoveries.

Recovery of loss on assets held for sale
Recovery of loss on assets held for sale of $137 million in the first quarter of 2021 resulting from the Company entering into an agreement with
a short line operator, for the sale of non-core lines in Wisconsin, Michigan and Ontario representing 850 miles that were classified as assets
held for sale plus an additional 50 miles of track and roadway assets. See Note 6 – Assets held for sale to the Company's 2022 Annual
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.


Transaction-related costs
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred transaction costs related to the terminated CN Merger Agreement of $84 million,
consisting of $125 million of transaction-related costs; US$700 million ($845 million) paid to KCS and reported as an advance to KCS in the
second quarter and expensed in the third quarter; and the related refund received of US$700 million ($886 million) in the third quarter. See Note
4 – Acquisition to the Company's 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Other income and expenses
Interest expense
In 2022, Interest expense was $548 million compared to $610 million in 2021. The decrease was mainly due to amortization of bridge financing
and other fees of $97 million recorded in 2021 (see Note 4 – Acquisition to the Company's 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information); partly offset by a higher average level of debt and a negative translation impact of a weaker Canadian dollar.


Other components of net periodic benefit income
In 2022, Other components of net periodic benefit income was $498 million compared to $407 million in 2021. The increase was mainly due to
lower amortization of net actuarial loss and higher expected return on assets; partly offset by higher interest cost.


Merger termination fee
In 2021, the Company received a US$700 million ($886 million) termination fee resulting from KCS terminating the CN Merger Agreement and
entering into a merger agreement with CP. See Note 4 – Acquisition to the Company's 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.


Other income (loss)
In 2022, Other loss was $27 million compared to Other income of $43 million in 2021. The unfavorable variance was mainly due to fluctuations
in the fair value of an equity investment in autonomous driving technology.


Income tax expense
In 2022, the Company recorded an income tax expense of $1,645 million compared to an income tax expense of $1,443 million in 2021.


The effective tax rate for 2022 was 24.3% compared to 22.8% in 2021. The increase in the effective tax rate was mainly attributable to the
merger termination fee, transaction-related costs, and bridge financing and other fees resulting from the KCS transaction recorded in the 2021
Consolidated Statements of Income, taxed at a lower inclusion rate.




                                                                                                                        CN | 2023 Annual Report   35
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Summary of quarterly financial data
                                                                            2023                                                           2022
                                                                          Quarters                                                       Quarters
In millions, except per share data                     Fourth           Third          Second           First         Fourth           Third          Second            First
Revenues                                           $    4,471      $   3,987       $    4,057      $   4,313      $    4,542      $    4,513      $    4,344      $   3,708
Operating income (1)                               $    1,818      $   1,517       $    1,600      $   1,662      $    1,912      $    1,932      $    1,769      $   1,227
              (1)
Net income                                         $    2,130      $   1,108       $    1,167      $   1,220      $    1,420      $    1,455      $    1,325      $     918
Basic earnings per share                           $     3.30      $     1.69      $     1.76      $    1.83      $     2.10      $     2.13      $     1.92      $    1.31
Diluted earnings per share (1)                     $     3.29      $     1.69      $     1.76      $    1.82      $     2.10      $     2.13      $     1.92      $    1.31
Dividends per share                                $ 0.7900        $ 0.7900        $ 0.7900        $ 0.7900       $ 0.7325        $ 0.7325        $ 0.7325        $ 0.7325

(1)   Certain quarters include items that management believes do not necessarily arise as part of CN's normal day-to-day operations and can distort the analysis of trends in
      business performance. See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – Adjusted performance measures for additional information on these items.


Revenues generated by the Company during the year are influenced by seasonal weather conditions, general economic conditions, cyclical
demand for rail transportation and competitive forces in the transportation marketplace (see the section entitled Business risks of this MD&A
for additional information). Operating expenses reflect the impact of freight volumes, seasonal weather conditions, labor costs, fuel prices, and
the Company's productivity initiatives. Fluctuations in the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar have also affected the conversion of the
Company's US dollar-denominated revenues and expenses and resulted in fluctuations in Net income in the rolling eight quarters presented
above.



2023 Fourth quarter operating results

Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $4,471 million compared to $4,542 million in 2022. The decrease of $71 million, or 2%, was mainly
due to lower shipments of intermodal and grain, primarily as a result of weaker demand for freight services to move consumer goods, the
lingering negative impact of the Canadian West Coast dock workers strike and increased global grain supply; as well as lower container storage
fees and lower fuel surcharge revenues as a result of lower fuel prices; partly offset by freight rate increases and higher shipments of potash,
natural gas liquids and refined petroleum products.


Fuel surcharge revenues decreased by $114 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 when compared to 2022, mainly due to lower fuel prices.


Operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2023 increased by $23 million, or 1%, to $2,653 million, when compared to the same period in
2022. The increase was mainly due to higher Labor and fringe benefits expense mainly driven by general wage increases and higher average
headcount and higher personal injury and legal claim provisions; partly offset by lower fuel prices.


Operating income for the fourth quarter of 2023 decreased by $94 million, or 5%, to $1,818 million, when compared to the same period in 2022.
The operating ratio was 59.3% in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to 57.9% in the fourth quarter of 2022, a 1.4-point increase.


Net income for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $2,130 million, an increase of $710 million, or 50%, when compared to the same period in 2022,
and diluted earnings per share increased by 57% to $3.29. The increase was mainly due to a net deferred income tax recovery of $713 million
resulting from tax filings consistent with a ruling that the Company received in a non-U.S. foreign jurisdiction in connection with prior taxation
years.




36     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Financial position

The following tables provide an analysis of the Company's balance sheet as at December 31, 2023 as compared to 2022. Assets and liabilities
denominated in US dollars have been translated to Canadian dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. As at
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the foreign exchange rates were $1.3243 and $1.3554 per US$1.00, respectively.


In millions              As at December 31,        2023         2022        Variance Explanation of variance
Total assets                                  $   52,666   $   50,662   $     2,004
   Cash and cash equivalents and                    924          834             90 Refer to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of the
    restricted cash and cash                                                        Company’s 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.
    equivalents
   Other current assets, excluding cash            2,165        2,383          (218) Decrease primarily due to lower accounts receivable, prepaid
    and cash equivalents and restricted                                              expenses and income taxes receivable.
    cash and cash equivalents
   Properties                                     44,617       43,537         1,080 See the section of this MD&A entitled Liquidity and capital
                                                                                    resources - Investing activities, increase primarily due to gross
                                                                                    property additions of $3,217 million, partly offset by
                                                                                    depreciation of $1,811 million and the effect of foreign
                                                                                    exchange.
   Operating lease right-of-use-assets              424          470            (46) Decrease primarily due to lower lease renewals.
   Pension asset                                   3,140        3,033           107 Increase primarily due to actual returns of $1,867 million, partly
                                                                                    offset by actuarial losses arising from the reduction in the year-
                                                                                    end discount rate from 5.26% to 4.64% of $1,013 million,
                                                                                    interest cost of $671 million and current service cost of $78
                                                                                    million.
   Deferred income tax assets                       682            —            682 Represents the tax impact of unamortized tax-deductible
                                                                                    goodwill.
   Intangible assets, goodwill and other            714          405            309 Increase primarily due to the acquisition of the shares of IANR.
                                                                                    See Note 4 - Business acquisitions and combinations to the
                                                                                    Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for
                                                                                    additional information.
Total liabilities and shareholders'
equity                                        $   52,666   $   50,662   $     2,004
   Accounts payable and other                      2,578        2,660           (82) Decrease primarily due to timing of payments for payroll-related
    excluding current portion of                                                     accruals, partly offset by higher accrued charges.
    operating lease liabilities
   Deferred income tax liabilities                10,066        9,796           270 Increase primarily due to a deferred income tax expense of
                                                                                    $394 million recorded in Net income, partly offset by a foreign
                                                                                    exchange loss of $100 million and a deferred income tax
                                                                                    recovery of $29 million recorded in Other comprehensive
                                                                                    income. The deferred income expense and recovery were
                                                                                    mostly attributable to new temporary differences generated
                                                                                    during the year.
   Other liabilities and deferred credits           522          441             81 Increase primarily due to higher contract liabilities and higher
                                                                                    provisions for personal injury and other claims.

   Pension and other postretirement                 495          486              9 Increase primarily due to interest cost of $39 million, actuarial
    benefits                                                                        losses arising from the reduction in year-end discount rates of
                                                                                    $24 million, partly offset by actual returns of $25 million and
                                                                                    employer contributions of $25 million.
   Total long-term debt, including the            18,473       15,429         3,044 See the section of this MD&A entitled Liquidity and capital
    current portion                                                                 resources - Financing activities, increase primarily due to the
                                                                                    issuance of Notes and the net issuance of commercial paper,
                                                                                    partly offset by the effect of foreign exchange.
   Operating lease liabilities including            415          466            (51) Decrease primarily due to lower lease renewals.
    the current portion

   Total shareholders' equity                     20,117       21,384         (1,267) Refer to the Consolidated Statements of Changes in
                                                                                      Shareholders’ Equity of the Company’s 2023 Annual
                                                                                      Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                        CN | 2023 Annual Report    37
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Liquidity and capital resources

The Company's principal source of liquidity is cash generated from operations, which is supplemented by borrowings in the money markets and
capital markets. To meet its short-term liquidity needs, the Company has access to various financing sources, including unsecured revolving
credit facilities, commercial paper programs, and an accounts receivable securitization program. In addition to these sources, the Company can
use equipment loans or issue debt securities to meet its longer-term liquidity needs. The strong focus on cash generation from all sources
gives the Company increased flexibility in terms of meeting its financing requirements.


The Company's primary short-term and long-term cash requirements are discussed below:
•     Short-term cash requirements: includes working capital requirements, such as labor and fringe benefits, fuel, income tax instalments,
      pension contributions, and contractual obligations; interest and principal payments on current debt financing; dividends; and share
      repurchases.
•     Long-term cash requirements: includes capital expenditures relating to track infrastructure and other, interest and principal repayments of
      long-term debt financing, operating and finance lease obligations; business acquisitions and long-term contractual obligations.


The Company sets priorities on its uses of available funds based on short-term operational requirements, expenditures to continue to operate a
safe railway and pursue strategic initiatives, while also considering its long-term contractual obligations and returning value to its shareholders;
and as part of its financing strategy, the Company regularly reviews its capital structure, cost of capital, and the need for additional debt
financing. For a summary of short-term and long-term contractual obligations, including material cash requirements related to such obligations,
refer to the table within this section entitled Contractual obligations.


The Company has a working capital deficit, which is common in the capital-intensive rail industry, and is not an indication of a lack of liquidity.
The Company maintains adequate resources to meet daily cash requirements, and has sufficient financial capacity to manage its day-to-day
cash requirements and current obligations. As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had Cash and cash equivalents of $475 million
and $328 million, respectively; Restricted cash and cash equivalents of $449 million and $506 million, respectively; and a working capital deficit
of $1,946 million and $625 million, respectively. (1) The increase in the working capital deficit was mainly due to higher commercial paper. The
cash and cash equivalents pledged as collateral for a minimum term of one month pursuant to the Company's bilateral letter of credit facilities
are recorded as Restricted cash and cash equivalents. There are currently no specific requirements relating to working capital other than in the
normal course of business as discussed herein.


The Company's U.S. and other foreign subsidiaries maintain sufficient cash to meet their respective operational requirements. If the Company
should require more liquidity in Canada than is generated by its domestic operations, the Company could decide to repatriate funds associated
with undistributed earnings of its foreign operations, including its U.S. and other foreign subsidiaries. The impact on liquidity resulting from the
repatriation of funds held outside Canada would not be significant as such repatriation of funds would not cause significant tax implications to
the Company under the tax laws of Canada and the U.S. and other foreign tax jurisdictions, and the tax treaties currently in effect between them.


The Company expects cash from operations and its various sources of financing to be sufficient to meet its ongoing obligations. The Company
is not aware of any trends or expected fluctuations in its liquidity that would impact its ongoing operations or financial condition as of the date
of this MD&A.


(1)   The Company defines working capital as current assets of $3,089 million (2022 - $3,217 million) less current liabilities of $5,035 million (2022 - $3,842 million).


Available financing sources


Shelf prospectus and registration statement
On May 4, 2022, the Company filed a shelf prospectus with Canadian securities regulators and a registration statement with the SEC, pursuant
to which CN may issue up to $6.0 billion of debt securities in the Canadian and U.S. capital markets over a 25-month period following the filing
date. This shelf prospectus and registration statement replaced CN's previous shelf prospectus and registration statement that expired on
March 11, 2022.


As at December 31, 2023, the remaining capacity of this shelf prospectus and registration statement was $1.5 billion. Access to the Canadian
and U.S. capital markets under the shelf prospectus and registration statement is dependent on market conditions.



38     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Company's access to long-term funds in the capital markets depends on its credit ratings and market conditions. The Company believes
that it continues to have access to the capital markets. If the Company were unable to borrow funds at acceptable rates in the capital markets,
the Company could borrow under its credit facilities, draw down on its accounts receivable securitization program, access the pledged cash
under its letter of credit facilities, raise cash by disposing of surplus properties or otherwise monetizing assets, reduce discretionary spending
or take a combination of these measures to assure that it has adequate funding for its business.


Revolving credit facilities
The Company has unsecured revolving credit facilities with a consortium of lenders. The unsecured credit facility of $2.5 billion is available for
general corporate purposes and backstopping the Company's commercial paper programs. The facility consists of two tranches of $1.25 billion
and was amended on March 17, 2023 to extend its tenor by one year to March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2028. This revolving credit facility
agreement is structured as a sustainability linked loan whereby its applicable margins are adjusted up or down based on the Company's
performance under certain sustainability targets. The unsecured credit facility of $1.0 billion is available for general corporate purposes and
was amended on March 17, 2023 to extend its tenor by one year to March 17, 2025. Both credit facilities provide borrowings at various
benchmark interest rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR), plus applicable
margins, based on CN's credit ratings. The facilities were also amended in March 2023 to include fallback language that addresses the
cessation of CDOR and adoption of the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (CORRA) as the alternative benchmark.


As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under these revolving credit facilities.

Equipment loans
The Company has various secured non-revolving term loan credit facilities for financing or refinancing the purchase of equipment. The
equipment loans made under the non-revolving credit facilities have a tenor at inception varying from 15 to 20 years and are secured by rolling
stock.


On March 31, 2023, the Company entered into new loan supplements to the existing agreement for an additional principal amount of US$304
million, which is available to be drawn, in Canadian or U.S. dollars, through March 31, 2024. On November 3, 2023, the Company entered into a
new term loan facility for a principal amount of $366 million, which is available to be drawn through November 4, 2024. Borrowings under the
non-revolving term loan facilities are provided at SOFR and/or CDOR, plus applicable margins. On March 31, 2023, outstanding loans
referencing the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), were transitioned to SOFR. The facilities also include fallback language that addressed
the cessation of CDOR and adoption of CORRA as the alternative benchmark. The Company made no draws under these facilities in 2023.

As at December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding borrowings of $677 million (2022 - $734 million) and had $769 million (2022 - $nil)
available to be drawn under this these facilities.


Commercial paper
The Company has a commercial paper program in Canada and in the U.S. Both programs are backstopped by the Company's revolving credit
facility. The maximum aggregate principal amount of commercial paper that can be issued is $2.5 billion, or the US dollar equivalent, on a
combined basis. The commercial paper programs, which are subject to market rates in effect at the time of financing, provide the Company
with a flexible financing alternative, and can be used for general corporate purposes. The cost of commercial paper and access to the
commercial paper market in Canada and the U.S. are dependent on credit ratings and market conditions. If the Company were to lose access to
its commercial paper program for an extended period of time, the Company could rely on its revolving credit facilities to meet its short-term
liquidity needs.


As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had total commercial paper borrowings of US$1,360 million ($1,801 million) and US$594
million ($805 million), respectively, presented in Current portion of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


Accounts receivable securitization program
The Company has an agreement to sell an undivided co-ownership interest in a revolving pool of accounts receivable to unrelated trusts for
maximum cash proceeds of $450 million. On January 19, 2023, the Company extended the term of its agreement by one year to February 1,
2025. The trusts are multi-seller trusts and the Company is not the primary beneficiary. Funding for the acquisition of these assets is
customarily through the issuance of asset-backed commercial paper notes by the unrelated trusts.




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report   39
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Company has retained the responsibility for servicing, administering and collecting the receivables sold. The average servicing period is
approximately one month and the interest on borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization program is renewed based on
commercial paper rates then in effect or SOFR or CDOR if the commercial paper market is inaccessible and includes fallback language that
allows for the succession of CDOR to an alternative rate consistent with market convention. Subject to customary indemnifications, each trust's
recourse is limited to the accounts receivable transferred.


The accounts receivable securitization program provides the Company with readily available short-term financing for general corporate use. In
the event the program is terminated before its scheduled maturity, the Company expects to meet its future payment obligations through its
various sources of financing including its revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program, and/or access to capital markets.


As at December 31, 2023, and 2022 the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization program.


Bilateral letter of credit facilities
The Company has a series of committed and uncommitted bilateral letter of credit facility agreements. On March 17, 2023, the Company
extended the maturity date of its committed bilateral letter of credit facility agreements to April 28, 2026. The agreements are held with various
banks to support the Company's requirements to post letters of credit in the ordinary course of business. Under these agreements, the
Company has the option from time to time to pledge collateral in the form of cash or cash equivalents, for a minimum term of one month, equal
to at least the face value of the letters of credit issued.


As at December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding letters of credit of $337 million (2022 - $396 million) under the committed facilities
from a total available amount of $361 million (2022 - $470 million) and $152 million (2022 - $100 million) under the uncommitted facilities.


As at December 31, 2023, included in Restricted cash and cash equivalents was $339 million (2022 - $397 million) pledged as collateral under
the committed bilateral letter of credit facilities, $100 million (2022 - $100 million) pledged as collateral under the uncommitted bilateral letter
of credit facilities, and $10 million (2022 - $9 million) held in escrow.


Additional information relating to the Company's financing sources is provided in Note 16 – Debt to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated
Financial Statements.


Credit ratings
The Company's ability to access funding in the debt capital markets and the cost and amount of funding available depends in part on its credit
ratings. Rating downgrades could limit the Company's access to the capital markets, or increase its borrowing costs.


In the second quarter of 2023 the rating agencies took the following actions:
•     DBRS maintained the outlook at stable and confirmed CN's long-term and short-term ratings at current levels at A and R-1 (low).
•     Moody's Investors Service changed their outlook from negative to stable and confirmed the long-term and short-term debt ratings at A2
      and P-1 respectively.
•     S&P Global Ratings changed their outlook from negative to stable and downgraded the long-term debt rating from A to A- and the
      commercial paper rating from A-1 to A-2.


The following table provides the Company's long-term debt and commercial paper credit ratings as of the date of this MD&A:

                                                                     Outlook                        Long-term debt rating (1)              Commercial paper rating (1)
DBRS Morningstar                                                      Stable                                  A                                   R-1 (low)
Moody's Investors Service                                             Stable                                  A2                                     P-1
S&P Global Ratings                                                    Stable                                  A-                                     A-2

(1)   These credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell the securities referred to above. Ratings may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the credit
      rating agencies. Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any other credit rating.




40     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Cash flows

In millions                                                                        Year ended December 31,                2023                 2022             Variance
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                       $         6,965      $         6,667     $           298
Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                    (3,468)              (2,510)               (958)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                                                    (3,406)              (4,667)              1,261
Effect of foreign exchange fluctuations on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and
   restricted cash equivalents                                                                                                (1)                  3                   (4)
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and
  restricted cash equivalents                                                                                                90                 (507)                597
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents,
  beginning of year                                                                                                         834                1,341                (507)
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of year                           $           924      $          834      $             90


Free cash flow
Free cash flow is a useful measure of liquidity as it demonstrates the Company's ability to generate cash for debt obligations and for
discretionary uses such as payment of dividends, share repurchases and strategic opportunities. The Company defines its free cash flow
measure as the difference between net cash provided by operating activities and net cash used in investing activities, adjusted for the impact of
(i) business acquisitions and combinations and (ii) merger transaction-related payments, cash receipts and cash income taxes, which are items
that are not indicative of operating trends. Free cash flow does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not
be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.


The following table provides a reconciliation of Net cash provided by operating activities in accordance with GAAP, as reported for the years
ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, to the non-GAAP free cash flow presented herein:

In millions                                                                        Year ended December 31,                2023                 2022                 2021
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                       $         6,965      $         6,667     $         6,971
Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                    (3,468)              (2,510)             (2,873)
Net cash provided before financing activities                                                                             3,497                4,157               4,098
Adjustments:
      Business acquisitions and combinations (1)                                                                            390                    —                   —
      Cash income taxes for merger transaction-related payments and cash receipts (2)                                         —                 102                    —
      Transaction-related costs (3)                                                                                           —                    —                 125
      Advance for acquisition (4)                                                                                             —                    —                 845
      Refund of advance for acquisition (4)                                                                                   —                    —                (886)
      Merger termination fee (4)                                                                                              —                    —                (886)
Total adjustments                                                                                               $           390      $          102      $          (802)
Free cash flow                                                                                                  $         3,887      $         4,259     $         3,296

(1)    Relates to the acquisition of the shares of Iowa Northern Railway Company for $312 million and the business combination of Cape Breton & Central Nova Scotia Railway
       for $78 million. See Note 4 – Business acquisitions and combinations to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(2)    Relates to income tax payments of $102 million for KCS merger transaction-related payments and cash receipts. See Note 4 – Business acquisitions and combinations to
       the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(3)    Relates to transaction-related costs of $125 million paid. See Note 4 – Business acquisitions and combinations to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial
       Statements for additional information.
(4)    See Note 4 – Business acquisitions and combinations to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.


Operating activities
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $298 million in 2023 when compared to 2022, mainly due to the reduction in accounts
receivable and lower income tax payments; partly offset by lower cash earnings.




                                                                                                                                         CN | 2023 Annual Report       41
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Pension contributions
The Company's contributions to its various defined benefit pension plans are made in accordance with the applicable legislation in Canada and
the U.S. and such contributions follow minimum and maximum thresholds as determined by actuarial valuations. Pension contributions for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were $51 million and $70 million, respectively. For 2022, given the fully funded status of the CN
Pension Plan as determined by the latest actuarial valuation for funding purposes as at December 31, 2021, the Company was prohibited from
making contributions once the actuarial valuation report was filed in April 2022. For 2023, based on the results of the December 31, 2022
funding valuations, the CN Pension Plan remained fully funded and at a level such that the Company continues to be prohibited from making
contributions to the CN Pension Plan.


Based on the anticipated results of the Company's next actuarial valuations for funding purposes, the CN Pension Plan is expected to remain
fully funded and at a level such that the Company would continue to be prohibited from making contributions to the CN Pension Plan in 2024.
As such, the Company expects to make total cash contributions of approximately $70 million in 2024 for all other pension plans, and includes
the impact of affected non-unionized members transferring from the Company's defined benefit pension plans to defined contribution pension
plans effective April 1, 2024.


See the section of this MD&A entitled Critical accounting estimates – Pensions and other postretirement benefits for additional information
pertaining to the funding of the Company's pension plans. Additional information relating to the pension plans is provided in Note 18 – Pensions
and other postretirement benefits to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.


Income tax payments
The Company is required to make scheduled instalment payments as prescribed by the tax authorities. In Canada, the Company's domestic
jurisdiction, tax instalments in a given year are generally based on the prior year's taxable income whereas in the U.S., the Company's
predominant foreign jurisdiction, they are based on forecasted taxable income of the current year.


In 2023, net income tax payments were $1,197 million (2022 - $1,288 million). The decrease was mainly due to lower required instalment
payments in the U.S. mainly caused by lower pre-tax income.


For 2024, the Company's net income tax payments are expected to be approximately $1.4 billion. The increase is mostly due to higher required
instalment payments mainly caused by higher expected pre-tax income.


Investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities increased by $958 million in 2023 when compared to 2022, mainly due to the higher property additions as
well as the acquisition of IANR and the business combination of CBNS. See the section of this MD&A entitled 2023 Highlights - Recent
developments for additional information pertaining to the IANR and CBNS transactions.


Property additions


In millions                                                                                                Year ended December 31,                  2023                  2022
                       (1)
Track and roadway                                                                                                                        $         1,963       $         1,841
Rolling stock                                                                                                                                        663                   390
Buildings                                                                                                                                              90                   96
Information technology                                                                                                                               302                   293
Other                                                                                                                                                199                   137
Gross property additions                                                                                                                           3,217                 2,757
Less: Finance leases                                                                                                                                   30                     7
Property additions (2)                                                                                                                   $         3,187       $         2,750

(1)   In 2023, approximately 76% (2022 - 80%) of the Track and roadway property additions were incurred to renew basic infrastructure. Costs relating to normal repairs and
      maintenance of Track and roadway properties are expensed as incurred, and amounted to approximately 10% of the Company's total operating expenses in 2023 (2022 -
      10%).
(2)   In 2023 and 2022, property additions included expenditures of $66 million and $16 million, respectively, related to construction obligations in freight contracts for which
      the Company has received contract consideration (or such consideration is due) from its customers. Such consideration is recorded in Contract liabilities in the
      Consolidated Balance Sheets and recognized in Revenues over the life of the freight service obligation.




42     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Reinvestment in the business
In 2023, CN spent approximately $3.2 billion in its capital program, of which $1.6 billion were invested to maintain the safety and integrity of its
network, particularly track infrastructure. CN's capital spending also included $0.9 billion for strategic initiatives to increase capacity, enable
growth and improve network resiliency, including line capacity upgrades and information technology initiatives, and $0.7 billion on equipment,
including the acquisition of 500 new grain hopper cars.


Financing activities
Net cash used in financing activities decreased by $1,261 million in 2023 when compared to 2022, mainly due to higher net issuance of debt
including commercial paper and lower repurchases of common shares.


Debt financing activities
Debt financing activities in 2023 included the following:
•    On November 1, 2023, issuance of US$300 million ($416 million) 5.85% Notes due 2033 and US$300 ($416 million) 6.13% Notes due 2053,
     in the U.S. capital markets, which resulted in total net proceeds of $824 million;
•    On May 15, 2023, repayment of US$150 million ($203 million) 7.63% Notes due 2023 upon maturity;
•    On May 10, 2023, issuance of $550 million 4.15% Notes due 2030, $400 million 4.40% Notes due 2033 and $800 million 4.70% Notes due
     2053 in the Canadian capital markets, which resulted in total net proceeds of $1,730 million;
•    Repayment of equipment loans of $41 million;
•    Net issuance of commercial paper of $908 million; and
•    Repayment of finance leases of $2 million.


Debt financing activities in 2022 included the following:
•    On November 15, 2022, repayment of US$250 million ($332 million) 2.25% Notes due 2022 upon maturity;
•    On August 5, 2022, issuance of US$800 million ($1,028 million) 3.85% Notes due 2032 and US$700 million ($900 million) 4.40% Notes due
     2052, in the U.S capital markets, which resulted in total net proceeds of $1,901 million;
•    Repayment of equipment loans of $40 million;
•    Net issuance of commercial paper of $563 million; and
•    Repayment of finance leases of $7 million.


Cash obtained from the issuance of debt was used for general corporate purposes, including the redemption and refinancing of outstanding
indebtedness and share repurchases. Additional information relating to the Company's outstanding debt securities is provided in Note 16 –
Debt to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                      CN | 2023 Annual Report   43
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Repurchase of common shares
The Company may repurchase its common shares pursuant to a NCIB at prevailing market prices plus brokerage fees, or such other prices as
may be permitted by the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). The Company repurchased 26.6 million common shares under its NCIB effective
between February 1, 2023 and January 31, 2024, which allowed for the repurchase of up to 32.0 million common shares. Previous NCIBs
allowed for the repurchase of up to 42.0 million common shares between February 1, 2022 and January 31, 2023, and up to 14.0 million
common shares between February 1, 2021 and January 31, 2022.

In millions, except per share data                        Year ended December 31,               2023               2022                2021          Total NCIB
February 2023 - January 2024 NCIB
Number of common shares                                                                         26.6                N/A                 N/A                26.6
Weighted-average price per share (1)                                                  $      155.75                 N/A                 N/A      $       155.75
Amount of repurchase (1)                                                              $        4,142                N/A                 N/A      $        4,142
February 2022 - January 2023 NCIB
Number of common shares                                                                          2.5                29.4                 N/A               31.9
                                     (1)
Weighted-average price per share                                                      $      162.88      $       156.06                  N/A     $       156.60
Amount of repurchase (1)                                                              $          409     $         4,591                 N/A     $        5,000
February 2021 - January 2022 NCIB (2)
Number of common shares                                                                          N/A                 0.8                10.3               11.1
Weighted-average price per share (1)                                                             N/A     $       153.54      $       153.69      $       153.68
Amount of repurchase (1)                                                                         N/A     $          118      $        1,582      $        1,700
Total for the year
Number of common shares                                                                         29.1                30.2                10.3
Weighted-average price per share (1)                                                  $      156.37      $       156.00      $       153.69
Amount of repurchase (1)                                                              $        4,551     $         4,709     $        1,582

(1)   Includes brokerage fees.
(2)   The Company suspended its share repurchase at the end of April 2021 in connection with the CN Merger Agreement with KCS. Following the termination of the CN
      Merger Agreement, the Company resumed share repurchases at the end of September 2021.


On January 23, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a new NCIB, which allows for the repurchase of up to 32.0 million
common shares between February 1, 2024 and January 31, 2025.


On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA). The IRA imposes a one percent excise tax on specified
repurchases of stock by certain publicly traded corporations, effective for repurchases after December 31, 2022. The amount on which the tax
is imposed is reduced by the value of any stock issued by such corporation during the tax year. This provision currently does not impact CN.
Future regulations and interpretations are expected to be issued to clarify how the excise tax will be applied in practice and may alter the
Company’s initial assessment. Payments of this excise tax, if it became applicable, would increase the cost of making repurchases. It would
not, however, affect the Company’s results of operations as they would be accounted for as direct costs of common share repurchases and
recorded within Total shareholders’ equity.


On March 28, 2023, the Canadian government introduced draft legislation as part of the 2023 federal budget to implement a new two percent
tax on repurchases of stock effective in 2024. If this proposed two percent tax on repurchases of stock is enacted, it is expected to affect the
Company. Payments of this excise tax would increase the cost of making repurchases. It would not, however, affect the Company’s results of
operations as they would be accounted for as direct costs of common share repurchases and recorded within Total shareholders’ equity. The
Company continues to monitor the developments of this draft legislation.


The Company’s NCIB notices may be found online on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov through EDGAR.
Printed copies may be obtained by contacting the Corporate Secretary’s Office. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is
not incorporated by reference into this MD&A.




44     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Share Trusts
The Company's Employee Benefit Plan Trusts ("Share Trusts") purchase CN's common shares on the open market, which are used to deliver
common shares under the Share Units Plan and the Employee Share Investment Plan (ESIP). Shares purchased by the Share Trusts are retained
until the Company instructs the trustee to transfer shares to participants of the Share Units Plan or the ESIP. Additional information relating to
Share Trusts is provided in Note 19 – Share capital to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.


Share purchases


In millions, except per share data                                    Year ended December 31,           2023              2022              2021
Share purchases by Share Units Plan Share Trusts
   Number of common shares                                                                                 —                0.5                 —
   Weighted-average price per share                                                             $          —     $      170.85     $            —
   Amount of purchase                                                                           $          —     $          81     $            —
Share purchases by ESIP Share Trusts
   Number of common shares                                                                                0.2               0.2                0.2
   Weighted-average price per share                                                             $     156.89     $      155.53     $      142.90
   Amount of purchase                                                                           $         28     $          24     $           26
Total purchases                                                                                 $         28     $         105     $           26


Share settlements

In millions, except per share data                                    Year ended December 31,           2023              2022              2021
Share settlements by Share Units Plan Share Trusts
   Number of common shares                                                                                0.3               0.2                0.2
   Weighted-average price per share                                                             $     122.08     $       88.23     $       88.23
   Amount of settlement                                                                         $         31     $          15     $           20
Share settlements by ESIP Share Trusts
   Number of common shares                                                                                0.2               0.2                0.2
   Weighted-average price per share                                                             $     151.32     $      141.60     $      128.40
   Amount of settlements                                                                        $         23     $          23     $           18
Total settlements                                                                               $         54     $          38     $           38




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report   45
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Dividends paid
During 2023, the Company paid quarterly dividends of $0.7900 per share amounting to $2,071 million, compared to $2,004 million, at the rate of
$0.7325 per share, in 2022 and $1,740 million, at the rate of $0.6150 per share, in 2021. On January 23, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors
approved an increase of 7% to the quarterly dividend to common shareholders, from $0.7900 per share in 2023 to $0.8450 per share in 2024.


The following is a summary of the dividends paid and dividends per share for the last five one-year periods ended December 31, 2023, 2022,
2021, 2020 and 2019. CN's dividend growth rate has increased at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10% over the last 5 years:




                                                                                                                                                 $2,071
                                                                                                                    $2,004
                                                                                                                                                $0.7900
                                                                                       $1,740
                                                           $1,634                                                  $0.7325
                              $1,544



                                                                                       $0.6150
                                                          $0.5750
                             $0.5375




                               2019                        2020                           2021                       2022                        2023

                                                               Dividends (in millions)             Dividends per share ($)



Contractual obligations
In the normal course of business, the Company incurs contractual obligations. The following table sets forth the Company's contractual
obligations and related cash requirements for the following items as at December 31, 2023:

                                                                                                                                                                          2029 &
In millions                                                       Total            2024             2025             2026              2027             2028           thereafter
Debt obligations (1)                                      $    18,435       $     2,309      $       383      $        695      $        34      $      1,014      $     14,000
Interest on debt obligations                                   12,834               738              722               700              689               686             9,299
Finance lease obligations                                           39               31                 2                4                 1                1                 —
Operating lease obligations (2)                                   451               131              111                74               48                29                58
Purchase obligations (3)                                        2,222             1,785              128                63               45               201                 —
Other long-term liabilities (4)                                 1,019                90                68               53               49                46               713
Total contractual obligations                             $    35,000       $    5,084       $     1,414      $     1,589       $       866      $     1,977       $     24,070

(1)   Presented net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs and excludes finance lease obligations.
(2)   Includes $70 million related to renewal options reasonably certain to be exercised and $36 million of imputed interest.
(3)   Includes fixed and variable commitments for locomotives, engineering services, information technology services and licenses, railroad cars, rail, rail ties, wheels as well
      as other equipment and services. Costs of variable commitments were estimated using forecasted prices and volumes.
(4)   Includes expected payments for workers' compensation, pension benefit payments for the Company's non-registered supplemental pension plan, postretirement
      benefits other than pensions, net unrecognized tax benefits and environmental liabilities.




46     CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple
Management believes that the adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple is a useful credit measure because it reflects the Company's ability to
service its debt and other long-term obligations. The Company calculates the adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple as adjusted debt
divided by the last twelve months of adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted debt is defined as the sum of Long-term debt and Current portion of long-term
debt as reported on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as well as Operating lease liabilities, including current portion and pension
plans in deficiency recognized on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets due to the debt-like nature of their contractual and financial
obligations. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as Net income excluding Interest expense, Income tax expense, Depreciation and amortization,
operating lease cost, Other components of net periodic benefit income, Other income (loss), and other significant items that are not reflective of
CN's underlying business operations and which could distort the analysis of trends in business performance. Adjusted debt and adjusted
EBITDA are non-GAAP measures used to compute the Adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple. These measures do not have any
standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.


The following table provides a reconciliation of debt and Net income in accordance with GAAP, reported as at and for the years ended
December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to adjusted debt and adjusted EBITDA, which have been used to calculate the non-GAAP
adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple:

In millions, unless otherwise indicated                              As at and for the year ended December 31,                 2023                 2022                  2021
Debt                                                                                                                $       18,473       $        15,429       $       12,485
Adjustments:
      Operating lease liabilities, including current portion (1)                                                                415                  466                   430
      Pension plans in deficiency (2)                                                                                           362                  353                   447
Adjusted debt                                                                                                       $       19,250       $        16,248       $       13,362
Net income                                                                                                          $         5,625      $         5,118       $         4,899
Interest expense                                                                                                                722                  548                   610
Income tax expense                                                                                                              863                1,645                 1,443
Depreciation and amortization                                                                                                 1,817                1,729                 1,598
Operating lease cost (3)                                                                                                        149                  142                   131
Other components of net periodic benefit income                                                                                (479)                 (498)                (407)
Other loss (income)                                                                                                            (134)                   27                  (43)
Adjustments:
      Workforce reduction program (4)                                                                                             —                     —                   39
      Advisory fees related to shareholder matters (5)                                                                            —                    22                   20
      Recovery on assets held for sale (6)                                                                                        —                     —                 (137)
      Transaction-related costs (7)                                                                                               —                     —                   84
      Merger termination fee (8)                                                                                                  —                     —                 (886)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                     $         8,563      $         8,733       $         7,351
Adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDA multiple (times)                                                                              2.25                  1.86                 1.82

(1)    Represents the present value of operating lease payments. See Note 13 – Leases to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
       information.
(2)    Represents the total funded deficit of all defined benefit pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. See Note 18 – Pensions and other
       postretirement benefits to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(3)    Represents the operating lease costs recorded in Purchased services and material and Equipment rents within the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 13 –
       Leases to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(4)    Relates to employee termination benefits and severance costs related to a workforce reduction program, recorded in Labor and fringe benefits within the Consolidated
       Statements of Income. See the section of this MD&A entitled Non-GAAP measures – Adjusted performance measures for additional information.
(5)    Relates to advisory fees related to shareholder matters recorded in Other expense within the Consolidated Statements of Income. See the section of this MD&A entitled
       Non-GAAP measures – Adjusted performance measures for additional information.
(6)    Relates to the recovery of $137 million of the $486 million loss on assets held for sale recorded in the second quarter of 2020, resulting from the Company entering into
       an agreement for the sale of non-core lines. See Note 6 – Assets held for sale to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
       information.
(7)    Relates to transaction costs incurred as a result of the terminated CN Merger Agreement of $84 million, consisting of $125 million of transaction-related costs, partially
       offset by $41 million of income generated as a result of the applicable foreign exchange rates prevailing at the time of payment and related receipt of the US$700 million
       advance to KCS. See Note 4 – Business acquisitions and combinations to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(8)    Relates to the termination fee resulting from KCS terminating the CN Merger Agreement and entering into a merger agreement with CP. See Note 4 – Business
       acquisitions and combinations to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                                                                                                                              CN | 2023 Annual Report        47
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Off balance sheet arrangements

Guarantees and indemnifications
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into agreements that may involve providing guarantees or indemnifications to third
parties and others, which may extend beyond the term of the agreements. These include, but are not limited to, standby letters of credit, surety
and other bonds, and indemnifications that are customary for the type of transaction or for the railway business. As at December 31, 2023, the
Company has not recorded a liability with respect to guarantees and indemnifications. Additional information relating to guarantees and
indemnifications is provided in Note 22 – Major commitments and contingencies to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial
Statements.



Outstanding share data

As at January 31, 2024, the Company had 640.7 million common shares and 3.6 million stock options outstanding.



Financial instruments

Risk management
In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to various risks from its use of financial instruments. To manage these risks, the
Company follows a financial risk management framework, which is monitored and approved by the Company's Audit, Finance and Risk
Committee, with a goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet, optimizing earnings per share and free cash flow, financing its operations at an
optimal cost of capital and preserving its liquidity. The Company has limited involvement with derivative financial instruments in the
management of its risks and does not hold or issue them for trading or speculative purposes.


Credit risk
Credit risk arises from cash and temporary investments, accounts receivable and derivative financial instruments. To manage credit risk
associated with cash and temporary investments, the Company places these financial assets with governments, major financial institutions, or
other creditworthy counterparties, and performs ongoing reviews of these entities. To manage credit risk associated with accounts receivable,
the Company reviews the credit history of each new customer, monitors the financial condition and credit limits of its customers, and keeps the
average daily sales outstanding within an acceptable range. The Company works with customers to ensure timely payments, and in certain
cases, requires financial security, including letters of credit. CN also obtains credit insurance for certain high risk customers. Although the
Company believes there are no significant concentrations of customer credit risk, economic conditions can affect the Company's customers
and can result in an increase to the Company's credit risk and exposure to business failures of its customers. A widespread deterioration of
customer credit and business failures of customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial
position or liquidity. The Company considers the risk due to the possible non-performance by its customers to be remote.


The Company has limited involvement with derivative financial instruments, however from time to time, it may enter into derivative financial
instruments to manage its exposure to interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. To manage the counterparty risk associated with the
use of derivative financial instruments, the Company enters into contracts with major financial institutions that have been accorded investment
grade ratings. Though the Company is exposed to potential credit losses due to non-performance of these counterparties, the Company
considers this risk to be remote.




48    CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that sufficient funds will not be available to satisfy financial obligations as they come due. In addition to cash generated
from operations, which represents its principal source of liquidity, the Company manages liquidity risk by aligning other external sources of
funds which can be obtained upon short notice, such as revolving credit facilities, commercial paper programs, and an accounts receivable
securitization program. As well, the Company can issue debt securities in the Canadian and U.S. capital markets under its shelf prospectus and
registration statement. The Company's access to long-term funds in the debt capital markets depends on its credit ratings and market
conditions. The Company believes that its investment grade credit ratings contribute to reasonable access to capital markets. See the section
of this MD&A entitled Liquidity and capital resources for additional information relating to the Company's available financing sources and its
credit ratings.


Foreign currency risk
The Company conducts its business in both Canada and the U.S. and as a result, is affected by currency fluctuations. Changes in the exchange
rate between the Canadian dollar and the US dollar affect the Company's revenues and expenses. To manage foreign currency risk, the
Company designates US dollar-denominated debt of the parent company as a foreign currency hedge of its net investment in foreign
operations. As a result, from the dates of designation, foreign exchange gains and losses on translation of the Company's US dollar-
denominated debt are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, which minimizes volatility of earnings resulting from the conversion
of US dollar-denominated debt into the Canadian dollar.


The Company also enters into foreign exchange forward contracts to manage its exposure to foreign currency risk. As at December 31, 2023,
the Company had outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts to purchase a notional value of US$1,496 million (2022 - US$1,311 million).
These outstanding contracts are at a weighted-average exchange rate of $1.37 per US$1.00 (2022 - $1.33 per US$1.00) with exchange rates
ranging from $1.34 to $1.39 per US$1.00 (2022 - $1.29 to $1.37 per US$1.00). The weighted-average term of the contracts is 77 days (2022 -
157 days) with terms ranging from 26 days to 178 days (2022 - 29 days to 300 days). Changes in the fair value of foreign exchange forward
contracts, resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates, are recognized in Other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income as they
occur. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a loss of $45 million (2022 - gain of $129 million; 2021 - loss of $18
million), related to foreign exchange forward contracts. These gains and losses were largely offset by the re-measurement of US dollar-
denominated monetary assets and liabilities recognized in Other income. As at December 31, 2023, the fair value of outstanding foreign
exchange forward contracts included in Other current assets and Accounts payable and other was $nil and $64 million, respectively (2022 - $33
million and $4 million, respectively).


The estimated annual impact on Net income of a one-cent change in the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar is approximately $31 million.


Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to interest rate risk, which is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will vary as a
result of changes in market interest rates. Such risk exists in relation to the Company's debt. The Company mainly issues fixed-rate debt, which
exposes the Company to variability in the fair value of the debt. The Company also issues debt with variable interest rates, which exposes the
Company to variability in interest expense. To manage interest rate risk, the Company manages its borrowings in line with liquidity needs,
maturity schedule, and currency and interest rate profile. In anticipation of future debt issuances, the Company may use derivative instruments
such as forward rate agreements.


During 2023 and 2022, the Company entered into treasury lock agreements to hedge US Treasury benchmark rates related to expected debt
issuances in 2023 and 2022, respectively. The treasury locks were designated as cash flow hedging instruments with cumulative gains or
losses recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in derivative instruments. In conjunction with the November 1, 2023 debt issuance,
the Company settled a notional US$450 million ($622 million) of treasury locks, resulting in a cumulative gain of $97 million. The cash proceeds
were included in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and the gain was recorded in Accumulated other
comprehensive loss and is being amortized over the term of the corresponding debt and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense on
the Consolidated Statements of Income. In conjunction with the August 5, 2022 debt issuance, the Company settled a notional US$675 million
($868 million) of treasury locks, resulting in a cumulative loss of $2 million. This loss was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss
and is being amortized over the term of the corresponding debt and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense on the Consolidated
Statements of Income. As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no treasury locks outstanding.


The estimated annual impact on Net income of a one-percent change in the interest rate on floating rate debt is approximately $21 million.




                                                                                                                         CN | 2023 Annual Report   49
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Commodity price risk
The Company is exposed to commodity price risk related to purchases of fuel and the potential reduction in Net income due to increases in the
price of diesel. Fuel prices are impacted by geopolitical events, changes in the economy or supply disruptions. Fuel shortages can occur due to
refinery disruptions, production quota restrictions, climate, and labor and political instability.


The Company manages fuel price risk by offsetting the impact of rising fuel prices with the Company's fuel surcharge program. The surcharge
applied to customers is determined in the second calendar month prior to the month in which it is applied, and is generally calculated using the
average monthly price of On-Highway Diesel.


While the Company's fuel surcharge program provides effective coverage, residual exposure remains given that fuel price risk cannot be
completely managed due to timing and given the volatility in the market. As such, the Company may enter into derivative instruments to
manage such risk when considered appropriate.


Fair value of financial instruments
The financial instruments that the Company measures at fair value on a recurring basis in periods subsequent to initial recognition are
categorized into the following levels of the fair value hierarchy based on the degree to which inputs are observable:
•    Level 1: Inputs are quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets
•    Level 2: Significant inputs (other than quoted prices included in Level 1) are observable
•    Level 3: Significant inputs are unobservable


The carrying amounts of Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value. These financial
instruments include highly liquid investments purchased three months or less from maturity, for which the fair value is determined by reference
to quoted prices in active markets.


The carrying amounts of Accounts receivable, Other current assets and Accounts payable and other approximate fair value due to their short
maturity, unless otherwise specified. The fair value of equity investments with readily determinable fair values, included in Intangible assets,
goodwill and other, is classified as Level 1 with gains and losses being recorded in Other income within the Consolidated Statements of
Income. The fair value of derivative financial instruments, included in Other current assets and Accounts payable and other is classified as
Level 2 and is used to manage the Company's exposure to foreign currency risk. The fair value is measured by discounting future cash flows
using a discount rate derived from market data for financial instruments subject to similar risks and maturities.

The carrying amount of the Company's debt does not approximate fair value. The fair value is estimated based on quoted market prices for the
same or similar debt instruments, as well as discounted cash flows using current interest rates for debt with similar terms, company rating, and
remaining maturity. The Company classifies debt as Level 2. As at December 31, 2023, the Company's debt, excluding finance leases, had a
carrying amount of $18,435 million (2022 - $15,419 million) and a fair value of $17,844 million (2022 - $14,137 million). The carrying amount of
debt excluding finance leases exceeded the fair value due to an increase in market rates compared to the stated coupon rate.




50    CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Recent accounting pronouncements

The following recent Accounting Standards Updates (ASU) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has an effective date
after December 31, 2023 and has not been adopted by the Company:


ASU 2023-07 Segment reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to reportable segment disclosures
The ASU will improve financial disclosures about a public entity's reportable segments and address requests from investors for additional and
more detailed information regarding reportable segment expenses. The main amendments in the ASU require public entities, including those
that have a single reportable segment, to disclose on an annual and interim basis the significant segment expenses provided to the chief
operating decision maker (CODM), disclose the title/position of the CODM and how the segment expenses information is used in the decision
making process.


The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted.


The adoption of the ASU will have an impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements disclosures. The Company will include the
relevant disclosure within the 2024 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and 2025 Interim Financial Statements.


ASU 2023-09 – Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to income tax disclosures
The ASU amends the rules on income tax disclosures by modifying or eliminating certain existing income tax disclosure requirements in
addition to establishing new requirements. The amendments address investor requests for more transparency about income taxes, including
jurisdictional information, by requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information. The ASU’s two primary amendments
relate to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid annual disclosures.


Reconciling items presented in the rate reconciliation will be in dollar amounts and percentages, and will be disaggregated into specified
categories with certain reconciling items further broken out by nature and/or jurisdiction using a 5% threshold of domestic federal taxes.
Income taxes paid will be disaggregated between federal, provincial/territorial, and foreign taxing jurisdictions using a 5% threshold of total
income taxes paid net of refunds received.


The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that
have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The ASU should be applied prospectively. Retrospective application is permitted.


The adoption of the ASU will have an impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements disclosures. The required disclosure
changes will be reflected in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements when the ASU is adopted.


The following Accounting Standards Updates (ASU) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) have been adopted by the
Company:


ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2022-06 Reference rate reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting
and related amendments
USD London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR) are benchmark interest rates referenced in a variety of
agreements. The publication of certain LIBOR and CDOR rates were discontinued in January 2022 and May 2021, respectively. The remaining
LIBOR rates were discontinued on June 30, 2023 and the remaining CDOR rates are expected to be discontinued on June 30, 2024. The
recommended alternative reference rates for LIBOR and CDOR are the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and Canadian Overnight Repo
Rate Average (CORRA), respectively.


The ASU provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to transactions affected by
reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. These transactions include contract modifications, hedging relationships, and sale or transfer of
debt securities classified as held-to-maturity. The ASU was effective starting on March 12, 2020, and is available to be adopted on a prospective
basis no later than December 31, 2024, following the amendments of ASU 2022-06.




                                                                                                                      CN | 2023 Annual Report   51
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Company was eligible and has elected to use the optional expedient provided by the ASU which allowed the amendment to be accounted
for as a non substantial modification of an existing debt. As a result, the amendment did not have a significant impact to the Company's
Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. See the section of this MD&A entitled Liquidity and capital resources - Available
financing sources for additional information on reference rate reform with respect to the non-revolving credit facility, revolving credit facilities,
equipment loans and accounts receivable securitization program.

Other recently issued ASUs required to be applied on or after December 31, 2023 have been evaluated by the Company and are not expected to
have a significant impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.



Critical accounting estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements. On an ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates based upon available information. Actual results could differ
from these estimates. The Company's policies for income taxes, capital expenditures and depreciation and pensions and other postretirement
benefits require management's more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial
statements and, as such, are considered to be critical. The following information should be read in conjunction with the Company's 2023 Annual
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto.


Management discusses the development and selection of the Company's critical accounting policies, including the underlying estimates and
assumptions, with the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee has
reviewed the Company's related disclosures.


Income taxes
The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, the change in the net
deferred income tax asset or liability is included in the computation of Net income or Other comprehensive income (loss). Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. As a result, a projection of taxable income is required for those years, as well as an
assumption of the ultimate recovery/settlement period for temporary differences. The projection of future taxable income is based on
management's best estimate and may vary from actual taxable income.


On an annual basis, the Company assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance for its deferred income tax assets, and if it is deemed
more likely than not that its deferred income tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded. The ultimate realization of
deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, of the necessary character, during the periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred income tax liabilities, the available
carryback and carryforward periods, and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. As at December 31, 2023, in order to fully
realize all of the deferred income tax assets excluding the tax-deductible goodwill, the Company will need to generate future taxable income of
approximately $1.8 billion, and, based upon the level of historical taxable income, projections of future taxable income of the necessary
character over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets are deductible, and the reversal of taxable temporary differences,
management believes, following an assessment of the current economic environment, it is more likely than not that the Company will realize
the benefits of these deductible differences. Management believes it is more likely than not that CN will fully realize the benefits of the
remaining $5.8 billion unamortized tax-deductible goodwill because under the current tax laws the Company has the ability and intent to
maintain the necessary intercompany arrangements that will generate sufficient future taxable income of the appropriate character in the non-
U.S. foreign jurisdiction, and to fully utilize the tax-deductible goodwill. As at December 31, 2023, the Company has not recognized a deferred
income tax asset of $217 million (2022 - $196 million) on the unrealized foreign exchange loss recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive
loss relating to its net investment in U.S. subsidiaries, as the Company does not expect this temporary difference to reverse in the foreseeable
future.




52    CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In addition, Canadian, or domestic, tax rules and regulations, as well as those relating to foreign jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation and
require judgment by the Company that may be challenged by the taxation authorities upon audit of the filed income tax returns. Tax benefits are
recognized if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxation authorities. As at December 31,
2023, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $46 million, before considering tax treaties and other arrangements between
taxation authorities. The amount of net unrecognized tax benefits as at December 31, 2023 was $32 million. If recognized, $18 million of the net
unrecognized tax benefits as at December 31, 2023 would affect the effective tax rate.


The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that $13 million of the net unrecognized tax benefits as at December 31, 2023 related to
Canadian and U.S. federal, state, and provincial income tax matters, each of which are individually insignificant, may be recognized over the
next twelve months as a result of settlements and a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations of which approximately half will affect the
effective tax rate as the remaining amount relates to temporary differences.


The Company's deferred income tax assets are mainly composed of temporary differences related to tax-deductible goodwill, net operating
losses and tax credit carryforwards, lease liabilities, the pension liability, accruals for personal injury and other claims, other postretirement
benefits liability, and compensation reserves. The Company's deferred income tax liabilities are mainly composed of temporary differences
related to properties, the pension asset and operating lease right-of-use assets. These deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded at
the enacted tax rates of the periods in which the related temporary differences are expected to reverse. As a result, fiscal budget changes and/
or changes in income tax laws that affect a change in the timing, the amount, and/or the income tax rate at which the temporary difference
components will reverse, could materially affect deferred income tax expense as recorded in the Company's results of operations. The reversal
of temporary differences is expected at future-enacted income tax rates which could change due to fiscal budget changes and/or changes in
income tax laws. As a result, a change in the timing and/or the income tax rate at which the components will reverse, could materially affect
deferred income tax expense as recorded in the Company's results of operations. From time to time, the federal, provincial, and state
governments enact new corporate income tax rates resulting in either lower or higher tax liabilities. A one-percentage-point change in the
Canadian, U.S., and non-U.S. statutory federal tax rate would have the effect of changing the deferred income tax expense by $223 million, $155
million, and $58 million, respectively, in 2023.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an income tax expense of $863 million, of which $288 million was a deferred
income tax recovery. The deferred income tax recovery included a net recovery of $682 million resulting from tax filings consistent with a ruling
that the Company received in a non-U.S. foreign jurisdiction in connection with prior taxation years, comprised of a $767 million deferred
income tax recovery related to the tax-deductible goodwill initially generated as of January 1, 2021, partly offset by a $85 million income tax
expense related to the foregone tax deduction ($31 million for 2023 and $54 million for prior years) which was initially recorded in current taxes
and was then reclassified to deferred taxes following the amortization of the tax-deductible goodwill for those years.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an income tax expense of $1,645 million, of which $404 million was a deferred
income tax expense.


For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an income tax expense of $1,443 million, of which $513 million was a deferred
income tax expense.


As at December 31, 2023, the Company had deferred income tax assets of $682 million (2022 - $nil) and deferred income tax liabilities of
$10,066 million (2022 - $9,796 million). Additional disclosures are provided in Note 8 – Income taxes to the Company's 2023 Annual
Consolidated Financial Statements.


Capital expenditures and depreciation
Properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation including asset impairment write-downs. The Company has a process in place to
determine whether or not costs qualify for capitalization, which requires judgment. The cost of properties, including those under finance leases,
net of asset impairment write-downs, is depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated service lives, measured in years, except for rail
and ballast whose services lives are measured in millions of gross tons. The Company follows the group method of depreciation whereby a
single composite depreciation rate is applied to the gross investment in a class of similar assets, despite small differences in the service life or
salvage value of individual property units within the same asset class. The Company uses approximately 40 different depreciable asset classes.




                                                                                                                      CN | 2023 Annual Report   53
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

For all depreciable assets, the depreciation rate is based on the estimated service lives of the assets. Assessing the reasonableness of the
estimated service lives of properties requires judgment and is based on currently available information, including periodic depreciation studies
conducted by the Company. The Company's U.S. properties are subject to comprehensive depreciation studies as required by the STB and are
conducted by external experts. Depreciation studies for Canadian properties are not required by regulation and are conducted internally. Studies
are performed on specific asset groups on a periodic basis. Changes in the estimated service lives of the assets and their related composite
depreciation rates are implemented prospectively.


The studies consider, among other factors, the analysis of historical retirement data using recognized life analysis techniques, and the
forecasting of asset life characteristics. Changes in circumstances, such as technological advances, changes to the Company's business
strategy, changes in the Company's capital strategy or changes in regulations can result in the actual service lives differing from the Company's
estimates.


A change in the remaining service life of a group of assets, or their estimated net salvage value, will affect the depreciation rate used to
amortize the group of assets and thus affect depreciation expense as reported in the Company's results of operations. A change of one year in
the composite service life of the Company's fixed asset base would impact annual depreciation expense by approximately $74 million.


Depreciation studies are a means of ensuring that the assumptions used to estimate the service lives of particular asset groups are still valid
and where they are not, they serve as the basis to establish the new depreciation rates to be used on a prospective basis. In 2023, the Company
completed depreciation studies for equipment properties and as a result, the Company changed the estimated service lives for various types of
equipment assets and their related composite depreciation rates. The results of these depreciation studies did not materially affect the
Company's annual depreciation expense.


Given the nature of the railroad and the composition of its network which is made up of homogeneous long-lived assets, it is impractical to
maintain records of specific properties at their lowest unit of property.


Retirements of assets occur through the replacement of an asset in the normal course of business, the sale of an asset or the abandonment of
a section of track. For retirements in the normal course of business, generally the life of the retired asset is within a reasonable range of the
expected useful life, as determined in the depreciation studies, and, as such, no gain or loss is recognized under the group method. The asset's
cost is removed from the asset account and the difference between its cost and estimated related accumulated depreciation (net of salvage
proceeds), if any, is recorded as an adjustment to accumulated depreciation and no gain or loss is recognized. The historical cost of the retired
asset is estimated by using deflation factors or indices that closely correlate to the properties comprising the asset classes in combination with
the estimated age of the retired asset using a first-in, first-out approach, and applying it to the replacement value of the asset.


In each depreciation study, an estimate is made of any excess or deficiency in accumulated depreciation for all corresponding asset classes to
ensure that the depreciation rates remain appropriate. The excess or deficiency in accumulated depreciation is amortized over the remaining
life of the asset class.


For retirements of depreciable properties that do not occur in the normal course of business, the historical cost, net of salvage proceeds, is
recorded as a gain or loss in income. A retirement is considered not to be in the normal course of business if it meets the following criteria: (i) it
is unusual, (ii) it is significant in amount, and (iii) it varies significantly from the retirement pattern identified through depreciation studies. A
gain or loss is recognized in Other income for the sale of land or disposal of assets that are not part of railroad operations.


For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded total depreciation expense of $1,811 million (2022 - $1,723 million; 2021 - $1,593
million). As at December 31, 2023, the Company had Properties of $44,617 million, net of accumulated depreciation of $17,394 million (2022 -
$43,537 million, net of accumulated depreciation of $16,526 million). Additional disclosures are provided in Note 12 – Properties to the
Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements.


GAAP requires the use of historical cost as the basis of reporting in financial statements. As a result, the cumulative effect of inflation, which
has significantly increased asset replacement costs for capital-intensive companies such as CN, is not reflected in operating expenses.
Depreciation charges on an inflation-adjusted basis, assuming that all operating assets are replaced at current price levels, would be
substantially greater than historically reported amounts.




54    CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Pensions
Effective January 1, 2022, CN elected to change its accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for the
Company’s defined benefit pension plans. The new accounting method changed the calculation of market-related value of pension plan assets
used to determine net periodic benefit cost but had no impact on the annual funded status of the plans. The Company's previous methodology
calculated market-related value for pensions whereby realized and unrealized gains/losses and appreciation/depreciation in the value of the
investments were recognized over a period of five years. The Company's new methodology applies a corridor approach so that the market-
related value does not result in a value that deviates excessively from its fair value. Specifically, the market-related value will not exceed 110%
or be less than 90% of the fair value. This change established a corridor approach whereby the amount causing the market-related value to be
outside of the 10% corridor is recognized immediately in the market-related value of assets and will not be subject to the five-year period of
recognition. There is no change in the recognition approach for investment income.

Pensions and other postretirement benefits
The Company's plans have a measurement date of December 31.


In millions                                                                                            As at December 31,              2023               2022
Pension asset                                                                                                                $        3,140     $         3,033
Pension liability                                                                                                            $          362     $           353
Other postretirement benefits liability (1)                                                                                  $          145     $           147

(1)   Includes current portion of $12 million as at December 31, 2023 (2022 - $14 million). See Note 15 – Accounts payable and other to the Company's 2023 Annual
      Consolidated Financial Statements for the related current portion.


The descriptions in the following paragraphs pertaining to pensions relate generally to the Company's main pension plan, the CN Pension Plan,
unless otherwise specified.


Amendments to postretirement medical benefits plans in the U.S.
In June 2022, CN approved changes affecting members participating in the Company’s postretirement medical benefits plans in the U.S.
Beginning in 2023, Medicare-eligible retirees are covered by a health reimbursement arrangement, which is an employer-funded account that
can be used for reimbursement of eligible medical expenses. Non-Medicare eligible retirees continue to be covered by the existing self-insured
program. This change constituted a plan amendment event resulting in a $28 million reduction to the affected plans’ Accumulated projected
benefit obligation, recorded in Other comprehensive income, and is composed of a prior service credit of $21 million and an actuarial gain of $7
million, substantially all due to lower expected future benefit payments and to the approximate 130 basis point increase in the end of period
discount rates between December 31, 2021 and May 31, 2022, respectively.

Curtailment event
On October 31, 2021, the CN Board of Directors approved changes affecting non-unionized members participating in the Company’s defined
benefit pension plans. Effective April 1, 2024, the affected defined benefit pension plans will be amended to cease benefits accruals for non-
unionized members, generally known as a delayed hard freeze. Effective April 1, 2024, all non-unionized members will be transferred to the
Company’s defined contribution pension plans for their future service. This delayed hard freeze constitutes a plan curtailment event recognized
on October 31, 2021 resulting in a $52 million reduction to the Projected benefit obligation, recorded in Other comprehensive income as an
actuarial gain, mostly due to reflecting projected future salary increases and service only up to April 1, 2024. The curtailment event also
triggered an interim re-measurement of the funded status of the affected defined benefit pension plans resulting in an actuarial gain of
$1,915 million recorded in Other comprehensive income composed of i) an actuarial gain on the Projected benefit obligation of $1,808 million
substantially all due to the 84 basis point increase in the end of period discount rate between December 31, 2020 of 2.55% and October 31,
2021 of 3.39%, and ii) an actuarial gain on the Plan assets of $107 million due to higher actual returns of $982 million compared to expected
returns of $875 million over that same ten-month period. Due to the interim re-measurement, the resulting Net periodic benefit income recorded
during the fourth quarter of 2021 increased by $25 million composed of i) a decrease to Current service cost of $9 million, and ii) an increase to
Other components of net periodic benefit income of $16 million.




                                                                                                                                 CN | 2023 Annual Report     55
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Calculation of net periodic benefit cost (income)
In accounting for pensions and other postretirement benefits, assumptions are required for, among other things, the discount rate, the expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets, the rate of compensation increase, health care cost trend rates, mortality rates, employee early
retirements, terminations and disability. Changes in these assumptions result in actuarial gains or losses, which are recognized in Other
comprehensive income (loss). The Company generally amortizes these gains or losses into net periodic benefit cost (income) over the
expected average remaining service life of the employee group covered by the plans only to the extent that the unrecognized net actuarial gains
and losses are in excess of the corridor threshold, which is calculated as 10% of the greater of the beginning-of-year balances of the projected
benefit obligation or market-related value of plan assets. The Company's net periodic benefit cost (income) for future periods is dependent on
demographic experience, economic conditions and investment performance. Recent demographic experience has revealed no material net
gains or losses on termination, retirement, disability and mortality. Experience with respect to economic conditions and investment
performance is further discussed herein.


Net periodic benefit cost (income)

In millions                                                          Year ended December 31,               2023          2022             2021
Net periodic benefit income for pensions                                                         $         (393)    $     (340)   $       (210)
Net periodic benefit cost for other postretirement benefits                                      $            (2)   $        1    $          2


Projected pension benefit obligation and accumulated other postretirement benefit obligation


In millions                                                                                    As at December 31,        2023             2022
Projected pension benefit obligation                                                                                $   14,755    $     13,909
Accumulated other postretirement benefit obligation                                                                 $     145     $        147


Discount rate assumption
The Company's discount rate assumption, which is set annually at the end of each year, is determined by management with the aid of third-
party actuaries. The discount rate is used to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality
debt instruments with a rating of AA or better, would provide the necessary cash flows to pay for pension benefits as they become due. For the
Canadian pension and other postretirement benefit plans, future expected benefit payments are discounted using spot rates based on a derived
AA corporate bond yield curve for each maturity year. A year-end discount rate of 4.64% based on bond yields prevailing at December 31, 2023
(2022 - 5.26%) was considered appropriate by the Company.


The Company uses the spot rate approach to measure current service cost and interest cost for all defined benefit pension and other
postretirement benefit plans. Under the spot rate approach, individual spot discount rates along the same yield curve used in the determination
of the projected benefit obligation are applied to the relevant projected cash flows for current service cost at the relevant maturity. More
specifically, current service cost is measured using the cash flows related to benefits expected to be accrued in the following year by active
members of a plan and interest cost is measured using the projected cash flows making up the projected benefit obligation multiplied by the
corresponding spot discount rate at each maturity. As at December 31, 2023, the rate to determine current service cost was 5.25% (2022 -
3.40%) and the rate to determine interest cost was 5.21% (2022 - 2.67%).


As at December 31, 2023, a 0.25% decrease in discount rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation, current service cost and
interest cost would have resulted in a decrease of approximately $380 million to the funded status for pensions and would result in a decrease
of approximately $18 million to the 2024 projected net periodic benefit income. A 0.25% increase in discount rates would have resulted in an
increase of approximately $360 million to the funded status for pensions and would result in an increase of approximately $17 million to the
2024 projected net periodic benefit income.




56    CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Expected long-term rate of return assumption
The expected long-term rate of return is determined based on expected future performance for each asset class and is weighted based on the
investment policy. Consideration is taken of the historical performance, the premium return generated from an actively managed portfolio, as
well as current target asset allocations, published market return expectations, economic developments, inflation rates and administrative
expenses. Based on these factors, the rate is determined by the Company. For 2023, the Company used a long-term rate of return assumption
of 7.60% on the market-related value of plan assets to compute net periodic benefit cost (income). In 2024, the Company will decrease the
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by 30 basis points to 7.30% to reflect management's current view of long-term investment
returns.


The assets of the Company's various plans are primarily held in separate trust funds ("Trusts") which are diversified by asset type, geography,
sector and investment strategy. Each year, the CN Board of Directors reviews and confirms or amends the Statement of Investment Policies
and Procedures (SIPP) which includes the plans' long-term target asset allocation ("Policy") and related benchmark indices. This Policy is based
on the long-term expectations of the economy and financial market returns and considers the dynamics of the plans' pension benefit
obligations. In 2023, the Policy was amended to implement a target asset allocation change to bonds and mortgages and equities. These
changes were taken into account in the determination of the Company's expected long-term rate of return assumption. In 2023, the Policy was:
2% cash and short-term investments, 41% bonds and mortgages, 2% emerging market debt, 3% private debt, 29% equities, 4% real estate, 5%
resource and royalties, 4% infrastructure, 2% specialty portfolio, 12% absolute return investments and negative 4% for investment-related
liabilities.


Annually, the CN Investment Division ("Investment Manager"), a division of the Company created to invest and administer the assets of the
plans, can also implement an investment strategy ("Strategy") which can lead the Plan's actual asset allocation to deviate from the Policy due to
changing market risks and opportunities. The Pension and Investment Committee of the Board of Directors ("Committee") regularly compares
the actual plan asset allocation to the Policy and Strategy and compares the actual performance of the Company's pension plan assets to the
performance of the benchmark indices.


The Committee's approval is required for all major investments in illiquid securities. The SIPP allows for the use of derivative financial
instruments to implement strategies, to hedge and to adjust existing or anticipated exposures. The SIPP prohibits investments in securities of
the Company or its subsidiaries.


                                                                    2023              2022              2021             2020              2019
Actual                                                             11.9%            (14.2%)             8.7%            12.5%             12.2%
Market-related value                                                5.0%              2.8%              8.0%             7.1%              6.1%
Expected                                                           7.60%             7.00%            6.79%             7.00%             7.00%


The Company's expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects management's view of long-term investment returns and the effect of
a 1% variation in such rate of return would result in a change to the net periodic benefit cost (income) of approximately $110 million.
Management's assumption of the expected long-term rate of return is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual rate of
return to differ materially from management's assumption. There can be no assurance that the plan assets will be able to earn the expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets.


Net periodic benefit income for pensions for 2024
In 2024, the Company expects net periodic benefit income to be approximately $350 million for all its defined benefit pension plans, as
compared to actual net periodic benefit income of $393 million for the year ended December 31, 2023.


Plan asset allocation
Based on the fair value of the assets held as at December 31, 2023, the assets of the Company's various plans are comprised of 2% in cash and
short-term investments, 41% in bonds and mortgages, 2% in emerging market debt, 6% in private debt, 25% in equities, 3% in real estate, 7% in
resource and royalties, 4% in infrastructure, 2% in specialty portfolio, 14% in absolute return investments and negative 6% in investment-related
liabilities. See Note 18 – Pensions and other postretirement benefits to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on the fair value measurements of such assets.




                                                                                                                    CN | 2023 Annual Report   57
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

A significant portion of the plans' assets are invested in publicly traded equity securities whose return is primarily driven by stock market
performance. Debt securities also account for a significant portion of the plans' investments and provide a partial offset to the variation in the
pension benefit obligation that is driven by changes in the discount rate. The funded status of the plan fluctuates with market conditions and
impacts funding requirements. The Company will continue to make contributions to the pension plans that as a minimum meet pension
legislative requirements.


Rate of compensation increase
The rate of compensation increase is determined by the Company based upon its long-term plans for such increases. For 2023, a basic rate of
compensation increase of 2.75% was used to determine the projected benefit obligation and the net periodic benefit cost (income).


Mortality
The Canadian Institute of Actuaries (CIA) published in 2014 a report on Canadian Pensioners' Mortality ("Report"). The Report contained
Canadian pensioners' mortality tables and improvement scales based on experience studies conducted by the CIA. The CIA's conclusions were
taken into account in selecting management's best estimate mortality assumption used to calculate the projected benefit obligation as at
December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.


Funding of pension plans
The Company's main Canadian defined benefit pension plan, the CN Pension Plan, accounts for 93% of the Company's pension obligation and
can produce significant volatility in pension funding requirements, given the pension fund's size, the many factors that drive the plan's funded
status, and Canadian statutory pension funding requirements. Adverse changes to the assumptions used to calculate the plan's funding status,
particularly the discount rate used for funding purposes, as well as changes to existing federal pension legislation, regulation and guidance
could significantly impact the Company's future contributions.


For accounting purposes, the funded status is calculated under generally accepted accounting principles for all pension plans. For funding
purposes, the funded status is also calculated under going concern and solvency scenarios as prescribed under pension legislation and subject
to guidance issued by the CIA and the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) for all registered Canadian defined benefit
pension plans. The Company's funding requirements are determined upon completion of actuarial valuations. Actuarial valuations are generally
required on an annual basis for all Canadian defined benefit pension plans, or when deemed appropriate by the OSFI. Actuarial valuations are
also required annually for the Company's U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans.


The Company's most recently filed actuarial valuations for funding purposes for its Canadian registered defined pension plans conducted as at
December 31, 2022 indicated a funding excess on a going concern basis of approximately $4.4 billion and a funding excess on a solvency basis
of approximately $1.6 billion, calculated using the three-year average of the plans' hypothetical wind-up ratio in accordance with the Pension
Benefit Standards Regulations, 1985. The federal pension legislation requires funding deficits, if any, to be paid over a number of years, as
calculated under current pension regulations. Alternatively, a letter of credit can be subscribed to fulfill required solvency deficit payments.


The Company's next actuarial valuations for funding purposes for its Canadian registered defined benefit pension plans required as at
December 31, 2023 will be performed in 2024. These actuarial valuations are expected to identify a funding excess on a going concern basis of
approximately $4.9 billion, while on a solvency basis a funding excess of approximately $2.6 billion is expected.


Based on the anticipated results of these valuations, the CN Pension Plan is expected to remain fully funded and at a level such that the
Company would continue to be prohibited from making contributions to the CN Pension Plan in 2024. As such, the Company expects to make
total cash contributions of approximately $70 million in 2024 for all other pension plans, and includes the impact of affected non-unionized
members transferring from the Company's defined benefit pension plans to defined contribution pension plans effective April 1, 2024. The
Company expects cash from operations and its other sources of financing to be sufficient to meet its 2024 funding obligations.




58   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Information disclosed by major pension plan


                                                                                                            CN                BC Rail             U.S. and
In millions                                                            December 31, 2023           Pension Plan          Pension Plan          other plans                  Total
Plan assets by category
      Cash and short-term investments                                                          $            360      $              3      $              4      $           367
      Bonds                                                                                               6,540                   425                  185                 7,150
      Mortgages                                                                                                1                    —                     —                     1
      Emerging market debt                                                                                  350                     —                     2                  352
      Private debt                                                                                        1,016                     —                     5                1,021
      Public equities                                                                                     4,035                    96                    48                4,179
      Private equities                                                                                      613                     —                     3                  616
      Real estate                                                                                           437                     —                     2                  439
      Resource and royalties                                                                              1,266                     —                     6                1,272
      Infrastructure                                                                                        657                     —                     3                  660
      Absolute return                                                                                     2,334                    26                    12                2,372
Total investments                                                                                       17,609                    550                  270                18,429
Investment-related liabilities (1)                                                                         (799)                  (65)                   (4)                (868)
         (2)
Other                                                                                                       (48)                    3                    17                   (28)
Total plan assets                                                                              $        16,762       $           488       $           283       $       17,533
Projected benefit obligation at end of year                                                    $        13,711       $            401      $           643       $        14,755
Company contributions in 2023                                                                  $              —      $              —      $             25      $             25
Employee contributions in 2023                                                                 $             64      $              —      $              —      $             64

(1)    Investment-related liabilities include securities sold under repurchase agreements.
(2)    Other consists of operating assets of $143 million and liabilities of $171 million required to administer the Trusts' investment assets and the plans' benefit and funding
       activities.

Additional disclosures are provided in Note 18 – Pensions and other postretirement benefits to the Company's 2023 Annual Consolidated
Financial Statements.



Business risks

In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to various business risks and uncertainties that can have an effect on the
Company's results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. While some exposures may be reduced by the Company's risk management
strategies, many risks are driven by external factors beyond the Company's control or are of a nature which cannot be eliminated. The key areas
of business risks and uncertainties described in this section are not the only ones that can affect the Company. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to management or that may currently not be considered material by management, could nevertheless also
have an adverse effect on the Company's business.


Competition
The Company faces significant competition, including from rail carriers and other modes of transportation, and is also affected by its
customers' flexibility to select among various origins and destinations, including ports, in getting their products to market. Specifically, the
Company faces competition from Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited (CPKC), which operates the other major rail system in Canada and
services most of the same industrial areas, commodity resources and population centers as the Company; major U.S. railroads and other
Canadian and U.S. railroads; long-distance trucking companies, transportation via the St. Lawrence-Great Lakes Seaway and the Mississippi
River and transportation via pipelines. In addition, while railroads must build or acquire and maintain their rail systems, motor carriers and
barges are able to use public rights-of-way that are built and maintained by public entities without paying fees covering the entire costs of their
usage.




                                                                                                                                                CN | 2023 Annual Report        59
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Competition is generally based on the quality and the reliability of the service provided, access to markets, as well as price. Factors affecting
the competitive position of customers, including exchange rates and energy cost, could materially adversely affect the demand for goods
supplied by the sources served by the Company and, therefore, the Company's volumes, revenues and profit margins. Factors affecting the
general market conditions for the Company's customers can result in an imbalance of transportation capacity relative to demand. An extended
period of supply/demand imbalance could negatively impact market rate levels for all transportation services, and more specifically the
Company's ability to maintain or increase rates. This, in turn, could materially and adversely affect the Company's business, results of
operations or financial position.


Previous consolidation of rail systems in the U.S. have resulted in larger rail systems that are in a position to compete effectively with the
Company in numerous markets.


There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete effectively against current or future competitors in the transportation
industry, or that further consolidation within the transportation industry and legislation allowing for more leniency in size and weight for motor
carriers will not adversely affect the Company's competitive position. No assurance can be given that competitive pressures in transportation
markets will not lead to reduced revenues, profit margins or both.


Environmental matters
The Company's operations are subject to numerous federal, provincial, state, municipal and local environmental laws and regulations in Canada
and the U.S. concerning, among other things, emissions into the air; discharges into waters; the generation, handling, storage, transportation,
treatment and disposal of waste, hazardous substances and other materials; decommissioning of underground and aboveground storage
tanks; and soil and groundwater contamination. A risk of environmental liability is inherent in railroad and related transportation operations; real
estate ownership, operation or control; and other commercial activities of the Company with respect to both current and past operations. As a
result, the Company incurs significant operating and capital costs, on an ongoing basis, associated with environmental regulatory compliance
and clean-up requirements in its railroad operations and relating to its past and present ownership, operation or control of real property.


While the Company believes that it has identified the costs likely to be incurred for environmental matters in the next several years based on
known information, the discovery of new facts, the participation and financial viability of other parties responsible for any such liability, future
changes in laws, the possibility of releases of hazardous materials into the environment and the Company's ongoing efforts to identify potential
environmental liabilities that may be associated with its properties may result in the identification of additional environmental liabilities and
related costs.


In railroad and related transportation operations, it is possible that derailments or other accidents, including spills and releases of hazardous
materials, may occur that could cause harm to human health or to the environment. In addition, the Company is also exposed to potential
catastrophic liability risk, faced by the railroad industry in general, in connection with the transportation of toxic inhalation hazard materials
such as chlorine and anhydrous ammonia, or other dangerous commodities such as crude oil and propane that the Company may be required
to transport as a result of its common carrier obligations. Therefore, the Company may incur costs in the future, which may be material, to
address any such harm, compliance with laws or other risks, including costs relating to the performance of clean-ups, payment of
environmental penalties and remediation obligations, and damages relating to harm to individuals or property.


The environmental liability for any given contaminated site varies depending on the nature and extent of the contamination; the available clean-
up techniques; evolving regulatory standards governing environmental liability; and the number of potentially responsible parties and their
financial viability. As such, the ultimate cost of addressing known contaminated sites cannot be definitively established. Also, additional
contaminated sites yet unknown may be discovered or future operations may result in accidental releases.


While some exposures may be reduced by the Company's risk mitigation strategies (including periodic audits, employee training programs,
emergency plans and procedures, and insurance), many environmental risks are driven by external factors beyond the Company's control or are
of a nature which cannot be completely eliminated. Therefore, there can be no assurance, notwithstanding the Company's mitigation strategies,
that liabilities or costs related to environmental matters will not be incurred in the future or that environmental matters will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity, or reputation.




60   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Personal injury and other claims
In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved in various legal actions seeking compensatory and occasionally punitive
damages, including actions brought on behalf of various purported classes of claimants and claims relating to employee and third-party
personal injuries, occupational disease, and property damage, arising out of harm to individuals or property allegedly caused by, but not limited
to, derailments or other accidents. The Company maintains provisions for such items, which it considers to be adequate for all of its
outstanding or pending claims and benefits from insurance coverage for occurrences in excess of certain amounts. The final outcome with
respect to actions outstanding or pending at December 31, 2023, or with respect to future claims, cannot be predicted with certainty, and
therefore there can be no assurance that their resolution will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations,
financial position or liquidity, in a particular quarter or fiscal year.


Labor negotiations
The working conditions of the Company's unionized workforce are governed by collective agreements which are negotiated from time to time.
Disputes relating to the renewal of collective agreements have previously resulted in and could in the future potentially result in strikes,
lockouts, slowdown of the business and ultimately loss of business. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to renew and
have its collective agreements ratified without a strike or lockout or that the resolution of these negotiations will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company's results or financial position. Future labor agreements could increase labor and fringe benefits and related expenses.


Economic conditions
The Company is susceptible to changes in the economic conditions of the industries and geographic areas that produce and consume the
freight it transports or the supplies it requires to operate. In addition, many of the goods and commodities carried by the Company experience
cyclical demand. For example, the volatility in domestic and global energy markets could impact the demand for transportation services as well
as impact the Company's fuel costs and surcharges, and such price increases could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of
operations. In addition, the volatility in other commodity markets such as coal and iron ore could have an impact on volumes. Many of the bulk
commodities the Company transports move offshore and are affected more by global rather than North American economic conditions.
Adverse North American and global economic conditions, or economic or industrial restructuring, that affect the producers and consumers of
the commodities carried by the Company, including customer insolvency, may have a material adverse effect on the volume of rail shipments
and/or revenues from commodities carried by the Company, and thus materially and negatively affect its results of operations, financial
position, or liquidity. Moreover, supply chain disruptions in North America and internationally, including labor shortages or other services
disruptions affecting trucking, ports, handling facilities, customer facilities or other railroads, may adversely affect volumes of goods and
timelines, and therefore adversely affect CN’s operations and financial results.


Regulation
The Company is subject to regulatory and legislative initiatives in the operation of its business.


Economic regulation – Canada
The Company's rail operations in Canada are subject to economic regulation by the Canadian Transportation Agency under the Canada
Transportation Act, which provides rate and service remedies, including final offer arbitration, long-haul interswitching rates and mandatory
interswitching. It also regulates the maximum revenue entitlement for the movement of regulated grain, charges for railway ancillary services
and noise-related disputes. In addition, various Company business transactions must gain prior regulatory approval, with attendant risks and
uncertainties, and the Company is subject to government oversight with respect to rate, service and business practice issues.


Economic regulation – U.S.
The Company's U.S. rail operations are subject to economic regulation by the STB. The STB serves as both an adjudicatory and regulatory body
and has jurisdiction over certain railroad rate and service issues and rail restructuring transactions such as mergers, line sales, line construction
and line abandonments. As such, various Company business transactions must gain prior regulatory approval and aspects of its pricing and
service practices may be subject to challenge, with attendant risks and uncertainties. Recent proposals in proceedings undertaken by the STB in
a number of significant matters remain pending.




                                                                                                                       CN | 2023 Annual Report   61
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Safety regulation – Canada
The Company's rail operations in Canada are subject to safety regulation by the Minister under the Railway Safety Act as well as the rail portions
of other safety-related statutes, which are administered by Transport Canada. The Company may be required to transport toxic inhalation
hazard materials as a result of its common carrier obligations and, as such, is also subject to additional regulatory oversight in Canada. The
Transportation of Dangerous Goods Act, also administered by Transport Canada, establishes the safety requirements for the transportation of
goods classified as dangerous and enables the adoption of regulations for security training and screening of personnel working with dangerous
goods, as well as the development of a program to require a transportation security clearance for dangerous goods, the tracking of dangerous
goods during transport and the development of an emergency response plan.


Safety regulation – U.S.
The Company's U.S. rail operations are subject to safety regulation by the FRA under the Federal Railroad Safety Act as well as rail portions of
other safety statutes, with the transportation of certain hazardous commodities also governed by regulations promulgated by the Pipeline and
Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA). PHMSA requires carriers operating in the U.S. to report annually the volume and route-
specific data for cars containing these commodities; conduct a safety and security risk analysis for each used route; identify a commercially
practicable alternative route for each used route; and select for use the practical route posing the least safety and security risk. In addition, the
Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires rail carriers to provide upon request, within five minutes for a single car and 30 minutes
for multiple cars, location and shipping information on cars on their networks containing toxic inhalation hazard materials and certain
radioactive or explosive materials; and ensure the secure, attended transfer of all such cars to and from shippers, receivers and other carriers
that will move from, to, or through designated high-threat urban areas.


Regulation – Vessels
The Company's vessel operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Coast Guard and the Department of Transportation, Maritime
Administration, which regulate the ownership and operation of vessels operating on the Great Lakes and in U.S. coastal waters. In addition, the
Environmental Protection Agency has authority to regulate air emissions from these vessels.


Security
The Company is subject to statutory and regulatory directives in the U.S. addressing homeland security concerns. In the U.S., safety matters
related to security are overseen by the TSA, which is part of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and PHMSA, which, like the FRA,
is part of the U.S. Department of Transportation. Border security falls under the jurisdiction of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), which
is part of the DHS. In Canada, the Company is subject to regulation by the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA). Matters related to
agriculture-related shipments crossing the Canada/U.S. border also fall under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and
the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the U.S. and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) in Canada. More specifically, the Company
is subject to:
•    border security arrangements, pursuant to an agreement the Company and CPKC entered into with the CBP and the CBSA;
•    the CBP's Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) program and designation as a low-risk carrier under CBSA's Customs
     Self-Assessment (CSA) program;
•    regulations imposed by the CBP requiring advance notification by all modes of transportation for all shipments into the U.S. The CBSA is
     also working on similar requirements for Canada-bound traffic;
•    inspection for imported fruits and vegetables grown in Canada and the agricultural quarantine and inspection (AQI) user fee for all traffic
     entering the U.S. from Canada; and
•    gamma ray screening of cargo entering the U.S. from Canada, and potential security and agricultural inspections at the Canada/U.S.
     border.


The Company has worked with the AAR to develop and put in place an extensive industry-wide security plan to address terrorism and security-
driven efforts by state and local governments seeking to restrict the routings of certain hazardous materials. If such state and local routing
restrictions were to go into force, they would be likely to add to security concerns by foreclosing the Company's most optimal and secure
transportation routes, leading to increased yard handling, longer hauls, and the transfer of traffic to lines less suitable for moving hazardous
materials, while also infringing upon the exclusive and uniform federal oversight over railroad security matters.


While the Company will continue to work closely with the CBSA, CBP, and other Canadian and U.S. agencies, as described above, no assurance
can be given that these and future decisions by the U.S., Canadian, provincial, state, or local governments on homeland security matters,
legislation on security matters enacted by the U.S. Congress or Parliament, or joint decisions by the industry in response to threats to the North
American rail network, will not materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations, or its competitive and financial position.


62    CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Transportation of hazardous materials
As a result of its common carrier obligations, the Company is legally required to transport dangerous goods and hazardous materials, including
toxic inhalation hazard materials regardless of risk or potential exposure or loss. A train accident involving the transport of these commodities
could result in significant costs and claims for personal injury, property damage, environmental penalties and remediation in excess of
insurance coverage for these risks, which may materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations, or its competitive and financial
position.


No assurance can be given that these and any other current or future regulatory or legislative initiatives by the Canadian or U.S. federal
government and agencies will not materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations or its competitive and financial position.


Pandemic risk
Severe disruptions in regional economies and the world economy can be caused by the outbreak of a contagious illness, such as the COVID-19
pandemic. Such pandemics and efforts to contain them could result in international, national and local border closings, travel restrictions,
significant disruptions to business operations, supply chains, customer activity and demand, service cancellations, reductions and other
changes, significant challenges in healthcare service preparation and delivery, and quarantines, as well as considerable general concern and
uncertainty, all of which could negatively affect the economic environment and may in the future have further impacts, as was the case for the
COVID-19 pandemic. It is not possible to predict what measures and restrictions may be imposed by governmental authorities and the period of
time during which those measures and restrictions may apply. Economic and supply chain disruptions, including temporary staff shortages
resulting from a pandemic, could further materially affect the Company's financial results and operations. A pandemic could also further and
significantly impact freight demand and commodity prices in connection with ensuing economic disruption, supply shortages, trade disruption,
temporary staff shortages and temporary closures of facilities in geographic locations more importantly impacted by the outbreak. The scope
and severity of such disruptions and their impact on the Company's financial results and operations could be material.


Pension funding volatility
The Company's funding requirements for its defined benefit pension plans are determined using actuarial valuations. See the section of this
MD&A entitled Critical accounting estimates – Pensions and other postretirement benefits for information relating to the funding of the
Company's defined benefit pension plans. Adverse changes with respect to pension plan returns and the level of interest rates as well as
changes to existing federal pension legislation and regulation may significantly impact future pension contributions and have a material
adverse effect on the funding status of the plans and the Company's results of operations.


There can be no assurance that the Company's pension expense and funding of its defined benefit pension plans will not increase in the future
and thereby negatively impact earnings and/or cash flow.


Reliance on technology and related cybersecurity risk
The Company relies on information technology operated by it or under the control of third parties in all aspects of its business. The Company’s
and its key third-party vendors’ information technology systems are critical to its ability to safely and effectively meet customer expectations,
track, maintain, and operate trains and related vehicles, manage employees, and interface with customers, suppliers, vendors, and other third
parties.




                                                                                                                    CN | 2023 Annual Report   63
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Company and its third-party vendors and service providers have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, data
breaches, cyber-attacks and other similar incidents. These incidents may include, among other things, malware, ransomware, distributed denial
of service attacks, social engineering, phishing, theft, malfeasance or improper access by employees or third-party vendors, human error, fraud,
or other modes of attack or disruption. Security threats continue to grow, are increasing in frequency, levels of persistence, intensity and
sophistication, and can come from nation states, organized criminals, hacktivists and others. The Company and its third-party vendors and
service providers are at heightened risk due to the Company’s position as a critical component of both the Canadian and U.S. infrastructure and
may be impacted by cyber-attacks or security incidents, whether accidental or malicious. While the Company has security and mitigation
programs, including business continuity and disaster recovery plans, in place to protect its operations, as well as information and technology
assets, a cyber-attack, significant disruption or failure of its information technology and communications systems or those of its third-party
vendors or service providers, including system failure, security breach, disruption by malware or other damage could interrupt or delay the
Company’s operations, result in service interruptions, safety failures, security violations, regulatory compliance failures or other operational
difficulties, damage its reputation, cause a loss of customers, vendors, suppliers, agents, or third-party capacity providers and lead to
misappropriation of assets, misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, and unauthorized system and data access or
disclosures. The Company may experience security breaches that could remain undetected for an extended period and, therefore, have a
greater impact on the services provided. A cyber incident or interruption of information technology systems, even for short periods of time,
could expose the Company to a risk of loss, litigation, regulatory oversight, enforcement actions, damage to its reputation or cause it to incur
significant time and expense to remedy such an event, any of which could have a material adverse impact on its operational and financial
position.


Cybersecurity laws and regulations continue to evolve, and are increasingly demanding, both in the U.S. and Canada, which adds compliance
complexity and may increase the Company’s costs of compliance and expose it to reputational damage or litigation, monetary damages,
regulatory enforcement actions, or fines. The Company has invested and continues to invest in technology security initiatives, information
technology risk management, business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and other security and mitigation programs to meet evolving
network and cybersecurity expectations and regulations. The development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing
monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more frequent, intense, and
sophisticated. Despite the Company’s efforts, however, it remains subject to the risk of cyber-attacks that could have a material adverse impact
on its operational and financial position.


In addition, if the Company is unable to acquire or implement new technology, the Company may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the
rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could also have an adverse effect on its operational
and financial position.


Trade restrictions
Global as well as North American trade conditions, including trade barriers on certain commodities, may interfere with the free circulation of
goods across Canada and the U.S. or the cost associated therewith.


There can be no assurance that trade actions will not materially adversely affect the volume of rail shipments and/or revenues from
commodities carried by the Company, and thus materially and negatively impact earnings and/or cash flow.


Terrorism and international conflicts
Potential terrorist actions can have a direct or indirect impact on the transportation infrastructure, including railway infrastructure in North
America, and can interfere with the free flow of goods. Rail lines, facilities and equipment could be directly targeted or become indirect
casualties, which could interfere with the free flow of goods. International conflicts, including war, can also have an impact on the Company's
markets. Government response to such events could adversely affect the Company's operations. Insurance premiums could also increase
significantly or coverage could become unavailable.


Customer credit risk
In the normal course of business, the Company monitors the financial condition and credit limits of its customers and reviews the credit history
of each new customer. Although the Company believes there are no significant concentrations of credit risk, economic conditions can affect
the Company's customers and can result in an increase to the Company's credit risk and exposure to the business failures of its customers. A
widespread deterioration of customer credit and/or business failures of customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
results of operations, financial position or liquidity.




64    CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Liquidity
Disruptions in financial markets or deterioration of the Company's credit ratings could hinder the Company's access to external sources of
funding to meet its liquidity needs. There can be no assurance that changes in the financial markets will not have a negative effect on the
Company's liquidity and its access to capital at acceptable terms and rates.


Supplier concentration
The Company operates in a capital-intensive industry where the complexity of rail equipment (including rolling stock equipment, locomotives,
rail and ties) limits the number of suppliers available. The Company also competes with other industries for available capacity and raw
materials used in the production of locomotives and certain rail and rolling stock equipment. The supply market could be disrupted if changes
in the economy caused any of the Company's suppliers to cease production or to experience capacity or supply shortages. The supply market
could become further concentrated and could result in changes to the product or service offerings by suppliers. This could also result in cost
increases to the Company and difficulty in obtaining and maintaining the Company's rail equipment and materials. Since the Company also has
foreign suppliers, international relations, trade restrictions and global economic and other conditions may potentially interfere with the
Company's ability to procure necessary equipment and materials. Widespread business failures of, or restrictions on suppliers, could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or financial position.


Availability of qualified personnel
The Company may experience demographic challenges in the employment levels of its workforce. Changes in employee demographics, training
requirements and the availability of qualified personnel, particularly locomotive engineers and conductors and information technologists, could
negatively impact the Company's ability to meet demand for rail service. The Company monitors employment levels and seeks to ensure that
there is an adequate supply of personnel to meet rail service requirements. However, the Company's efforts to attract and retain qualified
personnel may be hindered by specific conditions in the job market. No assurance can be given that demographic or other challenges will not
materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations or its financial position.


Fuel costs and supply disruptions
The Company is susceptible to the volatility of fuel prices due to changes in the economy or supply disruptions. Rapid fluctuations in fuel prices
or fuel supply disruptions can occur due to refinery disruptions, production quota restrictions, increased demand in existing or emerging foreign
markets, climate, international politics, labor and political instability, as well as war. Increases in fuel prices or supply disruptions may materially
adversely affect the Company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity.


Foreign exchange
The Company conducts its business in both Canada and the U.S. and as a result, is affected by currency fluctuations. Changes in the exchange
rate between the Canadian dollar and other currencies (including the US dollar) make the goods transported by the Company more or less
competitive in the world marketplace and thereby may adversely affect the Company's revenues and expenses.


Interest rates
The Company is exposed to interest rate risk relating to the Company's debt. The Company mainly issues fixed-rate debt, which exposes the
Company to variability in the fair value of the debt. The Company also issues debt with variable interest rates, which exposes the Company to
variability in interest expense. Adverse changes to market interest rates may significantly impact the fair value or future cash flows of the
Company's financial instruments. There can be no assurance that changes in the market interest rates will not have a negative effect on the
Company's results of operations or liquidity.




                                                                                                                          CN | 2023 Annual Report   65
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Transportation network disruptions
Due to the integrated nature of the North American freight transportation infrastructure, the Company's operations may be negatively affected
by service disruptions of its own network, including illegal blockades, as well as of other transportation links such as ports and other railroads
which interchange with the Company. A significant prolonged service disruption of CN's network or one or more of these entities could have an
adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity. Furthermore, deterioration in the cooperative relationships
with the Company's connecting carriers could directly affect the Company's operations.


Severe weather
The Company's success is dependent on its ability to operate its railroad efficiently. Severe weather and natural disasters, such as extreme cold
or heat, flooding, droughts, fires, hurricanes, landslides and earthquakes, can disrupt operations and service for the railroad, affect the
performance of locomotives and rolling stock, disrupt operations for both the Company and its customers as well as damage the Company's
infrastructure or properties. Changes in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity or duration
of certain adverse weather conditions. Business interruptions resulting from severe weather could result in increased costs, including
modifications to existing infrastructure or implementation of new infrastructure to prevent or reduce severity of future impacts to the
Company's business, and increased liabilities and lower revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity. If any natural occurrence leads to catastrophic interruption of service, the Company may not be able
to restore service without a significant interruption in operations.


Insurance maintained by the Company to protect against loss of business and other related consequences resulting from these natural
occurrences is subject to coverage limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. This insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of
the Company's damages or damages to others, and may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates.


Climate change


Market changes
The Company’s business is based on transporting a wide variety of commodities from suppliers to the marketplace. The Company regularly
transports energy commodities that serve refineries, processing locations, and end-users across North America and global markets. The
Company’s business lines include thermal and metallurgical coal, crude oil and petroleum products, including liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil,
asphalt, gasoline, condensate (diluent), and lubricant oils. Shifting consumer demand to lower-carbon products and increased climate-focused
regulations, such as carbon pricing and fuel regulations, may bring about a broad transition in the energy sector. Programs that place a price on
carbon emissions or other government restrictions on certain market sectors may further impact current and potential freight rail customers in
the energy sector. A comprehensive transition in the energy sector could significantly impact the markets of the Company's energy customers
or lead to market differentiation through geographic variation in policies and demand trends. A portion of the Company’s business could be
materially affected by potential future changes and instability of such a transition. Government incentives encouraging the use of alternative
sources of energy also could affect certain of the Company's customers and the markets for certain of the commodities it carries in a manner
that could alter our traffic patterns. Climate change could affect the markets for, or the volume of, the goods the Company carries or otherwise
have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial positions or liquidity.


Government actions
Government action or inaction to address climate change could also affect CN. The Company is currently subject to climate change and other
emissions-related laws and regulations that have been proposed and, in some cases adopted, at the federal, provincial and state levels. While
CN is continually focused on efficiency improvements and reducing its carbon footprint, cap and trade systems, carbon taxes, or other controls
on emissions of greenhouse gases imposed by various government bodies could increase the Company's capital and operating costs. An
escalating price on carbon emissions could materially increase direct costs related to fuel purchases and indirect expenses related to
purchased goods, materials, and electricity required to operate our business. The Company may not be able to offset such impacts through, for
example, higher freight rates. Climate change legislation and regulation could also affect CN's customers; make it difficult for CN's customers
to produce products in a cost-competitive manner due to increased energy costs; and increase legal costs related to defending and resolving
legal claims and other litigation related to climate change.




66   CN | 2023 Annual Report
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Reputation
The Company has a well-recognized brand that our customers associate with quality and safe transportation services. Failure to maintain
quality, ethical and socially responsible operations across the Company's supply chain could materially adversely affect its brand and
reputation. Public concerns about the environmental impact of the Company’s operations could also negatively impact consumers’ perceptions
of the Company’s brand and reputation. Any negative publicity about, or significant damage to, the Company’s brand and reputation could have
an adverse impact on customer perception and confidence, which could materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations or its
financial position. Also, the pervasiveness and viral nature of social media could exacerbate any negative publicity with respect to the
Company's business practices.


Moreover, increasing governmental and public awareness and concern about ESG matters, notably climate change, sustainability, diversity and
Indigenous relations, could result in enhanced legal requirements or public expectations, in each case, that aim or require to expand the nature,
scope and complexity of matters that the Company is required to control, assess, comply with or report. The Company's inability to meet
evolving requirements and/or expectations could materially adversely affect the Company's brand and reputation, which could in turn materially
adversely affect the Company's results of operations or its financial position. The Company's access to capital could also be negatively
affected if financial institutions, rating agencies and/or lenders adopt more restrictive ESG policies that the Company may not be able to meet.


Additionally, CN has set a number of specific climate targets, which are subject to ongoing disclosure by the Company. Achieving these targets
is subject to several risks and uncertainties, and there can be no certainty that the Company will achieve these targets within the stated
timeframe, or that achieving any of these targets will meet all of the expectations of its stakeholders or applicable legal requirements. Risks
associated with achieving the Company's climate targets include but are not limited to future investments in and the availability of greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions-reduction tools and technologies, significant changes in the Company's GHG emissions profile as a result of changes to
its railway asset base, the Company's ability to work with governments and third parties to mitigate the impacts of climate change, domestic
and international economic conditions, including exchange rates, the effects of competition and regulation, uncertainties in the financial
markets, capital spending, actions of vendors, the willingness of customers to acquire our services, cost of network expansion, maintenance
and retrofits, and physical impact of climate change on our business. Also, the implementation of these objectives may expose it to certain
additional heightened financial and operational risks, and is expected to require additional costs, which may be higher than anticipated. If the
Company is unable to achieve its climate targets or satisfy the expectations of its stakeholders, its brand and reputation could be materially and
adversely affected.



Controls and procedures

The Company's Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2023, have concluded that the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures were effective.


During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2023, there were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.


As of December 31, 2023, management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company's
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023, and issued Management's Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting dated January 31, 2024 to that effect.




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report   67
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.


Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 using the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2023.


KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an unqualified audit report on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023 and has also expressed an unqualified audit opinion on the Company's 2023
consolidated financial statements as stated in their Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated January 31, 2024.


(s) Tracy Robinson
President and Chief Executive Officer


January 31, 2024


(s) Ghislain Houle
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer


January 31, 2024




68   CN | 2023 Annual Report
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
Canadian National Railway Company:


Opinion on the consolidated financial statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Canadian National Railway Company (the "Company") as of December 31,
2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for
each of the years in the three‐year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the "consolidated financial
statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three‐year period ended
December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the
Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated January 31, 2024
expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.


Basis for opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Critical audit matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to
which they relate.


Evaluation of income taxes
As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the deferred income tax assets were $682 million and the deferred income tax
liabilities were $10,066 million as of December 31, 2023, and income tax expense was $863 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The
Company operates in different tax jurisdictions which requires the Company to make significant judgments and estimates in relation to its tax
positions.


We identified the evaluation of the deferred income tax assets, the deferred income tax liabilities, and income tax expense as a critical audit
matter due to the magnitude of these tax balances and complexities in the evaluation of the application of the relevant tax regulations
applicable to the Company. A high degree of auditor judgment was required in assessing certain of the Company’s tax positions and balances.




© 2023 KPMG LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International
Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved.



                                                                                                                                        CN | 2023 Annual Report       69
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating
effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company’s reconciliation and analysis of its deferred income tax balances. We involved
income tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: (1) assessing the Company’s interpretation of the relevant tax
regulations; (2) evaluating the reasonability of the Company’s tax positions; and (3) analyzing the Company’s deferred income tax balances by
comparing prior year tax estimates to actual tax returns filed, and evaluating the Company’s reconciliation of the deferred income tax balances
to the underlying temporary differences.

Evaluation of capitalization of costs relating to track and railway infrastructure
As discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, capital additions, net of finance leases, were $3,187 million for the year
ended December 31, 2023, of which $1,529 million related to track and railway infrastructure maintenance, including the replacement of rail,
ties, bridge improvements, and other general track maintenance. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, expenditures
related to self-constructed properties include direct material, labor, and contracted services, as well as other allocated costs.


We identified the evaluation of capitalization of costs relating to track and railway infrastructure as a critical audit matter. The magnitude and
complexities in self-constructed properties, as well as the judgments involved in determining whether the expenditure met the Company’s pre-
determined capitalization criteria required subjective auditor judgment.


The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating
effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company’s capital additions process, including controls related to the monitoring of
budget versus actual costs on capital projects and the Company’s assessment that the expenditures charged to projects meet the Company’s
pre-determined capitalization criteria. For a sample of capital expenditure additions, we examined underlying documentation and assessed
whether the expenditure met the Company’s pre-determined capitalization criteria. The testing was performed at a disaggregated level by type
of cost (including direct material, labor, and contracted services), and for rail, included comparisons to prior period per unit measures by region.
In addition, we examined the Company’s budget versus actual analysis on capital projects and assessed the Company’s explanations of
differences exceeding pre-determined testing thresholds.


(s) KPMG LLP


We have served as the Company's auditors since 1992.


Montréal, Canada
January 31, 2024




70   CN | 2023 Annual Report
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
Canadian National Railway Company:


Opinion on internal control over financial reporting
We have audited the Canadian National Railway Company's (the "Company") internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023,
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the
consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income,
comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023,
and the related notes (collectively the "consolidated financial statements'), and our report dated January 31, 2024 expressed an unqualified
opinion on those consolidated financial statements.


Basis for opinion
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a
public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.


Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


(s) KPMG LLP


Montréal, Canada
January 31, 2024




© 2023 KPMG LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International
Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved.


                                                                                                                                        CN | 2023 Annual Report       71
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Contents
     Consolidated Statements of Income                            73
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income              73
     Consolidated Balance Sheets                                  74
     Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity   75
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                        76


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Note 1 - Summary of significant accounting policies          77
     Note 2 - Change in accounting policy                         83
     Note 3 - Recent accounting pronouncements                    84
     Note 4 - Business acquisitions and combinations              85
     Note 5 - Revenues                                            87
     Note 6 - Assets held for sale                                87
     Note 7 - Other income (loss)                                 87
     Note 8 - Income taxes                                        88
     Note 9 - Earnings per share                                  91
     Note 10 - Accounts receivable                                91
     Note 11 - Other current assets                               91
     Note 12 - Properties                                         92
     Note 13 - Leases                                             92
     Note 14 - Intangible assets, goodwill and other              94
     Note 15 - Accounts payable and other                         94
     Note 16 - Debt                                               95
     Note 17 - Other liabilities and deferred credits             98
     Note 18 - Pensions and other postretirement benefits         99
     Note 19 - Share capital                                      108
     Note 20 - Stock-based compensation                           109
     Note 21 - Accumulated other comprehensive loss               114
     Note 22 - Major commitments and contingencies                115
     Note 23 - Financial instruments                              118
     Note 24 - Segmented information                              120
     Note 25 - Subsequent event                                   120




72    CN | 2023 Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME


In millions, except per share data                             Year ended December 31,        2023             2022              2021
Revenues (Note 5)                                                                        $   16,828    $     17,107     $     14,477
Operating expenses
   Labor and fringe benefits                                                                  3,150           2,935             2,879
   Purchased services and material                                                            2,254           2,191             2,082
   Fuel                                                                                       2,097           2,518             1,513
   Depreciation and amortization                                                              1,817           1,729             1,598
   Equipment rents                                                                             359              338                  336
   Other                                                                                       554              556                  506
   Recovery on assets held for sale (Note 6)                                                     —                —              (137)
   Transaction-related costs (Note 4)                                                            —                —                  84
Total operating expenses                                                                     10,231          10,267             8,861
Operating income                                                                              6,597           6,840             5,616
Interest expense                                                                               (722)           (548)             (610)
Other components of net periodic benefit income (Note 18)                                      479              498                  407
Merger termination fee (Note 4)                                                                  —                —                  886
Other income (loss) (Note 7)                                                                   134               (27)                43
Income before income taxes                                                                    6,488           6,763             6,342
Income tax expense (Note 8)                                                                    (863)          (1,645)          (1,443)
Net income                                                                               $    5,625    $      5,118     $       4,899
Earnings per share (Note 9)
   Basic                                                                                 $     8.55    $        7.46    $        6.91
   Diluted                                                                               $     8.53    $        7.44    $        6.90
Weighted-average number of shares (Note 9)
   Basic                                                                                      657.7           686.4             708.5
   Diluted                                                                                    659.1           688.3             710.3

See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

In millions                                                    Year ended December 31,        2023             2022              2021
Net income                                                                               $    5,625    $      5,118     $       4,899
Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 21)
   Net gain (loss) on foreign currency translation                                             (101)            366                  (52)
   Net change in pension and other postretirement benefit plans (Note 18)                      (334)           (250)            2,066
   Derivative instruments (Note 23)                                                             96                (2)                 —
Other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes                                          (339)            114             2,014
Income tax recovery (expense)                                                                   29              158              (544)
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                              (310)            272             1,470
Comprehensive income                                                                     $    5,315    $      5,390     $       6,369
See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                           CN | 2023 Annual Report    73
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


In millions                                                                         As at December 31,        2023          2022
Assets
Current assets
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           $     475     $     328
     Restricted cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                                                            449           506
     Accounts receivable (Note 10)                                                                            1,300         1,371
     Material and supplies                                                                                     699           692
  Other current assets (Note 11)                                                                                166           320
Total current assets                                                                                          3,089         3,217
Properties (Note 12)                                                                                         44,617        43,537
Operating lease right-of-use assets (Note 13)                                                                  424           470
Pension asset (Note 18)                                                                                       3,140         3,033
Deferred income tax assets (Note 8)                                                                            682             —
Intangible assets, goodwill and other (Note 14)                                                                714           405
Total assets                                                                                             $   52,666    $   50,662


Liabilities and shareholders' equity
Current liabilities
     Accounts payable and other (Note 15)                                                                $    2,695    $    2,785
  Current portion of long-term debt (Note 16)                                                                 2,340         1,057
Total current liabilities                                                                                     5,035         3,842
Deferred income tax liabilities (Note 8)                                                                     10,066         9,796
Other liabilities and deferred credits (Note 17)                                                               522           441
Pension and other postretirement benefits (Note 18)                                                            495           486
Long-term debt (Note 16)                                                                                     16,133        14,372
Operating lease liabilities (Note 13)                                                                           298           341
Total liabilities                                                                                            32,549        29,278
Shareholders' equity
     Common shares (Note 19)                                                                                  3,512         3,613
     Common shares in Share Trusts (Note 19)                                                                   (144)        (170)
     Additional paid-in capital                                                                                373           381
     Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 21)                                                          (2,279)       (1,969)
     Retained earnings                                                                                       18,655        19,529
Total shareholders' equity                                                                                   20,117        21,384
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                                               $   52,666    $   50,662
See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




On behalf of the Board of Directors:



(s) Shauneen Bruder                                            (s) Tracy Robinson
Director                                                       Director




74     CN | 2023 Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY


                                                           Number of               Common                Accumulated
                                                         common shares             shares in Additional        other                         Total
                                                                    Share Common      Share    paid-in comprehensive         Retained shareholders'
In millions                                             Outstanding Trusts  shares   Trusts     capital         loss         earnings       equity
Balance at December 31, 2020                                   710.3    1.3     $3,698    $ (115)   $   379    $   (3,711)    $19,400    $   19,651
Net income                                                                                                                     4,899          4,899
Stock options exercised                                          0.7               60                    (8)                                     52
Settlement of equity settled awards (Note 19)                    0.4    (0.4)                38         (60)                     (42)            (64)
Stock-based compensation and other                                                                       86                        (2)           84
Repurchase of common shares (Note 19)                          (10.3)              (54)                                        (1,528)       (1,582)
Share purchases by Share Trusts (Note 19)                       (0.2)   0.2                  (26)                                                (26)
Other comprehensive income (Note 21)                                                                               1,470                      1,470
Dividends ($2.46 per share)                                                                                                    (1,740)       (1,740)
Balance at December 31, 2021                                   700.9    1.1      3,704     (103)        397        (2,241)    20,987         22,744
Net income                                                                                                                     5,118          5,118
Stock options exercised                                          0.6               70                    (9)                                     61
Settlement of equity settled awards (Note 19)                    0.4    (0.4)                38         (84)                     (22)            (68)
Stock-based compensation and other                                                                       77                        (2)           75
Repurchase of common shares (Note 19)                          (30.2)            (161)                                         (4,548)       (4,709)
Share purchases by Share Trusts (Note 19)                       (0.7)   0.7                (105)                                               (105)
Other comprehensive income (Note 21)                                                                                 272                         272
Dividends ($2.93 per share)                                                                                                    (2,004)       (2,004)
Balance at December 31, 2022                                   671.0    1.4      3,613     (170)        381        (1,969)    19,529         21,384
Net income                                                                                                                     5,625          5,625
Stock options exercised                                          0.5               56                    (7)                                     49
Settlement of equity settled awards (Note 19)                    0.5    (0.5)                54         (77)                     (32)            (55)
Stock-based compensation and other                                                                       76                        (2)           74
Repurchase of common shares (Note 19)                          (29.1)            (157)                                         (4,394)       (4,551)
Share purchases by Share Trusts (Note 19)                       (0.2)   0.2                  (28)                                                (28)
Other comprehensive loss (Note 21)                                                                                  (310)                      (310)
Dividends ($3.16 per share)                                                                                                    (2,071)       (2,071)
Balance at December 31, 2023                                   642.7    1.1     $3,512    $ (144)   $   373    $   (2,279)    $18,655    $   20,117

See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                       CN | 2023 Annual Report    75
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


In millions                                                              Year ended December 31,          2023          2022          2021
Operating activities
Net income                                                                                           $ 5,625       $ 5,118       $ 4,899
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization                                                                          1,817         1,729         1,598
  Pension income and funding                                                                              (418)         (387)         (314)
  Amortization of bridge financing and other fees (Note 4)                                                   —             —            97
  Recovery on assets held for sale (Note 6)                                                                  —             —          (137)
  Gain on disposal of property (Note 7)                                                                   (129)            —             —
  Deferred income taxes (Note 8)                                                                          (288)          404           513
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
   Accounts receivable                                                                                      71          (290)          (22)
   Material and supplies                                                                                   (18)          (82)           (7)
   Accounts payable and other                                                                             (191)           (9)          141
   Other current assets                                                                                     85           (30)           35
  Other operating activities, net                                                                          411           214           168
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                6,965         6,667         6,971
Investing activities
Property additions                                                                                       (3,187)       (2,750)       (2,891)
Advance for acquisition and other transaction-related costs (Note 4)                                          —             —          (908)
Refund of advance for acquisition (Note 4)                                                                    —             —           886
Business acquisitions and combinations (Note 4)                                                            (390)            —             —
Proceeds from assets held for sale (Note 6)                                                                   —           273             —
Proceeds from disposal of property (Note 7)                                                                 129             —             —
Other investing activities, net                                                                             (20)          (33)           40
Net cash used in investing activities                                                                    (3,468)       (2,510)       (2,873)
Financing activities
Issuance of debt (Note 16)                                                                                2,554         1,899           403
Repayment of debt (Note 16)                                                                                (250)         (383)         (861)
Change in commercial paper, net (Note 16)                                                                   908           563            66
Bridge financing and other fees (Note 4)                                                                      —             —           (97)
Settlement of foreign exchange forward contracts on debt                                                     38            79            (8)
Issuance of common shares for stock options exercised (Note 20)                                              49            61            52
Withholding taxes remitted on the net settlement of equity settled awards (Note 20)                         (51)          (44)          (37)
Repurchase of common shares (Note 19)                                                                    (4,551)       (4,709)       (1,582)
Purchase of common shares for settlement of equity settled awards                                            (4)          (24)          (27)
Purchase of common shares by Share Trusts (Note 19)                                                         (28)         (105)          (26)
Dividends paid                                                                                           (2,071)       (2,004)       (1,740)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                                    (3,406)       (4,667)       (3,857)
Effect of foreign exchange fluctuations on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted
  cash equivalents                                                                                           (1)           3             —
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash
  equivalents                                                                                               90          (507)          241
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of year                834         1,341         1,100
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of year                $     924     $     834     $ 1,341
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                               $     475     $     328     $     838
Restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                          449           506           503
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of year                $     924     $     834     $ 1,341
Supplemental cash flow information
  Interest paid                                                                                      $ (776)       $ (542)       $    (512)
  Income taxes paid (Note 8)                                                                         $ (1,197)     $ (1,288)     $    (759)
See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




76    CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Canadian National Railway Company, together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, collectively "CN" or the "Company", is engaged in the rail and
related transportation business. CN spans Canada and the United States of America (U.S.), connecting Canada’s Eastern and Western coasts
with the U.S. South. CN's freight revenues are derived from the movement of a diversified and balanced portfolio of goods, including petroleum
and chemicals, grain and fertilizers, coal, metals and minerals, forest products, intermodal and automotive.



1 – Summary of significant accounting policies

Basis of presentation
These consolidated financial statements are expressed in Canadian dollars, except where otherwise indicated, and have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as codified in the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC).


Principles of consolidation
These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries and variable interest entities for which the Company is the
primary beneficiary. The Company is the primary beneficiary of the Employee Benefit Plan Trusts ("Share Trusts") as the Company has the
direct ability to make decisions regarding the Share Trusts' principal activities. The Company's investments in which it has significant influence
are accounted for using the equity method and all other investments for which fair value is not readily determinable are accounted for at cost
minus impairment, plus or minus observable price changes.


Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. On an ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates, including those related to goodwill, intangible assets, identified assets
and liabilities acquired in business combinations, income taxes, depreciation, pensions and other postretirement benefits, personal injury and
other claims, and environmental matters, based upon available information. Actual results could differ from these estimates.


Revenues
Nature of services
The Company's revenues consist of freight revenues and other revenues. Freight revenues include revenue from the movement of freight over
rail and are derived from the following seven commodity groups:
•   Petroleum and chemicals, which includes chemicals and plastics, refined petroleum products, crude and condensate, and sulfur;
•   Metals and minerals, which includes energy materials, metals, minerals, and iron ore;
•   Forest products, which includes lumber, pulp, paper, and panels;
•   Coal, which includes coal and petroleum coke;
•   Grain and fertilizers, which includes Canadian regulated grain, Canadian commercial grain, U.S. grain, potash and other fertilizers;
•   Intermodal, which includes rail and trucking services for domestic and international traffic; and
•   Automotive, which includes finished vehicles and auto parts.


Freight revenues also comprise revenues for optional services beyond the basic movement of freight including asset use, switching, storage,
and other services.


Other revenues are derived from non-rail logistics services that support the Company's rail business including vessels and docks, transloading
and distribution, automotive logistics, and freight forwarding and transportation management.


Revenue recognition
Revenues are recognized when control of promised services is transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the
Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those services.


The Company accounts for contracts with customers when it has approval and commitment from both parties, each party's rights have been
identified, payment terms are defined, the contract has commercial substance and collection is probable. For contracts that involve multiple
performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract based on relative
standalone selling prices and recognizes revenue when, or as, performance obligations in the contract are satisfied.


                                                                                                                      CN | 2023 Annual Report   77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Revenues are presented net of taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities.


Freight revenues
Freight services are arranged through publicly-available tariffs or customer-specific agreements that establish the pricing, terms and conditions
for freight services offered by the Company. For revenue recognition purposes, a contract for the movement of freight over rail exists when
shipping instructions are sent by a customer and have been accepted by the Company in connection with the relevant tariff or customer-
specific agreement.


Revenues for the movement of freight over rail are recognized over time due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer as freight
moves from origin to destination. Progress towards completion of the performance obligation is measured based on the transit time of freight
from origin to destination. The allocation of revenues between periods is based on the relative transit time in each period with expenses
recorded as incurred. Revenues related to freight contracts that require the involvement of another rail carrier to move freight from origin to
destination are reported on a net basis. Freight movements are completed over a short period of time and are generally completed before
payment is due. Freight receivables are included in Accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


The Company has no material contract assets associated with freight revenues.


Contract liabilities represent consideration received from customers for which the related performance obligation has not been satisfied.
Contract liabilities are recognized into revenues when or as the related performance obligation is satisfied. The Company includes contract
liabilities within Accounts payable and other and Other liabilities and deferred credits on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


Revenues for optional services are recognized at a point in time or over time as performance obligations are satisfied, depending on the nature
of the service.


Freight contracts may be subject to variable consideration in the form of volume-based incentives, rebates, or other items, which affect the
transaction price. Variable consideration is recognized as revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. Variable consideration is accrued on the basis of management's best estimate of the expected
amount, which is based on available historical, current and forecasted information.


Other revenues
Other revenues are recognized at a point in time or over time as performance obligations are satisfied, depending on the nature of the service.


Income taxes
The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, the change in the net
deferred income tax asset or liability is included in the computation of Net income or Other comprehensive income (loss). Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled.


Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of basic shares outstanding during the period. The weighted-average
number of basic shares outstanding excludes shares held in the Share Trusts and includes vested equity settled stock-based compensation
awards other than stock options. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of diluted shares outstanding
during the period, applying the treasury stock method. The weighted-average number of diluted shares outstanding includes the dilutive effects
of common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options and nonvested equity settled awards.


Foreign currency
All of the Company's foreign subsidiaries use the US dollar as their functional currency. Accordingly, the foreign subsidiaries' assets and
liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date and the revenues and expenses are
translated at the average exchange rates during the year. All adjustments resulting from the translation of the foreign operations are recorded in
Other comprehensive income (loss).




78    CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company designates the US dollar-denominated debt of the parent company as a foreign currency hedge of its net investment in foreign
operations. Accordingly, foreign exchange gains and losses, from the dates of designation, on the translation of the US dollar-denominated debt
are included in Other comprehensive income (loss).


Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid investments purchased three months or less from maturity and are stated at cost plus accrued
interest, which approximates fair value.


Restricted cash and cash equivalents
The Company has the option, under its bilateral letter of credit facility agreements with various banks, to pledge collateral in the form of cash
and cash equivalents for a minimum term of one month, equal to at least the face value of the letters of credit issued. Restricted cash and cash
equivalents include highly liquid investments purchased three months or less from maturity and are stated at cost plus accrued interest, which
approximates fair value.


Accounts receivable
Accounts receivable are recorded at cost net of billing adjustments and an allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is based
on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that
affect the collectibility of the reported amount. When a receivable is deemed uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance for credit
losses. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to bad debt expense in Other expense in the Consolidated
Statements of Income.


Material and supplies
Material and supplies, which consist mainly of rail, ties, and other items for construction and maintenance of property and equipment, as well as
diesel fuel, are measured at weighted-average cost.


Assets held for sale
Assets that are classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less expected selling costs
(“estimated selling price”) with a loss recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the estimated selling price. The classification
is applicable at the date upon which the sale of assets is probable, and the assets are available for immediate sale in their present condition.
The transfer of the assets must also be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within the year following the date of
classification.


Assets once classified as held for sale, are not subject to depreciation or amortization and both the assets and any liabilities directly associated
with the assets held for sale are classified as current in the Balance Sheets.


Subsequent changes to the estimated selling price of assets held for sale are recorded as recoveries or losses to the Consolidated Statements
of Income wherein the recognition of subsequent gains is limited to the cumulative loss previously recognized.


Properties
Capitalization of costs
The Company's railroad operations are highly capital intensive. The Company's properties mainly consist of homogeneous or network-type
assets such as rail, ties, ballast and other structures, which form the Company's Track and roadway properties, and Rolling stock. The
Company's capital expenditures are for the replacement of existing assets and for the purchase or construction of new assets to enhance
operations or provide new service offerings to customers. A large portion of the Company's capital expenditures are for self-constructed
properties, including the replacement of existing track and roadway assets and track line expansion, as well as major overhauls and large
refurbishments of rolling stock.


Expenditures are capitalized if they extend the life of the asset or provide future benefits such as increased revenue-generating capacity,
functionality or service capacity. The Company has a process in place to determine whether or not costs qualify for capitalization, which
requires judgment. For Track and roadway properties, the Company establishes basic capital programs to replace or upgrade the track
infrastructure assets which are capitalized if they meet the capitalization criteria.




                                                                                                                      CN | 2023 Annual Report   79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In addition, for Track and roadway properties, expenditures that meet the minimum level of activity as defined by the Company are also
capitalized as follows:
•    grading: installation of road bed, retaining walls, and drainage structures;
•    rail and related track material: installation of 39 or more continuous feet of rail;
•    ties: installation of five or more ties per 39 feet; and
•    ballast: installation of 171 cubic yards of ballast per mile.


For purchased assets, the Company capitalizes all costs necessary to make the assets ready for their intended use. For self-constructed
properties, expenditures include direct material, labor, and contracted services, as well as other allocated costs. These allocated costs include,
but are not limited to, project supervision, fringe benefits, maintenance on equipment used on projects as well as the cost of small tools and
supplies. The Company reviews and adjusts its allocations, as required, to reflect the actual costs incurred each year.


For the rail asset, the Company capitalizes the costs of rail grinding which consists of restoring and improving the rail profile and removing
irregularities from worn rail to extend the service life. The service life of the rail asset is increased incrementally as rail grinding is performed
thereon, and as such, the costs incurred are capitalized given that the activity extends the service life of the rail asset beyond its original or
current condition as additional gross tons can be carried over the rail for its remaining service life.


For the ballast asset, the Company engages in shoulder ballast undercutting that consists of removing some or all of the ballast, which has
deteriorated over its service life, and replacing it with new ballast. When ballast is installed as part of a shoulder ballast undercutting project, it
represents the addition of a new asset and not the repair or maintenance of an existing asset. As such, the Company capitalizes expenditures
related to shoulder ballast undercutting given that an existing asset is retired and replaced with a new asset. Under the group method of
accounting for properties, the deteriorated ballast is retired at its historical cost.


Costs of deconstruction and removal of replaced assets, referred to herein as dismantling costs, are distinguished from installation costs for
self-constructed properties based on the nature of the related activity. For Track and roadway properties, employees concurrently perform
dismantling and installation of new track and roadway assets and, as such, the Company estimates the amount of labor and other costs that
are related to dismantling. The Company determines dismantling costs based on an analysis of the track and roadway installation process.


Expenditures relating to the Company's properties that do not meet the Company's capitalization criteria are expensed as incurred. For Track
and roadway properties, such expenditures include but are not limited to spot tie replacement, spot or broken rail replacement, physical track
inspection for detection of rail defects and minor track corrections, and other general maintenance of track infrastructure.


Depreciation
Properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation including asset impairment write-downs. The cost of properties, including those
under finance leases, net of asset impairment write-downs, is depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated service lives, measured in
years, except for rail and ballast whose service lives are measured in millions of gross tons. The Company follows the group method of
depreciation whereby a single composite depreciation rate is applied to the gross investment in a class of similar assets, despite small
differences in the service life or salvage value of individual property units within the same asset class. The Company uses approximately 40
different depreciable asset classes.


For all depreciable asset classes, the depreciation rate is based on the estimated service lives of the assets. Assessing the reasonableness of
the estimated service lives of properties requires judgment and is based on currently available information, including periodic depreciation
studies conducted by the Company. The Company's U.S. properties are subject to comprehensive depreciation studies as required by the
Surface Transportation Board (STB) and are conducted by external experts. Depreciation studies for Canadian properties are not required by
regulation and are conducted internally. Studies are performed on specific asset groups on a periodic basis. Changes in the estimated service
lives of the assets and their related composite depreciation rates are implemented prospectively.


The service life of the rail asset is based on expected future usage of the rail in its existing condition, determined using railroad industry
research and testing (based on rail characteristics such as weight, curvature and metallurgy), factoring in the rail asset's usage to date. The
annual composite depreciation rate for the rail asset is determined by dividing the estimated annual number of gross tons carried over the rail
by the estimated service life of the rail measured in millions of gross tons. The Company amortizes the cost of rail grinding over the remaining
life of the rail asset, which includes the incremental life extension generated by rail grinding.




80    CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Given the nature of the railroad and the composition of its network which is made up of homogeneous long-lived assets, it is impractical to
maintain records of specific properties at their lowest unit of property.

Retirements of assets occur through the replacement of an asset in the normal course of business, the sale of an asset or the abandonment of
a section of track. For retirements in the normal course of business, generally the life of the retired asset is within a reasonable range of the
expected useful life, as determined in the depreciation studies, and, as such, no gain or loss is recognized under the group method. The asset's
cost is removed from the asset account and the difference between its estimated historical cost and estimated related accumulated
depreciation (net of salvage proceeds and dismantling costs), if any, is recorded as an adjustment to accumulated depreciation and no gain or
loss is recognized. The estimated historical cost of the retired asset is estimated by using deflation factors or indices that closely correlate to
the properties comprising the asset classes in combination with the estimated age of the retired asset using a first-in, first-out approach, and
applying it to the replacement value of the asset.


In each depreciation study, an estimate is made of any excess or deficiency in accumulated depreciation for all corresponding asset classes to
ensure that the depreciation rates remain appropriate. The excess or deficiency in accumulated depreciation is amortized over the remaining
life of the asset class.


For retirements of depreciable properties that do not occur in the normal course of business, the historical cost, net of salvage proceeds, is
recorded as a gain or loss in income. A retirement is considered not to be in the normal course of business if it meets the following criteria: (i) it
is unusual, (ii) it is significant in amount, and (iii) it varies significantly from the retirement pattern identified through depreciation studies. A
gain or loss is recognized in Other income for the sale of land or disposal of assets that are not part of railroad operations.


Government assistance
By analogy to the grant model of accounting within International Accounting Standards (IAS) 20, Accounting for Government Grants and
Disclosure of Government Assistance, the Company records government assistance from various levels of Canadian and U.S. governments and
government agencies when the conditions of their receipt are complied with and there is reasonable assurance that the assistance will be
received.


The Company receives government assistance typically in the form of cash primarily for the purpose of track infrastructure assets and public
safety improvements to track and roadway properties. The government assistance related to properties has conditions of how the assistance is
to be spent; such as the Company purchasing or self-constructing assets to improve CN assets and under limited transactions would require
the Company to reimburse the assistance if certain conditions are not adhered to. The period for which the assistance is received coincides
with the timing to complete the purchase or self-construction.


The Company accounts for government assistance received or receivable related to CN's property assets as a reduction from the cost of the
assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets within Properties and depreciated over the same service life of the related assets in Depreciation
and amortization in the Consolidated Statements of Income.


Leases
The Company engages in short and long-term leases for rolling stock including locomotives and freight cars, equipment, real estate and service
contracts that contain embedded leases. The Company determines whether or not a contract contains a lease at inception. Leases with a term
of twelve months or less are not recorded by the Company on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


Finance and operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future lease payments over the
lease term at the commencement date. Where the implicit interest rate is not determinable from the lease, the Company uses internal
incremental borrowing rates by tenor and currency to initially measure leases in excess of twelve months on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


The Company's lease contracts may contain termination, renewal, and/or purchase options, residual value guarantees, or a combination
thereof, all of which are evaluated by the Company on a quarterly basis. The majority of renewal options available extend the lease term from
one to five years. The Company accounts for such contract options when the Company is reasonably certain that it will exercise one of these
options.




                                                                                                                        CN | 2023 Annual Report   81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Lease contracts may contain lease and non-lease components that the Company generally accounts for separately, with the exception of the
freight car asset category for which the Company has elected to not separate the lease and non-lease components.


Intangible assets
Intangible assets consist mainly of customer contracts and relationships acquired through business acquisitions. Intangible assets are
generally amortized on a straight-line basis over their expected useful lives, ranging from 20 to 50 years. If a change in the estimated useful life
of an intangible asset is determined, amortization is adjusted prospectively.


With respect to impairment, the Company tests the recoverability of its intangible assets held and used whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable, based on future undiscounted cash flows. If the carrying amount of
an intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount
of the asset exceeds the fair value.


Goodwill
The Company recognizes goodwill as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business
combinations. Goodwill is assigned to the reporting units that are expected to benefit from the business acquisition. The carrying amount of
goodwill is not amortized; instead, it is assessed for impairment annually as of the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount.


With respect to impairment, the Company may first assess certain qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value
of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, or proceed directly to a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Qualitative
factors include but are not limited to, economic, market and industry conditions, cost factors and overall financial performance of the reporting
unit, and events such as changes in management or customers. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the
fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test must be performed. The quantitative impairment
test is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill, and an impairment loss is
recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value, up to the value of goodwill. The Company
defines the fair value of a reporting unit as the price that would be received to sell the reporting unit as a whole in an orderly transaction
between market participants as of the impairment date. To determine the fair value of a reporting unit, the Company uses the discounted cash
flow method using the pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
asset or group of assets.


Accounts receivable securitization
Based on the structure of its accounts receivable securitization program, the Company accounts for the proceeds received as secured
borrowings.


Pensions
Pension costs are determined using actuarial methods. Net periodic benefit cost (income) includes the current service cost of pension benefits
provided in exchange for employee service rendered during the year, which is recorded in Labor and fringe benefits expense. Net periodic
benefit cost (income) also includes the following, which are recorded in Other components of net periodic benefit income (cost):
•    the interest cost of pension obligations;
•    the expected long-term return on pension fund assets;
•    the amortization of prior service costs and amendments over the expected average remaining service life of the employee group covered
     by the plans;
•    the Company uses a market related value to calculate net periodic benefit cost (income) (see Note 2 – Change in accounting policy for
     additional information) and
•    the amortization of cumulative net actuarial gains and losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the beginning of year balances of the
     projected benefit obligation or market-related value of plan assets, over the expected average remaining service life of the employee group
     covered by the plans.


The pension plans are funded through contributions determined in accordance with the projected unit credit actuarial cost method.




82   CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Postretirement benefits other than pensions
The Company accrues the cost of postretirement benefits other than pensions using actuarial methods. These benefits, which are funded as
they become due, include life insurance programs, medical benefits and, for a closed group of employees, free rail travel benefits.
The Company amortizes the cumulative net actuarial gains and losses in excess of 10% of the projected benefit obligation at the beginning of
the year, over the expected average remaining service life of the employee group covered by the plan.


Additional paid-in capital
Additional paid-in capital includes the stock-based compensation expense on equity settled awards and other items relating to equity settled
awards. Upon the exercise of stock options, the stock-based compensation expense related to those awards is reclassified from Additional
paid-in capital to Common shares. Upon settlement of all other equity settled awards, the Company reclassifies from Additional paid-in capital
to Retained Earnings the stock-based compensation expense and other items related to equity settled awards, up to the amount of the
settlement cost. The excess, if any, of the settlement cost over the stock-based compensation expense is recorded in Retained Earnings.


Stock-based compensation
For equity settled awards, stock-based compensation costs are accrued over the requisite service period based on the fair value of the awards
at the grant date. The grant date fair value of performance share unit (PSU) awards is dependent on the type of PSU award. The grant date fair
value of PSU-ROIC awards is determined using a lattice-based model incorporating a minimum share price condition and the grant date fair
value of PSU-TSR awards is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The grant date fair value of restricted share unit (RSU) awards
and of equity settled deferred share unit (DSU) awards is determined using the stock price at the grant date. The grant date fair value of stock
option awards is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. For cash settled awards, stock-based compensation costs are
accrued over the requisite service period based on the fair value determined at each period-end. The fair value of cash settled DSU awards is
determined using their intrinsic value.


Personal injury and other claims
In Canada, the Company accounts for costs related to employee work-related injuries based on actuarially developed estimates on a discounted
basis of the ultimate cost associated with such injuries, including compensation, health care and third-party administration costs. In the U.S.,
the Company accrues the expected cost for personal injury, property damage and occupational disease claims, based on actuarial estimates of
their ultimate cost on an undiscounted basis. For all other legal actions in Canada and the U.S., the Company maintains, and regularly updates
on a case-by-case basis, provisions for such items when the expected loss is both probable and can be reasonably estimated based on
currently available information.


Environmental expenditures
Environmental expenditures that relate to current operations, or to an existing condition caused by past operations, are expensed as incurred.
Environmental expenditures that provide a future benefit are capitalized. Environmental liabilities are recorded when environmental
assessments occur, remedial efforts are probable, and when the costs, based on a specific plan of action in terms of the technology to be used
and the extent of the corrective action required, can be reasonably estimated. The Company accrues its allocable share of liability taking into
account the Company's alleged responsibility, the number of potentially responsible parties and their ability to pay their respective shares of the
liability. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable.


Derivative financial instruments
The Company uses derivative financial instruments from time to time in the management of its interest rate and foreign currency exposures.
Derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The changes in fair value of derivative instruments not designated or not
qualified as a hedge are recorded in Net income in the current period.



2 – Change in accounting policy

Change in accounting policy for determining net periodic pension cost (income)
Effective January 1, 2022, CN elected to change its accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for the
Company’s defined benefit pension plans. The new accounting method changed the calculation of market-related value of pension plan assets
used to determine net periodic benefit cost but had no impact on the annual funded status of the plans. The Company's previous methodology
calculated market-related value for pensions whereby realized and unrealized gains/losses and appreciation/depreciation in the value of the
investments were recognized over a period of five years. The Company's new methodology applies a corridor approach so that the market-


                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report   83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

related value does not result in a value that deviates excessively from its fair value. Specifically, the market-related value will not exceed 110%
or be less than 90% of the fair value. This change established a corridor approach whereby the amount causing the market-related value to be
outside of the 10% corridor is recognized immediately in the market-related value of assets and will not be subject to the five-year period of
recognition. There is no change in the recognition approach for investment income.


CN considers the use of a calculated value with a corridor approach preferable to the previous calculated value approach as it results in a more
current reflection of impacts of changes in value of these plan assets in the determination of net periodic benefit cost. The new accounting
method to calculate the market-related value for pensions also aligns with the prevailing guidance issued by the Office of the Superintendent of
Financial Institutions (OSFI) for the preparation of actuarial valuations for funding purposes for all registered Canadian defined benefit pension
plans, whereby the Company adopted and applied the updated OSFI guidance starting with the December 31, 2021 funding valuations that were
filed during the second quarter of 2022.


The change in accounting method was applied retrospectively to all periods presented within CN’s financial statements. The change did not
impact Operating income or Net cash provided by operating activities but did impact the previously reported portion of Other components of net
periodic benefit cost (income) for defined benefit pension plans along with related consolidated income items such as Net income and
Earnings per share. Other impacts included related changes to previously reported consolidated Other comprehensive income (loss), Retained
earnings, Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and associated line items within the determination of Net cash provided (used) by
operating activities. Note 2 – Change in accounting policy to the Company's 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements details the impact
of this change on previously reported amounts.



3 – Recent accounting pronouncements

The following recent Accounting Standards Updates (ASU) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has an effective date
after December 31, 2023 and has not been adopted by the Company:


ASU 2023-07 Segment reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to reportable segment disclosures
The ASU will improve financial disclosures about a public entity's reportable segments and address requests from investors for additional and
more detailed information regarding reportable segment expenses. The main amendments in the ASU require public entities, including those
that have a single reportable segment, to disclose on an annual and interim basis the significant segment expenses provided to the chief
operating decision maker (CODM), disclose the title/position of the CODM and how the segment expenses information is used in the decision
making process.


The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted.


The adoption of the ASU will have an impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements disclosures. The Company will include the
relevant disclosure within the 2024 Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and 2025 Interim Financial Statements.


ASU 2023-09 – Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to income tax disclosures
The ASU amends the rules on income tax disclosures by modifying or eliminating certain existing income tax disclosure requirements in
addition to establishing new requirements. The amendments address investor requests for more transparency about income taxes, including
jurisdictional information, by requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information. The ASU’s two primary amendments
relate to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid annual disclosures.


Reconciling items presented in the rate reconciliation will be in dollar amounts and percentages, and will be disaggregated into specified
categories with certain reconciling items further broken out by nature and/or jurisdiction using a 5% threshold of domestic federal taxes.
Income taxes paid will be disaggregated between federal, provincial/territorial, and foreign taxing jurisdictions using a 5% threshold of total
income taxes paid net of refunds received.


The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that
have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The ASU should be applied prospectively. Retrospective application is permitted.




84   CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The adoption of the ASU will have an impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements disclosures. The required disclosure
changes will be reflected in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements when the ASU is adopted.


The following Accounting Standards Updates (ASU) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) have been adopted by the
Company:


ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2022-06 Reference rate reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting
and related amendments
USD London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR) are benchmark interest rates referenced in a variety of
agreements. The publication of certain LIBOR and CDOR rates were discontinued in January 2022 and May 2021, respectively. The remaining
LIBOR rates were discontinued on June 30, 2023 and the remaining CDOR rates are expected to be discontinued on June 30, 2024. The
recommended alternative reference rates for LIBOR and CDOR are the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and Canadian Overnight Repo
Rate Average (CORRA), respectively.


The ASU provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to transactions affected by
reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. These transactions include contract modifications, hedging relationships, and sale or transfer of
debt securities classified as held-to-maturity. The ASU was effective starting on March 12, 2020, and is available to be adopted on a prospective
basis no later than December 31, 2024, following the amendments of ASU 2022-06.


The Company was eligible and has elected to use the optional expedient provided by the ASU which allowed the amendment to be accounted
for as a non substantial modification of an existing debt. As a result, the amendment did not have a significant impact to the Company's
Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. See Note 16 - Debt for additional information on reference rate reform with respect
to the non-revolving credit facility, revolving credit facilities, equipment loans and accounts receivable securitization program.


Other recently issued ASUs required to be applied on or after December 31, 2023 have been evaluated by the Company and are not expected to
have a significant impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.



4 – Business acquisitions and combinations

2023
Iowa Northern Railway Company
On December 6, 2023, the Company acquired the shares of the Iowa Northern Railway Company (IANR), a Class III short-line railroad that owns
and leases approximately 175 route miles in northeast Iowa that are connected to CN’s U.S. rail network. CN paid US$230 million ($312 million),
including transaction costs to date. IANR serves upper Midwest agricultural and industrial markets covering many goods, including biofuels and
grain. This transaction represents a meaningful opportunity to support the growth of local business by creating single-line service to North
American destinations, while preserving access to existing carrier options.


The shares of IANR were deposited into an independent voting trust while the U.S Surface Transportation Board (STB) considers the Company's
application to acquire control of IANR. During the trust period, IANR will continue to be operated under its current management and the
Company cannot exercise day-to-day control. As a result, the Company recorded its investment in IANR at its acquisition cost under the equity
method of accounting. Subject to final approval by the STB, the Company would obtain control of IANR and would account for the acquisition
as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting.


On the acquisition date of December 6, 2023, immediately prior to the acquisition, there was a basis difference of $236 million between the
consideration paid to acquire IANR and the underlying carrying value of the net assets of IANR. The basis difference related to depreciable
properties and if any, intangible assets with definite lives will be amortized over the related assets' remaining useful lives. The remainder of the
basis difference, relating to land, intangible assets with indefinite lives if any, and equity method goodwill, would not be amortized and would be
carried at cost subject to an assessment for impairment. The estimated fair value of IANR’s underlying net assets is preliminary based on
information available to the Company to date and subject to change over the measurement period, which may be up to twelve months from the
acquisition date.




                                                                                                                       CN | 2023 Annual Report   85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company has not provided summarized financial information for IANR, on its historical cost basis, for the period December 6, 2023 to
December 31, 2023, and as at December 31, 2023 as it was not material.


Cape Breton & Central Nova Scotia Railway
On November 1, 2023, the Company acquired from Genesee & Wyoming Inc. a stake in the Cape Breton & Central Nova Scotia Railway (CBNS), a
Class III short-line railroad that owns approximately 150 route miles. CN paid $78 million in cash, net of cash acquired and including working
capital adjustments. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. As a result, the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet
includes the net assets of CBNS as of November 1, 2023, which were comprised of $101 million in fair value of properties mostly track and
roadway assets, partly offset by $18 million in deferred tax liabilities. The remaining net assets were comprised of current assets and liabilities
which were individually insignificant and there were no identifiable intangible assets. No goodwill was recognized. The fair value of CBNS's
underlying net assets has been estimated on a preliminary basis and may be subject to change as additional information becomes available
over the next twelve months. The Company has not provided pro forma information related to prior periods as it was not material.

2021
Terminated CN Kansas City Southern (KCS) merger agreement
On September 15, 2021, KCS notified CN that it terminated the previously announced May 21, 2021 definitive merger agreement (the “CN
Merger Agreement") under which CN would have acquired KCS.


On August 31, 2021, the STB rejected the joint motion by CN and KCS to approve a proposed voting trust agreement. On September 15, 2021,
KCS and its Board of Directors announced that the revised acquisition proposal of September 12, 2021 from Canadian Pacific Railway Limited
(CP) constituted a "Company Superior Proposal" as defined in the CN Merger Agreement. Consequently, KCS entered into a waiver letter
agreement with CN under which KCS agreed to terminate the CN Merger Agreement in order to enter into a merger agreement with CP. As a
result, CN received from KCS a merger termination fee of US$700 million ($886 million), recorded in Merger termination fee within the
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income and reflected in Operating activities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. In
addition, KCS also refunded Brooklyn US Holdings, Inc. ("Holdco"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, US$700 million ($886 million)
that CN had previously paid as an advance to KCS of US$700 million ($845 million) in connection with KCS’s payment of the termination fee to
CP under KCS’s original merger agreement with CP that was terminated on May 21, 2021. The refund received in the third quarter of 2021 was
recorded in Transaction-related costs within the Consolidated Statements of Income and reflected in Investing activities within the
Consolidated Statements of Cash flows. The US$700 million ($845 million) advance was recorded in Advance to KCS and other transaction
costs within the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the second quarter of 2021 and was expensed to Transaction-related costs within the
Consolidated Statements of Income in the third quarter of 2021. This advance, along with $63 million of transaction-related costs paid in the
second quarter of 2021, was reflected in Investing activities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash flows.


The Company incurred $84 million of transaction-related costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 recorded in Transaction-related costs
within the Consolidated Statements of Income. This included $125 million of transaction-related costs, consisting of a $76 million expense for
costs previously capitalized to Advance to KCS and other transaction costs within the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the second quarter of
2021 in accordance with the expected application of equity method accounting and $49 million of additional transaction-related costs incurred
in the third quarter of 2021; partially offset by $41 million of income generated as a result of the applicable foreign exchange rates prevailing at
the time of payment of the US dollar denominated advance to KCS and receipt of the related refund.


The Company also paid $97 million of bridge financing and other fees which were recorded in Interest expense within the Consolidated
Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021.


For the year ended December 31, 2021, after accounting for all direct and incremental expenses as well as income generated from the merger
termination fee, CN recorded additional income of $705 million ($616 million after-tax), as a result of its strategic decision to bid for KCS.




86     CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5 – Revenues

In millions                                                                         Year ended December 31,                2023                 2022                 2021
Freight revenues
      Petroleum and chemicals                                                                                    $        3,195      $         3,229      $         2,816
      Metals and minerals                                                                                                 2,048                1,911                1,548
      Forest products                                                                                                     1,943                2,006                1,740
      Coal                                                                                                                1,017                  937                  618
      Grain and fertilizers                                                                                               3,265                2,783                2,475
      Intermodal                                                                                                          3,823                4,906                4,115
      Automotive                                                                                                            945                  797                  576
Total freight revenues                                                                                                   16,236               16,569               13,888
Other revenues                                                                                                              592                  538                  589
Total revenues (1) (2)                                                                                           $       16,828      $        17,107      $        14,477

(1)    As at December 31, 2023, the Company had remaining performance obligations related to freight in-transit, for which revenues of $88 million (2022 - $103 million) are
       expected to be recognized in the next period.
(2)    See Note 24 – Segmented information for the disaggregation of revenues by geographic area.


Contract liabilities

 In millions                                                                                                                                    2023                 2022
 Beginning of year                                                                                                                   $            28      $            74
 Revenue recognized included in the beginning balance                                                                                            (12)                  (74)
 Increase due to consideration received, net of revenue recognized                                                                                79                   28
 End of year                                                                                                                         $            95      $            28
 Current portion - end of year                                                                                                       $            13      $            12




6 – Assets held for sale

In the first quarter of 2021, CN entered into an agreement with a short line operator, for the sale of non-core lines in Wisconsin, Michigan and
Ontario representing 850 miles that were classified as assets held for sale plus an additional 50 miles of track and roadway assets, resulting in
a $137 million recovery ($102 million after-tax) of the $486 million loss ($363 million after-tax) recorded in the second quarter of 2020 to adjust
the carrying amount of the track and roadway assets to their then estimated net selling price.


In the fourth quarter of 2021, the STB approved the Company's agreement with the short line operator without condition and the transaction
closed in the first quarter of 2022 for proceeds of $273 million.



7 – Other income (loss)

In millions                                                                         Year ended December 31,                2023                 2022                 2021
Gain on disposal of property                                                                                     $          129      $              —     $             —
Gain on disposal of land                                                                                                       7                   15                   23
Gain (loss) on foreign currency (1)                                                                                            7                   (7)                   2
Gain (loss) on equity investment with readily determinable fair values                                                         —                  (29)                  20
Other                                                                                                                         (9)                  (6)                  (2)
Total other income (loss)                                                                                        $          134      $            (27)    $             43

(1)    Includes foreign exchange gains and losses related to foreign exchange forward contracts and the re-measurement of foreign currency denominated monetary assets
       and liabilities. See Note 23 – Financial instruments for additional information.




                                                                                                                                          CN | 2023 Annual Report       87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Disposal of property
On December 13, 2023, the Company completed the sale of a portion of land within the Bala Subdivision located in Markham and Richmond Hill,
Ontario, Canada for cash proceeds of $129 million which resulted in a gain of $129 million ($112 million after tax) as the carrying amount of the
land was nominal.



8 – Income taxes

The Company's consolidated effective income tax rate differs from the Canadian, or domestic, statutory federal tax rate. The effective tax rate
is affected by recurring items in provincial, U.S. federal, state and other foreign jurisdictions, such as tax rates and the proportion of income
earned in those jurisdictions. The effective tax rate is also affected by discrete items such as income tax rate enactments, and lower corporate
income tax rates on capital dispositions and other transactions that may occur in any given year.


In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company received a ruling from taxation authorities in a non-U.S. foreign jurisdiction in connection with prior
taxation years. Consistent with the ruling, and effective as of January 1, 2021, the Company has foregone favorable tax deductions of a
permanent nature on certain income generated from intercompany arrangements. This resulted in the Company generating tax-deductible
goodwill approximating the value of the foregone tax deductions, which is available to be amortized over a period of up to ten years.


As a result, the Company recorded a net deferred income tax recovery of $682 million, comprised of a $767 million deferred income tax
recovery related to the tax-deductible goodwill initially generated as of January 1, 2021, partly offset by a $85 million income tax expense
related to the foregone tax deduction ($31 million for 2023 and $54 million for prior years) which was initially recorded in current taxes and was
then reclassified to deferred taxes following the amortization of the tax-deductible goodwill for those years. As a result, the remaining deferred
income tax asset as at December 31, 2023 was $682 million, representing the tax impact of unamortized tax-deductible goodwill of $5.8 billion.

Income tax expense
In millions                                                                             Year ended December 31,             2023                 2022                  2021
Canadian statutory federal tax rate                                                                                            15%                  15%                  15%
Income tax expense at the Canadian statutory federal tax rate                                                      $         973         $       1,014        $         951
Income tax expense resulting from:
      Provincial and foreign income taxes (1)                                                                                633                   657                  617
                                                          (2)
      Tax-deductible goodwill and related impacts                                                                            (713)                   —                    —
      Non-taxable portion of merger termination fee (3)                                                                         —                    —                 (116)
      Other (4)                                                                                                               (30)                 (26)                   (9)
Income tax expense                                                                                                 $         863         $       1,645        $       1,443
Net cash payments for income taxes                                                                                 $       1,197         $       1,288        $         759

(1)     Includes the impact of Canadian provincial taxes, U.S. federal and state taxes, and other foreign taxes.
(2)     Relates to the impacts of recognizing the $767 million deferred income tax recovery party offset by a $54 million income tax expense on the foregone tax deductions
        related to prior taxation years.
(3)     Relates to the permanent difference arising from applying a lower inclusion tax rate on the $886 million of income generated from the merger termination fee received
        from KCS (see Note 4 –Business acquisitions and combinations).
(4)     Includes adjustments relating to the filing or resolution of matters pertaining to prior years' income taxes, including net recognized tax benefits, excess tax benefits
        resulting from the settlement of equity settled awards under the Company's stock-based compensation plans, and other items.




88       CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Tax information on a domestic and foreign basis


In millions                                                                           Year ended December 31,                  2023                 2022                  2021
Income before income taxes
      Domestic                                                                                                      $         4,936      $         4,835       $         4,726
      Foreign                                                                                                                 1,552                1,928                 1,616
Total income before income taxes                                                                                    $         6,488      $         6,763       $         6,342
Current income tax expense
      Domestic                                                                                                      $           896      $           956       $           763
      Foreign                                                                                                                   255                  285                   167
Total current income tax expense                                                                                    $         1,151      $         1,241       $           930
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)
      Domestic                                                                                                      $           360      $           298       $           360
      Foreign                                                                                                                  (648)                 106                   153
Total deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                        $          (288)     $           404       $           513



Net deferred income taxes


In millions                                                                                                      As at December 31,                 2023                  2022
Deferred income tax assets (liabilities)
      Deferred income tax assets (1)                                                                                                     $           682       $             —
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                                                            (10,066)               (9,796)
Net deferred income taxes                                                                                                                $        (9,384)      $        (9,796)


Deferred income tax assets
      Tax-deductible goodwill (1)                                                                                                        $           682       $             —
      Net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards (2)                                                                                          130                    46
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                                              126                   132
      Pension liability                                                                                                                                95                   93
      Personal Injury & legal claims                                                                                                                   59                   61
      Other postretirement benefits liability                                                                                                          38                   38
      Compensation reserves                                                                                                                            37                   45
      Unrealized foreign exchange losses                                                                                                                —                   61
      Other                                                                                                                                            56                   53
Total deferred income tax assets                                                                                                         $         1,223       $           529
Deferred income tax liabilities
      Properties                                                                                                                         $        (9,560)      $        (9,296)
      Pension asset                                                                                                                                 (822)                 (794)
      Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                                                                           (106)                 (117)
      Other                                                                                                                                         (119)                 (118)
Total deferred income tax liabilities                                                                                                    $       (10,607)      $       (10,325)
Net deferred income taxes                                                                                                                $        (9,384)      $        (9,796)
Net deferred income taxes by jurisdiction
      Domestic                                                                                                                           $        (5,950)      $        (5,614)
      Foreign U.S.                                                                                                                                (4,116)               (4,182)
      Foreign non-U.S. (1)                                                                                                                           682                     —
Net deferred income taxes                                                                                                                $        (9,384)      $        (9,796)

(1)    As at December 31, 2023, the Company had tax-deductible goodwill of $5.8 billion remaining to be amortized which will expire in 2030.
(2)    As at December 31, 2023, the Company had net interest expense deduction carryforwards of $480 million which are available to offset future U.S. federal and state
       taxable income over an indefinite period. In addition, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of $200 million for U.S. state tax purposes which are available to
       offset future U.S. state taxable income and are expiring between 2024 and 2042.




                                                                                                                                               CN | 2023 Annual Report       89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

On an annual basis, the Company assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance for its deferred income tax assets, and if it is deemed
more likely than not that its deferred income tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded. The ultimate realization of
deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, of the necessary character, during the periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred income tax liabilities, the available
carryback and carryforward periods, and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. As at December 31, 2023, in order to fully
realize all of the deferred income tax assets excluding the tax-deductible goodwill, the Company will need to generate future taxable income of
approximately $1.8 billion, and, based upon the level of historical taxable income, projections of future taxable income of the necessary
character over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets are deductible, and the reversal of taxable temporary differences,
management believes, following an assessment of the current economic environment, it is more likely than not that the Company will realize
the benefits of these deductible differences. Management believes it is more likely than not that CN will fully realize the benefits of the
remaining $5.8 billion unamortized tax-deductible goodwill because under the current tax laws the Company has the ability and intent to
maintain the necessary intercompany arrangements that will generate sufficient future taxable income of the appropriate character in the non-
U.S. foreign jurisdiction, and to fully utilize the tax-deductible goodwill. As at December 31, 2023, the Company has not recognized a deferred
income tax asset of $217 million (2022 - $196 million) on the unrealized foreign exchange loss recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive
loss relating to its net investment in U.S. subsidiaries, as the Company does not expect this temporary difference to reverse in the foreseeable
future.


Unrecognized tax benefits

In millions                                                              Year ended December 31,            2023               2022        2021
Gross unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year                                               $           52    $          64     $     92
Increases for:
     Tax positions related to the current year                                                                  4                3            4
Decrease for:
     Tax positions related to prior years                                                                      (8)              (10)        (32)
     Settlements                                                                                               (2)               (5)          —
Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of year                                                                 46               52           64
Adjustments to reflect tax treaties and other arrangements                                                    (14)              (14)        (17)
Net unrecognized tax benefits at end of year                                                       $           32    $          38     $     47


As at December 31, 2023, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $46 million, before considering tax treaties and other
arrangements between taxation authorities. The amount of net unrecognized tax benefits as at December 31, 2023 was $32 million. If
recognized, $18 million of the net unrecognized tax benefits as at December 31, 2023 would affect the effective tax rate.


The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that $13 million of the net unrecognized tax benefits as at December 31, 2023 related to
Canadian and U.S. federal, state, and provincial income tax matters, each of which are individually insignificant, may be recognized over the
next twelve months as a result of settlements and a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations of which approximately half will affect the
effective tax rate as the remaining amount relates to temporary differences.


The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in Income tax expense in the Statements of Income. The
Company recorded a net tax expense of $1 million related to net interest and penalties expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 and net
tax recoveries of $12 million and $2 million related to net reversals of interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. As at December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued interest and penalties of $14 million (2022 -$13 million).


In Canada, the Company's federal and provincial income tax returns filed for the years 2018 to 2022 remain subject to examination by the
taxation authorities. An examination of the Company's federal income tax returns for the year 2018 and 2019 is currently in progress and is
expected to be completed during 2024. In 2020, the tax authorities proposed certain audit adjustments and, as a result, the Company recorded
a $25 million deferred tax expense which is comprised of net unrecognized tax benefits and related interest expenses. During 2021 and 2022,
the tax authorities finalized their audit adjustments related to certain tax positions and as a result, the Company re-evaluated the relevant tax
positions for all open years and recorded deferred tax recoveries of $8 million and $13 million, respectively, reducing net unrecognized tax
benefits and related interest expenses. In the U.S., the federal income tax returns filed for the years 2020 to 2022 and the state income tax
returns filed for the years 2018 to 2022 remain subject to examination by the taxation authorities. The Company does not anticipate any
significant impacts to its results of operations or financial position as a result of the final resolutions of such matters.



90     CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


9 – Earnings per share

In millions, except per share data                                        Year ended December 31,              2023               2022             2021
Net income                                                                                           $        5,625      $       5,118    $        4,899
Weighted-average basic shares outstanding                                                                     657.7              686.4            708.5
Dilutive effect of stock-based compensation                                                                      1.4               1.9                  1.8
Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding                                                                   659.1              688.3            710.3
Basic earnings per share                                                                             $         8.55      $        7.46    $            6.91
Diluted earnings per share                                                                           $         8.53      $        7.44    $            6.90
Units excluded from the calculation as their inclusion would not have a dilutive effect
   Stock options                                                                                                 1.0               0.6                  0.5
   Performance share units                                                                                       0.5               0.2                  0.1




10 – Accounts receivable

In millions                                                                                         As at December 31,            2023             2022
Freight                                                                                                                  $       1,051    $        1,142
Non-freight                                                                                                                        274                 244
Gross accounts receivable                                                                                                        1,325             1,386
Allowance for credit losses                                                                                                        (25)                (15)
Net accounts receivable                                                                                                  $       1,300    $        1,371




11 – Other current assets

In millions                                                                                         As at December 31,           2023              2022
Prepaid expenses                                                                                                         $         133    $            186
Income taxes receivable                                                                                                              —                  46
Derivative instruments (Note 23)                                                                                                     —                  33
Other                                                                                                                               33                  55
Total other current assets                                                                                               $         166    $            320




                                                                                                                             CN | 2023 Annual Report    91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12 – Properties

                                               As at                            December 31, 2023                                                December 31, 2022
                                                        Depreciation                     Accumulated                                               Accumulated
In millions                                                     rate                Cost Depreciation                    Net                Cost   Depreciation                 Net
Properties including finance leases
Track and roadway (1)                                               2%      $    45,370       $   10,506        $   34,864        $       44,037     $     9,977         $   34,060
Rolling stock                                                       4%            8,544             3,401             5,143                8,233           3,295              4,938
Buildings                                                           3%            2,254               782             1,472                2,202               750            1,452
Information technology (2)                                        10 %            2,879             1,331             1,548                2,670           1,156              1,514
Other                                                               5%            2,964             1,374             1,590                2,921           1,348              1,573
Total properties including finance leases (3)                               $    62,011       $   17,394        $   44,617        $       60,063     $    16,526         $   43,537

Finance leases included in properties
Track and roadway (4)                                                       $        406      $       105       $        301      $         405      $         100       $     305
Rolling stock                                                                         28                 1                27                 12                 1               11
Buildings                                                                             27                12                15                 27                 11              16
Other                                                                                107                34                73                101                 31              70
Total finance leases included in properties                                 $        568      $       152       $        416      $         545      $         143       $     402

(1)    As at December 31, 2023, includes land of $2,497 million (2022 - $2,483 million).
(2)    In 2023, the Company capitalized costs for internally developed software and related licenses of $203 million (2022 - $213 million).
(3)    In 2023, property additions, net of finance leases, were $3,187 million (2022 - $2,750 million), of which $1,529 million (2022 - $1,490 million) related to track and railway
       infrastructure maintenance, including the replacement of rail, ties, bridge improvements, and other general track maintenance.
(4)    As at December 31, 2023, includes right-of-way access of $106 million (2022 - $106 million).


Government assistance
For the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company received $90 million and $70 million, respectively, of government assistance
towards the purchase and self-construction of properties.


As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the total Properties balance of $44,617 million and $43,537 million, respectively, is net of $1,736 million and
$1,721 million of unamortized government assistance, respectively, primarily related to the enhancement of CN's track and roadway
infrastructure. For the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Depreciation and amortization expense on the Consolidated Statements of
Income is presented net of amortization of government assistance of $66 million and $63 million, respectively.



13 – Leases
Lease costs
 In millions                                                                           Year ended December 31,                  2023                     2022                 2021
 Finance lease cost
      Amortization of right-of-use assets                                                                            $             11        $            11         $          12
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                   —                    —                     1
 Total finance lease cost                                                                                                          11                     11                    13
      Operating lease cost                                                                                                       149                     142                   131
      Short-term lease cost                                                                                                        39                     40                    26
      Variable lease cost (1)                                                                                                      43                     51                    58
 Total lease cost (2)                                                                                                $           242         $           244         $         228

(1)    Mainly relates to leases of trucks for the Company's freight delivery service contracts.
(2)    Includes lease costs from Purchased services and material and Equipment rents in the Consolidated Statements of Income.




92      CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Classification
 In millions                              Classification                                                        As at December 31,               2023                2022
 Lease right-of-use assets
      Finance leases                      Properties                                                                                    $         416          $      402
      Operating leases                    Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                                     424                 470
 Total lease right-of-use assets                                                                                                        $         840          $      872
 Lease liabilities
      Current
        Finance leases                    Current portion of long-term debt                                                             $             31       $         1
        Operating leases                  Accounts payable and other                                                                              117                 125
      Noncurrent
        Finance leases                    Long-term debt                                                                                              7                  9
        Operating leases                  Operating lease liabilities                                                                             298                 341
 Total lease liabilities                                                                                                                $         453          $      476


Terms and discount rates

                                                                                                                As at December 31,              2023                 2022
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)
      Finance leases                                                                                                                                 1.0               4.8
      Operating leases                                                                                                                               4.9               5.3
 Weighted-average discount rate (%)
      Finance leases                                                                                                                             5.31                 4.30
      Operating leases                                                                                                                           3.44                 2.95


Additional information

 In millions                                                                          Year ended December 31,               2023                 2022                2021
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities ($)
      Operating cash outflows from operating leases                                                                          148                  135                 129
      Operating cash outflows from finance leases                                                                              —                      —                  1
      Financing cash outflows from finance leases                                                                               2                      7                68
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities ($)
      Operating lease                                                                                                          91                 142                 135
      Finance lease                                                                                                            30                      7                 6


Lease liabilities maturities
 In millions                                                                                                                         Finance leases    Operating leases (1)
 2024                                                                                                                          $                31         $          131
 2025                                                                                                                                            2                    111
 2026                                                                                                                                            4                      74
 2027                                                                                                                                            1                      48
 2028                                                                                                                                            1                      29
 2029 & thereafter                                                                                                                               —                      58
 Total lease payments                                                                                                                           39                    451
 Less: Imputed interest                                                                                                                          1                      36
 Present value of lease payments                                                                                               $                38         $          415

(1)    Includes $70 million related to renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised.




                                                                                                                                            CN | 2023 Annual Report     93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14 – Intangible assets, goodwill and other

In millions                                                                                                   As at December 31,                 2023                 2022
Investments (1)                                                                                                                       $           402      $            94
Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 131                  137
Deferred costs                                                                                                                                     83                   66
Goodwill                                                                                                                                           70                   70
Long-term receivables                                                                                                                              16                   25
Other long-term assets                                                                                                                             12                   13
Total intangible assets, goodwill and other                                                                                           $           714      $           405

(1)   As at December 31, 2023, the Company had $367 million (2022 - $60 million) of investments accounted for under the equity method, see Note 4 – Business acquisitions
      and combinations; and $35 million (2022 - $34 million) of investments for which fair value was not readily determinable accounted for at cost minus impairment, plus or
      minus observable price changes.




15 – Accounts payable and other

In millions                                                                                                   As at December 31,                 2023                 2022
Trade payables                                                                                                                        $           968      $           954
Payroll-related accruals                                                                                                                          391                  535
Accrued charges                                                                                                                                   350                  288
Income and other taxes                                                                                                                            310                  388
Accrued interest                                                                                                                                  215                  201
Operating lease liabilities (Note 13)                                                                                                             117                  125
Derivative instruments (Note 23)                                                                                                                   64                     4
Personal injury and other claims provisions (Note 22)                                                                                              51                   45
Environmental provisions (Note 22)                                                                                                                 39                   41
Contract liabilities (Note 5)                                                                                                                      13                   12
Other postretirement benefits liability (Note 18)                                                                                                  12                   14
Other                                                                                                                                             165                  178
Total accounts payable and other                                                                                                      $         2,695      $         2,785




94     CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


16 – Debt
                                                                                                             US$ denominated                 As at
In millions                                                                             Maturity                     amount            December 31,                 2023                 2022
                             (1)
Notes and debentures
Canadian National series:
   7.63% 30-year debentures                                                       May 15, 2023                US$                —                         $           —        $         203
   2.95% 10-year notes (2)                                                        Nov 21, 2024                US$              350                                   464                  474
   2.80% 10-year notes (2)                                                        Sep 22, 2025                                                                       350                  350
   2.75% 10-year notes (2)                                                         Mar 1, 2026                US$              500                                   662                  678
   6.90% 30-year notes (2)                                                         Jul 15, 2028               US$              475                                   629                  644
   3.20% 10-year notes (2)                                                         Jul 31, 2028                                                                      350                  350
   3.00% 10-year notes (2)                                                         Feb 8, 2029                                                                       350                  350
   4.15%     7-year notes (2)                                                     May 10, 2030                                                                       550                    —
   7.38% 30-year debentures (2)                                                   Oct 15, 2031                US$              200                                   265                  271
   3.85% 10-year notes (2)                                                         Aug 5, 2032                US$              800                                 1,059                1,084
   4.40% 10-year notes (2)                                                        May 10, 2033                                                                       400                    —
     5.85% 10-year notes (2)                                                       Nov 1, 2033                US$              300                                   397                    —
     6.25% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Aug 1, 2034                US$              500                                   662                  678
     6.20% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Jun 1, 2036                US$              450                                   596                  610
     6.71% Puttable Reset Securities PURSSM (2)                                    Jul 15, 2036               US$              250                                   331                  339
     6.38% 30-year debentures (2)                                                 Nov 15, 2037                US$              300                                   397                  407
     3.50% 30-year notes (2)                                                      Nov 15, 2042                US$              250                                   331                  339
     4.50% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Nov 7, 2043                US$              250                                   331                  339
     3.95% 30-year notes (2)                                                      Sep 22, 2045                                                                       400                  400
     3.20% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Aug 2, 2046                US$              650                                   861                  881
     3.60% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Aug 1, 2047                                                                       500                  500
     3.65% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Feb 3, 2048                US$              600                                   795                  813
     3.60% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Jul 31, 2048                                                                      450                  450
     4.45% 30-year notes (2)                                                      Jan 20, 2049                US$              650                                   861                  881
     3.60% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Feb 8, 2049                                                                       450                  450
     3.05% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Feb 8, 2050                                                                       450                  450
     2.45% 30-year notes (2)                                                       May 1, 2050                US$              600                                   795                  813
     4.40% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Aug 5, 2052                US$              700                                   927                  949
     4.70% 30-year notes (2)                                                      May 10, 2053                                                                       800                    —
     6.13% 30-year notes (2)                                                       Nov 1, 2053                US$              300                                   397                    —
     4.00% 50-year notes (2)                                                      Sep 22, 2065                                                                       100                  100
Illinois Central series:
     7.70% 100-year debentures                                                    Sep 15, 2096                US$              125                                   165                  169
BC Rail series:
     Non-interest bearing 90-year subordinated notes (3)                           Jul 14, 2094                                                                     842                  842
Total notes and debentures                                                                                                                                       16,917               14,814
Other
   Commercial paper                                                                                                                                               1,801                  805
   Finance leases                                                                                                                                                    38                   10
   Equipment loans and other (4)                                                                                                                                    715                  779
Total debt, gross                                                                                                                                                19,471               16,408
Net unamortized discount and debt issuance costs (3)                                                                                                               (998)                (979)
Total debt (5)                                                                                                                                                   18,473               15,429
Less: Current portion of long-term debt                                                                                                                           2,340                1,057
Total long-term debt                                                                                                                                       $     16,133         $     14,372
(1)   The Company's notes and debentures are unsecured.
(2)   The fixed rate debt securities are redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company, at any time, at the greater of par and a formula price based on interest rates prevailing
      at the time of redemption.
(3)   As at December 31, 2023, these notes were recorded as a discounted debt of $15 million (2022 - $15 million) using an imputed interest rate of 5.75% (2022 - 5.75%). The discount of
      $827 million (2022 - $827 million) is included in Net unamortized discount and debt issuance costs.
(4)   Includes $677 million (2022 - $734 million) of equipment loans under the non-revolving credit facility. Also included is $38 million (2022 - $45 million) of other equipment loans
      payable monthly at a weighted average interest rate of 2.11% (2022 - 2.12%).
(5)   See Note 23 – Financial instruments for the fair value of debt.




                                                                                                                                                          CN | 2023 Annual Report           95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Notes and debentures
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued and repaid the following:
•    On November 1, 2023, issuance of US$300 million ($416 million) 5.85% Notes due 2033 and US$300 million ($416 million) 6.13% Notes
     due 2053, in the U.S. capital markets, which resulted in total net proceeds of $824 million;
•    On May 15, 2023, repayment of US$150 million ($203 million) 7.63% Notes due 2023 upon maturity; and
•    On May 10, 2023, issuance of $550 million 4.15% Notes due 2030, $400 million 4.40% Notes due 2033 and $800 million 4.70% Notes due
     2053 in the Canadian capital markets, which resulted in total net proceeds of $1,730 million.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and repaid the following:
•    On November 15, 2022, repayment of US$250 million ($332 million) 2.25% Notes due 2022 upon maturity; and
•    On August 5, 2022, issuance of US$800 million ($1,028 million) 3.85% Notes due 2032 and US$700 million ($900 million) 4.40% Notes due
     2052, in the U.S capital markets, which resulted in total net proceeds of $1,901 million.


Revolving credit facilities
The Company has unsecured revolving credit facilities with a consortium of lenders. The unsecured credit facility of $2.5 billion is available for
general corporate purposes and backstopping the Company's commercial paper programs. The facility consists of two tranches of $1.25 billion
and was amended on March 17, 2023 to extend its tenor by one year to March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2028. This revolving credit facility
agreement is structured as a sustainability linked loan whereby its applicable margins are adjusted up or down based on the Company's
performance under certain sustainability targets. The unsecured credit facility of $1.0 billion is available for general corporate purposes and
was amended on March 17, 2023 to extend its tenor by one year to March 17, 2025. Both credit facilities provide borrowings at various
benchmark interest rates, such as SOFR and CDOR, plus applicable margins, based on CN's credit ratings. The facilities were also amended in
March 2023 to include fallback language that addresses the cessation of CDOR and adoption of CORRA as the alternative benchmark.


Subject to the consent of the individual lenders, the Company has the option to increase the revolving credit facilities by an additional $500
million each during its term and to request an extension of the $2.5 billion credit facility once a year to maintain the tenors of three year and five
year of the respective tranches.


As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under these revolving credit facilities and there were no
draws in 2023 and 2022.


Both revolving credit facility agreements have one financial covenant, which limits debt as a percentage of total capitalization. The Company
was in compliance as at December 31, 2023.


Equipment loans
The Company has various secured non-revolving term loan credit facilities for financing or refinancing the purchase of equipment. The
equipment loans made under the non-revolving credit facilities have a tenor at inception varying from 15 to 20 years and are secured by rolling
stock.


On March 31, 2023, the Company entered into new loan supplements to the existing agreement for an additional principal amount of US$304
million, which is available to be drawn, in Canadian or U.S. dollars, through March 31, 2024. On November 3, 2023, the Company entered into a
new term loan facility for a principal amount of $366 million, which is available to be drawn through November 4, 2024. Borrowings under the
non-revolving term loan facilities are provided at SOFR and/or CDOR, plus applicable margins. On March 31, 2023, outstanding loans
referencing LIBOR, were transitioned to SOFR. The facilities also include fallback language that addressed the cessation of CDOR and adoption
of CORRA as the alternative benchmark. The Company made no draws under these facilities in 2023.


In 2023, the Company repaid $41 million (2022 - $40 million) of its equipment loans. As at December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding
borrowings of $677 million (2022 - $734 million), at a weighted-average interest rate of 6.09% (2022 - 5.22%), and had $769 million (2022 - $nil)
available to be drawn under these facilities.




96   CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Commercial paper
The Company has a commercial paper program in Canada and in the U.S. Both programs are backstopped by the Company's revolving credit
facility. The maximum aggregate principal amount of commercial paper that can be issued is $2.5 billion, or the US dollar equivalent, on a
combined basis.


As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had total commercial paper borrowings of US$1,360 million ($1,801 million) and US$594
million ($805 million), respectively, at a weighted-average interest rate of 5.63% and 4.27%, respectively, presented in Current portion of long-
term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


In millions                                                                 Year ended December 31,         2023              2022             2021
Commercial paper with maturities less than 90 days
   Issuance                                                                                           $   13,767     $      11,799    $        5,254
   Repayment                                                                                              (13,090)         (11,087)           (5,289)
Change in commercial paper with maturities less than 90 days, net                                     $      677     $         712    $            (35)
Commercial paper with maturities of 90 days or greater
   Issuance                                                                                           $    1,871     $         440    $            353
   Repayment                                                                                               (1,640)            (589)            (252)
Change in commercial paper with maturities of 90 days or greater, net                                 $      231     $        (149)   $            101
Change in commercial paper, net                                                                       $      908     $         563    $            66


Accounts receivable securitization program
The Company has an agreement to sell an undivided co-ownership interest in a revolving pool of accounts receivable to unrelated trusts for
maximum cash proceeds of $450 million. On January 19, 2023, the Company extended the term of its agreement by one year to February 1,
2025. The Company has retained the responsibility for servicing, administering and collecting the receivables sold. The average servicing period
is approximately one month and the interest on borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization program is renewed based on
commercial paper rates then in effect or SOFR or CDOR if the commercial paper market is inaccessible and includes fallback language that
allows for the succession of CDOR to an alternative rate consistent with market convention.


As at December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization program. The
Company had no proceeds received and no repayments in 2023, 2022 and 2021.


Bilateral letter of credit facilities
The Company has a series of committed and uncommitted bilateral letter of credit facility agreements. On March 17, 2023, the Company
extended the maturity date of its committed bilateral letter of credit facility agreements to April 28, 2026. The agreements are held with various
banks to support the Company's requirements to post letters of credit in the ordinary course of business. Under these agreements, the
Company has the option from time to time to pledge collateral in the form of cash or cash equivalents, for a minimum term of one month, equal
to at least the face value of the letters of credit issued.


As at December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding letters of credit of $337 million (2022 - $396 million) under the committed facilities
from a total available amount of $361 million (2022 - $470 million) and $152 million (2022 - $100 million) under the uncommitted facilities.


As at December 31, 2023, included in Restricted cash and cash equivalents was $339 million (2022 - $397 million) pledged as collateral under
the committed bilateral letter of credit facilities, $100 million (2022 - $100 million) pledged as collateral under the uncommitted bilateral letter
of credit facilities, and $10 million (2022 - $9 million) held in escrow.




                                                                                                                         CN | 2023 Annual Report    97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Debt maturities


In millions                                                                                                                 Debt (1)
2024                                                                                                                   $     2,309
2025                                                                                                                           383
2026                                                                                                                           695
2027                                                                                                                            34
2028                                                                                                                         1,014
2029 & thereafter                                                                                                           14,000
Total                                                                                                                       18,435
                             (2)
Finance lease liabilities                                                                                                       38
Total debt                                                                                                             $    18,473

(1)   Presented net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs.
(2)   See Note 13 – Leases for maturities of finance lease liabilities.


Amount of US dollar-denominated debt


In millions                                                                       As at December 31,          2023            2022
Notes and debentures                                                                                   US$    8,250   US$    7,800
Commercial paper                                                                                              1,360            594
Finance lease liabilities                                                                                       27                7
Equipment loans and other                                                                                      540             574
Total amount of US dollar-denominated debt in US$                                                      US$   10,177   US$    8,975
Total amount of US dollar-denominated debt in C$                                                         $   13,477     $   12,165




17 – Other liabilities and deferred credits

In millions                                                                       As at December 31,          2023            2022
Personal injury and other claims provisions (Note 22) (1)                                                $     260     $       251
Contract liabilities (Note 5) (1)                                                                               82              16
                                           (1)
Environmental provisions (Note 22)                                                                              19              18
Stock-based compensation liability (Note 20)                                                                     5                7
Deferred credits and other                                                                                     156             149
Total other liabilities and deferred credits                                                             $     522     $       441

(1)   See Note 15 – Accounts payable and other for the related current portion.




98      CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18 – Pensions and other postretirement benefits
The Company has various retirement benefit plans under which substantially all of its employees are entitled to benefits at retirement age,
generally based on compensation and length of service and/or contributions. Senior and executive management employees, subject to certain
minimum service and age requirements, are also eligible for an additional retirement benefit under their Special Retirement Stipend
Agreements, the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan or the Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.


The Company also offers postretirement benefits to certain employees providing life insurance, medical benefits and, for a closed group of
employees, free rail travel benefits during retirement. These postretirement benefits are funded as they become due. The information in the
tables that follow pertains to all of the Company's defined benefit plans. However, the following descriptions relate solely to the Company's
main pension plan, the CN Pension Plan, unless otherwise specified.


Amendments to postretirement medical benefits plans in the U.S.
In June 2022, CN approved changes affecting members participating in the Company’s postretirement medical benefits plans in the U.S.
Beginning in 2023, Medicare-eligible retirees are covered by a health reimbursement arrangement, which is an employer-funded account that
can be used for reimbursement of eligible medical expenses. Non-Medicare eligible retirees continue to be covered by the existing self-insured
program. This change constituted a plan amendment event resulting in a $28 million reduction to the affected plans’ Accumulated projected
benefit obligation, recorded in Other comprehensive income, and is composed of a prior service credit of $21 million and an actuarial gain of $7
million, substantially all due to lower expected future benefit payments and to the approximate 130 basis point increase in the end of period
discount rates between December 31, 2021 and May 31, 2022, respectively.


Curtailment event
On October 31, 2021, the CN Board of Directors approved changes affecting non-unionized members participating in the Company’s defined
benefit pension plans. Effective April 1, 2024, the affected defined benefit pension plans will be amended to cease benefits accruals for non-
unionized members, generally known as a delayed hard freeze. Effective April 1, 2024, all non-unionized members will be transferred to the
Company’s defined contribution pension plans for their future service. This delayed hard freeze constitutes a plan curtailment event recognized
on October 31, 2021 resulting in a $52 million reduction to the Projected benefit obligation, recorded in Other comprehensive income as an
actuarial gain, mostly due to reflecting projected future salary increases and service only up to April 1, 2024. The curtailment event also
triggered an interim re-measurement of the funded status of the affected defined benefit pension plans resulting in an actuarial gain of
$1,915 million recorded in Other comprehensive income composed of i) an actuarial gain on the Projected benefit obligation of $1,808 million
substantially all due to the 84 basis point increase in the end of period discount rate between December 31, 2020 of 2.55% and October 31,
2021 of 3.39%, and ii) an actuarial gain on the Plan assets of $107 million due to higher actual returns of $982 million compared to expected
returns of $875 million over that same ten-month period. Due to the interim re-measurement, the resulting Net periodic benefit income recorded
during the fourth quarter of 2021 increased by $25 million composed of i) a decrease to Current service cost of $9 million, and ii) an increase to
Other components of net periodic benefit income of $16 million.


Description of the CN Pension Plan
The CN Pension Plan is a contributory defined benefit pension plan that covers the majority of CN employees. It provides for pensions based
mainly on years of service and final average pensionable earnings and is generally applicable from the first day of employment. Indexation of
pensions is provided after retirement through a gain/loss sharing mechanism, subject to guaranteed minimum increases. An independent trust
company is the Trustee of the Company's pension trust funds (which includes the CN Pension Trust Fund). As Trustee, the trust company
performs certain duties, which include holding legal title to the assets of the CN Pension Trust Fund and ensuring that the Company, as
Administrator, complies with the provisions of the CN Pension Plan and the related legislation. The Company utilizes a measurement date of
December 31 for the CN Pension Plan.


Funding policy
Employee contributions to the CN Pension Plan are determined by the plan rules. Company contributions are in accordance with the
requirements of the Government of Canada legislation, the Pension Benefits Standards Act, 1985, including amendments and regulations
thereto, and such contributions follow minimum and maximum thresholds as determined by actuarial valuations. Actuarial valuations are
generally required on an annual basis for all Canadian defined benefit pension plans, or when deemed appropriate by the Office of the
Superintendent of Financial Institutions. These actuarial valuations are prepared in accordance with legislative requirements and with the
recommendations of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries for the valuation of pension plans. Actuarial valuations are also required annually for
the Company's U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans.


                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report   99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company's most recently filed actuarial valuations for funding purposes for its Canadian registered defined benefit pension plans
conducted as at December 31, 2022 indicated a funding excess on a going concern basis of approximately $4.4 billion and a funding excess on
a solvency basis of approximately $1.6 billion, calculated using the three-year average of the plans' hypothetical wind-up ratio in accordance
with the Pension Benefit Standards Regulations, 1985. The federal pension legislation requires funding deficits, if any, to be paid over a number
of years, as calculated under current pension regulations. Alternatively, a letter of credit can be subscribed to fulfill required solvency deficit
payments.


The Company's next actuarial valuations for funding purposes for its Canadian registered defined benefit pension plans required as at
December 31, 2023 will be performed in 2024. These actuarial valuations are expected to identify a funding excess on a going concern basis of
approximately $4.9 billion, while on a solvency basis a funding excess of approximately $2.6 billion is expected. Based on the anticipated
results of these valuations, the CN Pension Plan is expected to remain fully funded and at a level such that the Company would continue to be
prohibited from making contributions to the CN Pension Plan in 2024. As such, the Company expects to make total cash contributions of
approximately $70 million in 2024 for all other pension plans, and includes the impact of affected non-unionized members transferring from the
Company's defined benefit pension plans to defined contribution pension plans effective April 1, 2024. As at January 31, 2024 the Company had
contributed $2 million to its defined benefit pension plans for 2024.


Plan assets
The assets of the Company's various Canadian defined benefit pension plans are primarily held in separate trust funds ("Trusts") which are
diversified by asset type, geography, sector and investment strategy. Each year, the CN Board of Directors reviews and confirms or amends the
Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures (SIPP) which includes the plans' long-term target asset allocation ("Policy") and related
benchmark indices. This Policy is based on the long-term expectations of the economy and financial market returns and considers the
dynamics of the plans' pension benefit obligations. In 2023, the Policy was amended to implement a target asset allocation change to bonds
and mortgages and equities.


The CN Investment Division ("Investment Manager"), a division of the Company created to invest and administer the assets of the plan, can also
implement an investment strategy ("Strategy") which can lead the plan's actual asset allocation to deviate from the Policy due to changing
market risks and opportunities. The Pension and Investment Committee of the Board of Directors ("Committee") regularly compares the actual
plan asset allocation to the Policy and Strategy and compares the actual performance of the Company's pension plan assets to the
performance of the benchmark indices.


Actual asset allocation


                                                                                                                   Actual plan asset allocation
                                                                                                        Policy             2023              2022
Cash and short-term investments                                                                           2%                2%                    3%
Bonds and mortgages                                                                                      41 %              41 %              35 %
Emerging market debt                                                                                      2%                2%                    2%
Private debt                                                                                              3%                6%                    6%
Equities                                                                                                 29 %              25 %              30 %
Real estate                                                                                               4%                3%                    3%
Resource and royalties                                                                                    5%                7%                    7%
Infrastructure                                                                                            4%                4%                    4%
Specialty portfolio                                                                                       2%                2%                    2%
Absolute return                                                                                          12 %              14 %              15 %
Alternative risk premia                                                                                   —%                —%                    1%
Investment-related liabilities                                                                           (4 %)             (6 %)              (8 %)
Total                                                                                                   100 %             100 %             100 %




100     CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Committee's approval is required for all major investments in illiquid securities. The SIPP allows for the use of derivative financial
instruments to implement strategies, hedge and adjust existing or anticipated exposures. The SIPP prohibits investments in securities of the
Company or its subsidiaries. Investments held in the Company's pension plans consist mainly of the following:
•   Cash and short-term investments consist of highly liquid securities which ensure adequate cash flows are available to cover near-term
    benefit payments as well as anticipated cash requirements needed to support derivative instruments or any other contractual
    commitment. Short-term investments are mainly obligations issued by Canadian chartered banks and by Canadian governments.
•   Bonds include bond instruments, issued or guaranteed by governments and non-government entities. As at December 31, 2023, 73%
    (2022 - 76%) of bonds were issued or guaranteed by Canadian, U.S. or other governments. Mortgages consist of mortgage bonds, interest
    in mortgages or in funds making loans, all of which are secured by real estate. On an exposure basis, the Plan's Policy for bonds and
    mortgages is 46%. This comprises a 41% allocation mainly to government and corporate bonds and a 5% allocation to derivative financial
    instruments related to bond exposure.
•   Emerging market debt consists of units of co-mingled funds or in separate accounts managed by external managers whose mandate is to
    invest in debt instruments of emerging market countries.
•   Private debt includes participations in private debt securities and funds focused on generating steady yields.
•   Equity investments include publicly traded securities diversified by industry sector, geography and issuer and investments in private equity
    funds. As at December 31, 2023, the most significant allocation to an individual issuer of a publicly traded security was 6% (2022 - 4%) and
    the most significant allocation to an industry sector was 24% (2022 - 19%). On an exposure basis, the Plan's Policy for equities is 34%. This
    comprises a 29% allocation to equities and a 5% allocation to derivative financial instruments related to equity exposure.
•   Real estate is a diversified portfolio of Canadian land and commercial properties and investments in global real estate private equity funds.
•   Resource and royalties investments include petroleum and natural gas and mineral properties and listed and non-listed securities of
    resource and energy transition companies.
•   Infrastructure investments include participations in private infrastructure funds, term loans and notes of infrastructure companies.
•   Specialty portfolio consists of mainly private equities in addition to private debt, resource and royalties investments, absolute return
    investments and public equities. Exposure to public assets may be included to manage the risk-return profile and tactical allocation relative
    to the Policy portfolio weight.
•   Absolute return investments are primarily a portfolio of units of externally managed hedge funds, which are invested in various long/short
    and derivatives strategies within multi-strategy, fixed income, commodity, equity, global macro funds and downside protection. Managers
    are monitored on a continuous basis through investment and operational due diligence.
•   For 2022, alternative risk premia investments are a portfolio of units of externally managed funds and internally managed strategies on a
    risk-adjusted basis.
•   Investment-related liabilities reflect a certain level of financing associated with securities sold under repurchase agreements and other
    assets.


The plans' Investment Manager monitors market events and risk exposures to foreign currencies, interest rates, market risks, credit risks and
liquidity risks daily. When investing in foreign securities, the plans are exposed to foreign currency risk that may be adjusted or hedged; the
effect of which is included in the valuation of the foreign securities. Net of the adjusted or hedged amount, the plans were 58% exposed to the
Canadian dollar, 29% to the US dollar, 7% to European currencies, 1% to the Japanese Yen and 5% to various other currencies as at December
31, 2023. Interest rate risk represents the risk that the fair value of the investments will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates.
Sensitivity to interest rates is a function of the timing and amount of cash flows of the interest-bearing assets and liabilities of the plans.
Derivatives are contractual agreements whose value is derived from interest rates, foreign currencies, commodities, or equities, among other
fluctuating inputs and factors. They may include forwards, futures, options and swaps. Derivatives are included in the investment asset classes
based on their underlying exposure and are used from time to time to synthetically replace any investment activity that would otherwise be
accomplished through a direct investment in any investment asset class. When derivatives are used for hedging purposes, the gains or losses
on the derivatives are offset by a corresponding change in the value of the hedged assets. To manage counterparty credit risk, established
policies require dealing with counterparties considered to be of high credit quality. Adequate liquidity is maintained to cover cash flows by
monitoring factors such as fair value, collateral pledged and received, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements.


Overall return in the capital markets and the level of interest rates affect the funded status of the Company's pension plans, particularly the
Company's main Canadian pension plan. Adverse changes with respect to pension plan returns and the level of interest rates from the date of
the last actuarial valuations may have a material adverse effect on the funded status of the plans and on the Company's results of operations.




                                                                                                                     CN | 2023 Annual Report   101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Fair value of plan assets by asset class

                                                                                               Fair value measurements at December 31, 2023
In millions                                                                           Total           Level 1         Level 2          Level 3                     NAV
Cash and short-term investments (1)                                      $             367     $        117    $         250      $              —      $             —
Bonds (2)
   Canada, U.S. and supranational                                                       38               —                38                     —                    —
   Provinces of Canada and municipalities                                             5,209              —             5,209                     —                    —
   Corporate                                                                          1,903              —             1,903                     —                    —
Emerging market debt (3)                                                               352               —               352                     —                    —
Mortgages (4)                                                                             1              —                  1                    —                    —
Private debt (5)                                                                      1,021              —                  1                    —                1,020
Public equities (6)
   Canadian                                                                            181              180                 1                    —                    —
   U.S.                                                                               1,828           1,736               92                     —                    —
   International                                                                      2,170           2,170                —                     —                    —
Private equities (7)                                                                   616               —                 (3)                   —                  619
Real estate (8)                                                                        439               —                 —                  252                   187
Resource and royalties (9)                                                            1,272             312               45                  915                     —
                  (10)
Infrastructure                                                                         660               —                14                     —                  646
Absolute return funds (11)
   Multi-strategy                                                                     1,192              —                 —                     —                1,192
   Fixed income                                                                           6              —                  4                    —                     2
   Equity                                                                              385               —                 —                     —                  385
   Global macro                                                                        774               —                 —                     —                  774
   Downside protection                                                                  15               13                 2                    —                    —
Total investments (13)                                                   $           18,429    $      4,528    $       7,909      $         1,167       $         4,825
Investment-related liabilities (14)                                                    (868)
Other (15)                                                                              (28)
Total plan assets                                                        $           17,533


Level 1: Fair value based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.
Level 2: Fair value based on other significant observable inputs.
Level 3: Fair value based on significant unobservable inputs.
NAV: Investments measured at net asset value as a practical expedient.
                                                                                                                     Footnotes to the tables follow on the following page.




102       CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                                               Fair value measurements at December 31, 2022
In millions                                                                           Total         Level 1           Level 2              Level 3                 NAV
Cash and short-term investments (1)                                      $             536     $        72     $         464      $              —      $             —
Bonds (2)
   Canada, U.S. and supranational                                                      466               —               466                     —                    —
   Provinces of Canada and municipalities                                             3,861              —             3,861                     —                    —
   Corporate                                                                          1,389              —             1,389                     —                    —
                           (3)
Emerging market debt                                                                   363               —               363                     —                    —
Mortgages (4)                                                                           16               —                16                     —                    —
Private debt (5)                                                                       997               —                 —                     —                  997
Public equities (6)
   Canadian                                                                            361             354                  7                    —                    —
   U.S.                                                                               1,931           2,011               (80)                   —                    —
   International                                                                      2,310           2,310                —                     —                    —
Private equities (7)                                                                   689               —                 (1)                   —                  690
Real estate (8)                                                                        404               —                 —                  249                   155
Resource and royalties (9)                                                            1,198            365                 (8)                841                     —
                  (10)
Infrastructure                                                                         720               —                76                     —                  644
Absolute return funds (11)
   Multi-strategy                                                                     1,390              —                 —                     —                1,390
   Fixed income                                                                          8               —                  3                    —                     5
   Commodity                                                                            71               —                 —                     —                   71
   Equity                                                                              247               —                 —                     —                  247
   Global macro                                                                        773               —                 —                     —                  773
   Downside protection                                                                  70              70                 —                     —                    —
Alternative risk premia (12)                                                           155               —                 —                     —                  155
Total investments (13)                                                   $           17,955    $      5,182    $       6,556      $          1,090      $         5,127
Investment-related liabilities (14)                                                  (1,479)
Other (15)                                                                             113
Total plan assets                                                        $           16,589


Level 1: Fair value based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.
Level 2: Fair value based on other significant observable inputs.
Level 3: Fair value based on significant unobservable inputs.
NAV: Investments measured at net asset value as a practical expedient.
                                                                                                                     Footnotes to the tables follow on the following page.




                                                                                                                                      CN | 2023 Annual Report       103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Fair value of investments classified as Level 3

                                                                                                                       Fair value measurements based on significant
                                                                                                                                unobservable inputs (Level 3)
                                                                                                                                          Resource and
In millions                                                                                                         Real estate (8)         royalties (9)                 Total
Balance at December 31, 2021                                                                                       $            272      $           677       $           949
Actual return relating to assets still held at the reporting date                                                               (23)                 221                   198
Purchases                                                                                                                          2                    —                     2
Disbursements                                                                                                                     (2)                 (57)                  (59)
Balance at December 31, 2022                                                                                                    249                  841                 1,090
Actual return relating to assets still held at the reporting date                                                                10                    81                    91
Purchases                                                                                                                          2                    2                     4
Disbursements                                                                                                                     (9)                  (9)                  (18)
Balance at December 31, 2023                                                                                       $            252      $           915       $         1,167

(1)   Cash and short-term investments with related accrued interest are valued at cost, which approximates fair value, and are categorized as Level 1 and Level 2 respectively.
(2)   Bonds are valued using mid-market prices obtained from independent pricing data suppliers. When prices are not available from independent sources, the fair value is
      based on the present value of future net cash flows using current market yields for comparable instruments.
(3)   Emerging market debt funds are valued based on the net asset value which is readily available and published by each fund's independent administrator.
(4)   Mortgages are valued using mid-market prices obtained from independent pricing data suppliers. When prices are not available from independent sources, the fair value
      is based on the present value of future net cash flows using current market yields for comparable instruments.
(5)   Private debt investments are valued based on the net asset value as reported by each fund's manager, generally based on the present value of future net cash flows
      using current market yields for comparable instruments. In 2023, $47 million (2022 - $36 million) of private debt investments are included as part of the specialty
      portfolio strategy.
(6)   The fair value of public equity investments is based on quoted prices in active markets. In 2023, $nil (2022 - $5 million) of public equity investments are included as part
      of the specialty portfolio strategy.
(7)   Private equity investments are valued based on the net asset value as reported by each fund's manager, generally using discounted cash flow analysis or earnings
      multiples. In 2023, $273 million (2022 - $304 million) of private equity investments are included as part of the specialty portfolio strategy.
(8)   The fair value of real estate investments categorized as Level 3 includes immovable properties. Land is valued based on the fair value of comparable assets, and income
      producing properties are valued based on the present value of estimated future net cash flows or the fair value of comparable assets. Independent valuations of all
      immovable properties are performed triennially on a rotational basis. The fair value of real estate investments categorized as NAV consists mainly of investments in real
      estate private equity funds and is based on the net asset value as reported by each fund's manager, generally using a discounted cash flow analysis or earnings
      multiples.
(9)   Resource and royalties investments categorized as Level 1 are valued based on quoted prices in active markets. Resource and royalties participations traded on a
      secondary market are valued based on the most recent transaction price and are categorized as Level 2, of which $10 million in 2023 (2022 - $nil) are included as part of
      the specialty portfolio strategy. Investments in resource and royalties categorized as Level 3 consist of operating resource and royalties properties and the fair value is
      based on estimated future net cash flows that are discounted using prevailing market rates for transactions in similar assets. Estimated future net cash flows are based
      on forecasted oil, gas or other commodity prices and future projected annual production and costs.
(10) The fair value of infrastructure investments categorized as Level 2 is based on the present value of future net cash flows using current market yields for comparable
     instruments. The fair value of infrastructure funds categorized as NAV is based on the net asset value as reported by each fund's manager, generally using a discounted
     cash flow analysis or earnings multiples.
(11) Absolute return investments are valued using the net asset value as reported by each fund's independent administrator. All absolute return investments have contractual
     redemption frequencies, ranging from monthly to annually, and redemption notice periods varying from 5 to 90 days. In 2023, $1 million (2022 - $35 million) of absolute
     return investments are included as part of the specialty portfolio strategy.
(12) Alternative risk premia investments are valued using the net asset value as reported by each fund's independent administrator or fund manager. All funds have
     contractual redemption frequencies ranging from daily to annually, and redemption notice periods varying from 5 to 60 days.
                                                                                                                           Footnotes to the table continue on the following page.




104     CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(13) Derivative financial instruments, which are included in total investments, are valued using quoted market prices when available and are categorized as Level 1, or based
     on valuation techniques using market data when quoted market prices are not available and are categorized as Level 2. The remaining derivatives included within Other
     are valued at mark-to-market. Derivatives are included in the investment asset categories based on their underlying exposure. The following table presents the fair value
     asset/unrealized gain or liability/unrealized loss positions and notional values as at December 31, 2023 and 2022:

                                                                                       Year ended December 31, 2023                     Year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                                      Fair value                                       Fair value

                                                                                                      Asset/        Liability/                         Asset/        Liability/
                                                                                       Notional    unrealized      unrealized           Notional    unrealized      unrealized
      In millions                                                                        value           gain            loss             value           gain            loss
      Cash and short-term investments
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                 $        20     $         —      $        —      $         5      $        —      $        —
      Bonds
         Bond forwards                                                                   1,101            162               (4)           1,432               1             (24)
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                          71              1               (1)              32               1              (1)
         Options                                                                           118              2               (2)              19               1               —
         Credit default swaps                                                               99              —               (2)             102               —              (1)
         Swaps                                                                             378            198             (205)              10               —              (1)
      Emerging market debt
         Swaps                                                                              19               2               —               18               2               —
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                           —               —               —               87               —               —
      Private debt
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                         101               1               —               83               —               —
      Public equities
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                       1,434              75             (14)           1,436              14             (30)
         Swaps                                                                           2,172              40              (9)           1,636               7             (64)
      Private equities
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                         568               1               (4)            494               1               (2)
      Real estate
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                          11               —               —               17               —               —
      Resource and royalties
         Commodity swaps                                                                    99               1             (16)             177               1             (45)
      Infrastructure
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                         190               2               —              174               1               —
      Absolute return funds
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                         689               4               —              580               3               —
         Swaps                                                                             463               2               —               20               —               —
         Options                                                                            36              13               —              203              70               —
      Alternative risk premia
         Foreign exchange forwards                                                           —              —                —               37              —                —
         Swaps                                                                               —              —                —              360              1               (1)
      Total derivatives included in investments                                    $     7,569     $      504       $     (257)     $     6,922      $     103       $     (169)
      Other (15)
        Interest rate futures                                                              381              —                —         3,115                 1               (1)
        Equity futures                                                                     348              1                —           344                 1               (1)
      Total derivatives included in plan assets                                    $     8,298     $      505       $     (257)     $ 10,381         $     105       $     (171)
(14) Investment-related liabilities include securities sold under repurchase agreements. The securities sold under repurchase agreements do not meet the conditions to be
     removed from the assets and are therefore maintained on the books with an offsetting liability recorded to represent the financing nature of this transaction. These
     agreements are recorded at cost which together with accrued interest approximates fair value due to their short-term nature.
(15) Other consists of operating assets of $143 million (2022 - $155 million) and liabilities of $171 million (2022 - $42 million) required to administer the Trusts' investment
     assets and the plans' benefits and funding activities. Such assets and liabilities are valued at cost, except for the interest rate and equity futures margins in Other which
     are valued at mark-to-market and have not been assigned to a fair value category.




                                                                                                                                             CN | 2023 Annual Report        105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Obligations and funded status for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans

                                                                                                           Pensions                       Other postretirement benefits
In millions                                                     Year ended December 31,                  2023                  2022                 2023                  2022
Change in benefit obligation
      Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year                                       $        13,909       $        17,813       $          147       $           212
      Amendments                                                                                             —                    —                     —                   (21)
      Interest cost                                                                                       703                   468                     7                     5
      Actuarial loss (gain) on projected benefit obligation (1)                                         1,035                (3,548)                    2                   (40)
      Current service cost                                                                                  83                  157                     1                     2
      Plan participants' contributions                                                                      64                   60                     —                    —
      Foreign currency changes                                                                              (6)                  19                    (1)                    3
      Benefit payments, settlements and transfers                                                      (1,033)               (1,060)                  (11)                  (14)
Projected benefit obligation at the end of the year (2)                                       $        14,755       $        13,909       $          145       $           147
Component representing future salary increases                                                             (13)                  (85)                   —                    —
Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year                                                 $        14,742       $        13,824       $          145       $           147
Change in plan assets
      Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year                                          $        16,589       $        20,416       $             —      $             —
      Employer contributions                                                                                25                   47                     —                    —
      Plan participants' contributions                                                                      64                   60                     —                    —
      Foreign currency changes                                                                              (4)                  14                     —                    —
      Actual return on plan assets                                                                      1,892                (2,888)                    —                    —
      Benefit payments, settlements and transfers                                                      (1,033)               (1,060)                    —                    —
Fair value of plan assets at end of year (2)                                                  $        17,533       $        16,589       $             —      $             —
Funded status - Excess (deficiency) of fair value of plan assets
  over projected benefit obligation at end of year                                            $         2,778       $         2,680       $          (145) $              (147)

(1)    Substantially all of the pensions' actuarial loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 and actuarial gain for the year ended December 31, 2022 is the result of the change
       in the end of year discount rate (62 basis points decrease for 2023 and 211 basis points increase for 2022).
(2)    For the CN Pension Plan, as at December 31, 2023, the projected benefit obligation was $13,711 million (2022 - $12,887 million) and the fair value of plan assets was
       $16,762 million (2022 - $15,838 million). The measurement date of all plans is December 31.

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets

                                                                                                           Pensions                       Other postretirement benefits
In millions                                                           As at December 31,                 2023                  2022                 2023                  2022
Noncurrent assets - Pension asset                                                             $         3,140       $         3,033       $             —      $             —
Current liabilities (Note 15)                                                                                —                    —                   (12)                  (14)
Noncurrent liabilities - Pension and other postretirement benefits                                       (362)                 (353)                 (133)                (133)
Total amount recognized                                                                       $         2,778       $         2,680       $          (145)     $          (147)


Amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 21)

                                                                                                           Pensions                       Other postretirement benefits
In millions                                                           As at December 31,                 2023                  2022                 2023                  2022
Net actuarial gain (loss)                                                                     $        (3,052)      $        (2,730)      $            30      $            39
Prior service credit (cost)                                                                   $              —      $             —       $            19      $            22


Information for defined benefit pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets

                                                                                                                                                      Pensions
In millions                                                                                                       As at December 31,                2023                  2022
Accumulated benefit obligation (1)                                                                                                        $          562       $           543
                              (1)
Fair value of plan assets                                                                                                                 $          203       $           199

(1)    All of the Company's other postretirement benefit pension plans have an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.




106       CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Information for defined benefit pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets

                                                                                                                                                          Pensions
In millions                                                                                                        As at December 31,                     2023                  2022
Projected benefit obligation                                                                                                                 $            565      $            631
Fair value of plan assets                                                                                                                    $            203      $            278


Components of net periodic benefit cost (income) for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans

                                                                                                            Pensions                          Other postretirement benefits
In millions                                                     Year ended December 31,            2023           2022            2021            2023           2022           2021
Current service cost                                                                          $      83      $     157       $     197       $       1      $          2   $       2
Other components of net periodic benefit cost (income)
      Interest cost                                                                                 703            468             392               7                 5           5
      Settlement loss                                                                                 —              1               2              —                  —          —
      Expected return on plan assets                                                              (1,186)        (1,132)         (1,076)            —                  —          —
      Amortization of prior service cost (credit)                                                     —              —               —              (3)            (2)            (1)
      Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain)                                                       7            166             275              (7)            (4)            (4)
Total Other components of net periodic benefit cost (income)                                  $ (476)        $    (497)      $    (407)      $      (3)     $      (1)     $      —
Net periodic benefit cost (income)                                                            $ (393)        $    (340)      $    (210)      $      (2)     $          1   $       2


Weighted-average assumptions used in accounting for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans

                                                                                                Pensions                                   Other postretirement benefits
                                                       As at December 31,             2023             2022                2021             2023                2022            2021
To determine projected benefit obligation
      Discount rate (1)                                                             4.64 %            5.26 %             3.15 %            4.71 %           5.23 %             3.06 %
      Rate of compensation increase (2)                                             2.75 %            2.75 %             2.75 %            2.75 %           2.75 %             2.75 %
To determine net periodic benefit cost (income)
      Rate to determine current service cost (3)                                    5.25 %            3.40 %             3.02 %            5.17 %           3.43 %             2.95 %
      Rate to determine interest cost (3)                                           5.21 %            2.67 %             2.10 %            5.23 %           2.74 %             1.90 %
      Rate of compensation increase (2)                                             2.75 %            2.75 %             2.75 %            2.75 %           2.75 %             2.75 %
      Expected return on plan assets (4)                                            7.60 %            7.00 %             6.79 %             N/A             N/A                 N/A

(1)    The Company's discount rate assumption, which is set annually at the end of each year, is determined by management with the aid of third-party actuaries. The discount
       rate is used to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments with a rating of AA or better, would
       provide the necessary cash flows to pay for pension benefits as they become due. For the Canadian pension and other postretirement benefit plans, future expected
       benefit payments are discounted using spot rates based on a derived AA corporate bond yield curve for each maturity year.
(2)    The rate of compensation increase is determined by the Company based upon its long-term plans for such increases.
(3)    The Company uses the spot rate approach to measure current service cost and interest cost for all defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Under
       the spot rate approach, individual spot discount rates along the same yield curve used in the determination of the projected benefit obligation are applied to the relevant
       projected cash flows at the relevant maturity.
(4)    The expected long-term rate of return is determined based on expected future performance for each asset class and is weighted based on the investment policy. For
       2023, the Company used a long-term rate of return assumption of 7.60% on the market-related value of plan assets to compute net periodic benefit cost (income). In
       2024, the Company will decrease the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by 30 basis points to 7.30% to reflect management's current view of long-term
       investment returns.




                                                                                                                                                 CN | 2023 Annual Report        107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Expected future benefit payments


                                                                                                                            Other postretirement
In millions                                                                                                    Pensions                 benefits
2024                                                                                                      $        1,051      $              12
2025                                                                                                      $        1,049      $              11
2026                                                                                                      $        1,039      $              11
2027                                                                                                      $        1,030      $              10
2028                                                                                                      $        1,018      $              10
Years 2029 to 2033                                                                                        $        4,900      $              44


Defined contribution and other plans
The Company maintains defined contribution pension plans for certain salaried employees as well as certain employees covered by collective
bargaining agreements. The Company also maintains other plans including a Section 401(k) savings plan for U.S. based employees. The
Company's contributions under these plans were expensed as incurred and, in 2023, amounted to $26 million (2022 - $23 million; 2021 - $23
million).


Contributions to multi-employer plan
Under collective bargaining agreements, the Company participates in a multi-employer benefit plan named the Railroad Employees National
Early Retirement Major Medical Benefit Plan which provides certain postretirement health care benefits to certain retirees. The Company's
contributions under this plan were expensed as incurred and amounted to $6 million in 2023 (2022 - $7 million; 2021 - $10 million). The annual
contribution rate for the plan was $89.00 per month per active employee for 2023 (2022 - $109.49). The plan covered 183 retirees in 2023
(2022 - 263 retirees).



19 – Share capital

Authorized capital stock
The authorized capital stock of the Company is as follows:
•     Unlimited number of Common Shares, without par value
•     Unlimited number of Class A Preferred Shares, without par value, issuable in series
•     Unlimited number of Class B Preferred Shares, without par value, issuable in series


Common shares


In millions                                                                 As at December 31,        2023                 2022            2021
Issued common shares                                                                                  643.8            672.4              702.0
Common shares in Share Trusts                                                                          (1.1)               (1.4)            (1.1)
Outstanding common shares                                                                             642.7            671.0              700.9


Repurchase of common shares
The Company may repurchase its common shares pursuant to a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) at prevailing market prices plus brokerage
fees, or such other prices as may be permitted by the Toronto Stock Exchange. The Company may repurchase up to 32.0 million common
shares between February 1, 2023 and January 31, 2024 under its NCIB. As at December 31, 2023, the Company had repurchased 26.6 million
common shares under this NCIB.


In millions, except per share data                                     Year ended December 31,        2023                 2022            2021
Number of common shares repurchased                                                                    29.1                30.2            10.3
Weighted-average price per share (1)                                                             $   156.37    $      156.00       $     153.69
Amount of repurchase (1)                                                                         $    4,551    $       4,709       $      1,582

(1)   Includes brokerage fees.


See Note 25 – Subsequent event for information on the Company's new NCIB.



108     CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Share Trusts
The Company's Share Trusts purchase CN's common shares on the open market, which are used to deliver common shares under the Share
Units Plan and the Employee Share Investment Plans (ESIP) (see Note 20 – Stock-based compensation). Shares purchased by the Share Trusts
are retained until the Company instructs the trustee to transfer shares to the participants of the Share Units Plan or the ESIP. Common shares
purchased by the Share Trusts are accounted for as treasury stock. The Share Trusts may sell shares on the open market to facilitate the
remittance of the Company's employee tax withholding obligations under the Share Units Plan.


Share purchases


In millions, except per share data                                  Year ended December 31,          2023               2022                2021
Share purchases by Share Units Plan Share Trusts
   Number of common shares                                                                              —                 0.5                  —
   Weighted-average price per share                                                           $         —     $       170.85     $             —
   Amount of purchase                                                                         $         —     $           81     $             —
Share purchases by ESIP Share Trusts
   Number of common shares                                                                             0.2                0.2                 0.2
   Weighted-average price per share                                                           $    156.89     $       155.53     $      142.90
   Amount of purchase                                                                         $        28     $           24     $            26
Total purchases                                                                               $        28     $          105     $            26


Share settlements

In millions, except per share data                                  Year ended December 31,          2023               2022                2021
Share settlements by Share Units Plan Share Trusts
   Number of common shares                                                                             0.3                0.2                 0.2
   Weighted-average price per share                                                           $    122.08     $        88.23     $          88.23
   Amount of settlement                                                                       $        31     $           15     $            20
Share settlements by ESIP Share Trusts
   Number of common shares                                                                             0.2                0.2                 0.2
   Weighted-average price per share                                                           $    151.32     $       141.60     $      128.40
   Amount of settlements                                                                      $        23     $           23     $            18
Total settlements                                                                             $        54     $           38     $            38



20 – Stock-based compensation

The Company has various stock-based compensation plans for eligible employees. A description of the major plans is provided herein.


Stock-based compensation expense


In millions                                                         Year ended December 31,          2023               2022                2021
Share Units Plan                                                                              $        25     $           31     $            47
Voluntary Incentive Deferral Plan (VIDP)                                                                 2                  1                  2
Stock option awards                                                                                    11                   8                 12
Employee Share Investment Plan (ESIP)                                                                  26                 23                  20
Total stock-based compensation expense                                                        $        64     $           63     $            81
Income tax impacts of stock-based compensation
   Tax benefit recognized in income                                                           $        15     $           16     $            18
   Excess tax benefit recognized in income                                                    $        10     $           14     $            10




                                                                                                                  CN | 2023 Annual Report    109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Share Units Plan
The objective of the Share Units Plan is to enhance the Company's ability to attract and retain talented employees and to provide alignment of
interests between such employees and the shareholders of the Company. Under the Share Units Plan, the Company grants performance share
unit (PSU) awards and restricted share unit (RSU) awards.


PSU-ROIC awards settle depending on the level of attainment of a target return on invested capital (ROIC) performance condition, as defined by
the award agreement, over the plan period of three years. The level of attainment of the performance condition results in a performance factor
that ranges from 0% to 200%. Settlement is also conditional upon the attainment of a minimum share price market condition, calculated using
the average of the last three months of the plan period.


PSU-TSR awards settle depending on the level of attainment of a target total shareholder return (TSR) market condition, as defined by the
award agreement, over the plan period of three years. The level of attainment of the market condition results in a performance factor that
ranges from 0% to 200% depending on the Company's TSR relative to a Class I Railways peer group and the S&P/TSX 60 companies.


RSU awards settle depending on continued employment throughout the plan period, and are not subject to market or performance conditions.


PSUs and RSUs are settled in common shares of the Company by way of disbursement from the Share Trusts (see Note 19 – Share capital). The
number of shares remitted to the participant upon settlement is equal to the sum of the number of PSUs awarded multiplied by the
performance factor and the number of RSUs awarded, less shares withheld to satisfy the participant's withholding tax requirement.


Performance share units
For the 2021 grant, the level of ROIC attained resulted in a performance factor of 190%, and the level of TSR attained resulted in a performance
factor of 119% for the plan period ended December 31, 2023. The total fair value of the equity settled PSU awards that vested in 2023 was $44
million (2022 - $40 million; 2021 - $30 million). As the respective performance and market conditions under each award were met as at
December 31, 2023, a settlement of approximately 0.3 million shares, net of withholding taxes, is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2024.


PSU awards


                                                                                                     PSU-ROIC (1)                                  PSU-TSR (2)
                                                                                                              Weighted-average                              Weighted-average
                                                                                                  Units     grant date fair value                Units    grant date fair value
                                                                                              In millions                                   In millions
Outstanding at December 31, 2022                                                                    0.7       $            73.21                   0.4      $           160.40
      Granted                                                                                       0.2       $            89.37                   0.1      $           174.04
      Settled (3)                                                                                  (0.2)      $            74.02                  (0.1)     $           153.22
      Forfeited                                                                                       —       $            91.23                    —       $           188.58
Outstanding at December 31, 2023                                                                    0.7       $            78.29                  0.4       $           166.89
Nonvested at December 31, 2022                                                                      0.5       $            72.78                   0.2      $           164.20
      Granted                                                                                       0.2       $            89.37                   0.1      $           174.04
      Vested (4)                                                                                   (0.2)      $            64.50                  (0.1)     $           148.02
      Forfeited                                                                                       —       $            91.23                    —       $           188.58
Nonvested at December 31, 2023                                                                      0.5       $            78.29                  0.2       $           166.89

(1)     The grant date fair value of equity settled PSUs-ROIC granted in 2023 of $23 million is calculated using a lattice-based valuation model. As at December 31, 2023, total
        unrecognized compensation cost related to all outstanding awards was $10 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.8 years.
(2)     The grant date fair value of equity settled PSUs-TSR granted in 2023 of $23 million is calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. As at December 31, 2023, total
        unrecognized compensation cost related to all outstanding awards was $18 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.8 years.
(3)     Equity settled PSUs-ROIC granted in 2020 met the minimum share price condition for settlement and attained a performance factor of 120%. Equity settled PSUs-TSR
        granted in 2020 attained a performance factor of 162%. In the first quarter of 2023, these awards were settled, net of the remittance of the participants' withholding tax
        obligation of $35 million, by way of disbursement from the Share Trusts of 0.3 million common shares.
(4)     These awards are expected to be settled in the first quarter of 2024.




110        CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Additional information


Year of grant                                                                                                                2023                 2022                2021
Assumptions
      Stock price ($) (1)                                                                                                  157.91             153.81                133.36
      Expected stock price volatility (%) (2)                                                                                   26                   25                  24
      Expected term (years) (3)                                                                                                3.0                   3.0                3.0
      Risk-free interest rate (%) (4)                                                                                         3.38                  1.58               0.19
      Dividend rate ($) (5)                                                                                                   3.16                  2.93               2.46
Weighted-average grant date fair value ($)
      ROIC                                                                                                                  89.37               81.03                64.50
      TSR                                                                                                                  174.04             180.18                148.02

(1)     Represents the closing share price on the grant date.
(2)     Based on the historical volatility of the Company's stock over a period commensurate with the expected term of the award.
(3)     Represents the period of time that awards are expected to be outstanding.
(4)     Based on the implied yield available on zero-coupon government issues with an equivalent term commensurate with the expected term of the awards.
(5)     Based on the annualized dividend rate.


Restricted share units
The Company has a nominal amount of RSU units as at December 31, 2023. The total fair value of RSU awards vested, the number of units
outstanding that were nonvested, unrecognized compensation cost and the remaining recognition period have not been quantified as they
relate to a minimal number of units.


Voluntary Incentive Deferral Plan
The Company's Voluntary Incentive Deferral Plan (VIDP) provides eligible senior management employees the opportunity to elect to receive
their annual incentive bonus payment in deferred share units (DSU) up to specific deferral limits. A DSU is equivalent to a common share of the
Company and also earns dividends when normal cash dividends are paid on common shares. The number of DSUs received by each participant
is established at the time of deferral. For each participant, the Company will grant a further 25% of the amount elected in DSUs, which will vest
over a period of four years. The election to receive eligible incentive payments in DSUs is no longer available to a participant when the value of
the participant's vested DSUs is sufficient to meet the Company's stock ownership guidelines.


Equity settled awards
DSUs are settled in common shares of the Company at the time of cessation of employment by way of an open market purchase by the
Company. The number of shares remitted to the participant is equal to the number of DSUs awarded less shares withheld to satisfy the
participant's withholding tax requirement.
                                                                                                                                        Equity settled DSUs (1)
                                                                                                                                                         Weighted-average
                                                                                                                                          Units        grant date fair value
                                                                                                                                      In millions

Outstanding at December 31, 2022                                                                                                            0.3        $            106.60
 Granted                                                                                                                                     —         $            157.22
 Settled (2)                                                                                                                                 —         $            122.29
Outstanding at December 31, 2023 (3)                                                                                                        0.3        $            112.66

(1)     The grant date fair value of equity settled DSUs granted is calculated using the Company's stock price on the grant date. As at December 31, 2023, the aggregate
        intrinsic value of all equity settled DSUs outstanding amounted to $56 million.
(2)     For the year ended December 31, 2023, the shares purchased for the settlement of equity settled DSUs were net of the remittance of the participants' withholding tax
        obligation of $3 million.
(3)     The total fair value of equity settled DSU awards vested, the number of units outstanding that were nonvested, unrecognized compensation cost and the remaining
        recognition period have not been quantified as they relate to a minimal number of units.




                                                                                                                                        CN | 2023 Annual Report        111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Cash settled awards
The value of each participant's DSUs is payable in cash at the time of cessation of employment. The Company's liability for the cash settled
VIDP is marked-to-market at each period-end and varies with the Company's share price. Fluctuations in the Company's share price cause
volatility to stock-based compensation expense as recorded in Net income. The Company does not currently hold any derivative financial
instruments to manage this exposure.


As at December 31, 2023, the liability for cash settled DSUs was $5 million based on closing stock price of $166.55 (2022 - $7 million based on
closing stock price of $160.84).


Stock option awards
The Company's stock option plan allows for eligible employees to acquire common shares of the Company upon vesting at a price equal to the
market value of the common shares at the grant date. The options issued by the Company are conventional options that vest over a period of
time. The right to exercise options generally accrues over a period of four years of continuous employment for options granted prior to 2020,
and five years for options granted in 2020 and onwards. Options are not generally exercisable during the first 12 months after the date of grant
and expire after 10 years. As at December 31, 2023, 12.8 million common shares remained authorized for future issuances under these plans.


During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company granted 0.6 million (2022 - 0.6 million; 2021 - 0.7 million) stock options.


                                                                                                 Options outstanding                               Nonvested options
                                                                                            Number of         Weighted-average               Number of   Weighted-average
                                                                                              options            exercise price                options grant date fair value
                                                                                                In millions                                    In millions

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 (1)                                                                  3.3     $            119.08                     1.5      $           21.96
  Granted (2)                                                                                         0.6     $            157.89                     0.6      $           32.96
  Forfeited/Cancelled                                                                                (0.1)    $            145.10                    (0.1)     $           25.22
  Exercised (3)                                                                                      (0.5)    $             94.60                    N/A                    N/A
  Vested (4)                                                                                         N/A                     N/A                     (0.5)     $           20.18
                                           (1)
Outstanding at December 31, 2023                                                                        3.3   $            127.64                     1.5      $           26.65
                                          (1)
Exercisable at December 31, 2023                                                                        1.8   $            110.61                    N/A                   N/A

(1)   Stock options with a US dollar exercise price have been translated to Canadian dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date.
(2)   The grant date fair value of options granted in 2023 of $19 million ($32.96 per option) is calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. As at December 31,
      2023, total unrecognized compensation cost related to all outstanding awards was $19 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.6
      years.
(3)   The total intrinsic value of options exercised in 2023 was $33 million (2022 - $42 million; 2021 - $42 million). The cash received upon exercise of options in 2023 was
      $49 million (2022 - $61 million; 2021 - $52 million) and the related excess tax benefit realized in 2023 was $1 million (2022 - $2 million; 2021 - $1 million).
(4)   The grant date fair value of options vested in 2023 was $10 million (2022 - $11 million; 2021 - $12 million).


The following table provides the number of stock options outstanding and exercisable as at December 31, 2023 by range of exercise price and
their related intrinsic value, and for options outstanding, the weighted-average years to expiration. The table also provides the aggregate
intrinsic value for in-the-money stock options, which represents the value that would have been received by option holders had they exercised
their options on December 31, 2023 at the Company's closing stock price of $166.55.

                                                                                  Options outstanding                                          Options exercisable
                                                                                  Weighted-     Weighted-             Aggregate                        Weighted-      Aggregate
                                                              Number of       average years        average              intrinsic Number of               average       intrinsic
                                                                options        to expiration exercise price                value    options         exercise price         value
Range of exercise prices                                        In millions                                            In millions   In millions                       In millions

      $    58.71 - $ 100.00                                           0.6                 2.7       $      86.45      $       44           0.6       $        86.45    $      44
      $   100.01 - $ 120.00                                           0.6                 4.8       $     109.67              37           0.6       $       109.66           37
      $   120.01 - $ 135.00                                           0.7                 6.3       $     127.77              27           0.3       $       127.12           14
      $   135.01 - $ 155.00                                           0.5                 7.4       $     142.96              13           0.2       $       141.17            5
      $   155.01 - $ 166.89                                           0.9                 8.8       $     158.27               7           0.1       $       159.93            —
Balance at December 31, 2023 (1)                                      3.3                 6.2       $     127.64      $     128            1.8       $       110.61    $    100

(1)   Stock options with a US dollar exercise price have been translated to Canadian dollars using the foreign exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. The weighted-
      average years to expiration of exercisable stock options was 4.8 years.


112       CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Additional information
Year of grant                                                                                                                 2023               2022                 2021
Assumptions
  Grant price ($)                                                                                                           157.89             152.84               133.56
  Expected stock price volatility (%) (1)                                                                                       23                 21                   21
  Expected term (years) (2)                                                                                                    5.5                5.6                  5.8
  Risk-free interest rate (%) (3)                                                                                             2.98               1.72                 0.48
  Dividend rate ($) (4)                                                                                                       3.16               2.93                 2.46
Weighted-average grant date fair value ($)                                                                                   32.96               27.00               20.50

(1)    Based on the historical volatility of the Company's stock over a period commensurate with the expected term of the award.
(2)    Represents the period of time that awards are expected to be outstanding. The Company uses historical data to predict option exercise behavior.
(3)    Based on the implied yield available on zero-coupon government issues with an equivalent term commensurate with the expected term of the awards.
(4)    Based on the annualized dividend rate.


ESIP
The Company has an ESIP giving eligible employees the opportunity to subscribe for up to 10% of their gross salaries to purchase shares of the
Company's common stock on the open market and to have the Company invest, on the employees' behalf, a further 35% of the amount invested
by the employees, up to 6% of their gross salaries.


Company contributions to the ESIP, which consist of shares purchased on the open market, are subject to a one-year vesting period and are
forfeited should certain participant contributions be sold or disposed of prior to vesting. Company contributions to the ESIP are held in Share
Trusts until vesting, at which time shares are delivered to the employee.


                                                                                                                                                    ESIP
                                                                                                                                         Number of        Weighted-average
                                                                                                                                            shares              share price
                                                                                                                                           In millions

 Unvested contributions, December 31, 2022                                                                                                       0.1       $        154.12
 Company contributions                                                                                                                           0.3       $        156.57
 Vested (1)                                                                                                                                     (0.2)      $        155.38
 Forfeited                                                                                                                                        —        $        157.39
 Unvested contributions, December 31, 2023 (2)                                                                                                   0.2       $        156.40

(1)    The total fair value of units purchased with Company contributions that vested in 2023 was $23 million (2022 - $24 million).
(2)    As at December 31, 2023, total unrecognized compensation cost related to all outstanding units was $16 million and is expected to be recognized over the next 12
       months.



Additional information
                                                                                      Year ended December 31,                  2023               2022                2021
Number of participants holding shares                                                                                       21,450             19,967               20,142
Total number of ESIP shares purchased on behalf of employees (millions)                                                         1.2                 1.0                 1.1




                                                                                                                                         CN | 2023 Annual Report       113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21 – Accumulated other comprehensive loss
                                                                          Foreign
                                                                         currency Pension and other                                             Income tax              Total
                                                                      translation    postretirement               Derivative      Total before    recovery             net of
In millions                                                          adjustments      benefit plans             instruments                tax (expense) (1)              tax
Balance at December 31, 2020                                    $             (384)     $          (4,485)      $            5     $    (4,864)     $    1,153     $   (3,711)
Other comprehensive income (loss) before
  reclassifications:
      Translation of net investment (2)                                        (84)                                                        (84)               —           (84)
      Translation of US dollar debt (3)                                         32                                                          32               (2)          30
      Actuarial gain arising during the year                                                        1,794                                1,794            (471)        1,323
Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other
  comprehensive loss:
      Amortization of net actuarial loss                                                              271                                  271              (71)         200
      Amortization of prior service credit                                                              (1)                                  (1)              —            (1)
                                                     (4)
      Settlement loss arising during the year                                                            2                                    2               —             2
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                              (52)                 2,066                   —            2,014            (544)        1,470
Balance at December 31, 2021                                                  (436)                (2,419)                   5          (2,850)            609         (2,241)
Other comprehensive income (loss) before
  reclassifications:
      Translation of net investment (2)                                      1,073                                                       1,073                —        1,073
      Translation of US dollar debt (3)                                       (707)                                                       (707)              93         (614)
      Derivative instruments (5)                                                                                           (2)               (2)              —            (2)
                                               (6)
      Actuarial loss arising during the year                                                         (432)                                (432)            113          (319)
      Prior service credit arising during the year (6)                                                  21                                  21               (6)          15
Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other
  comprehensive loss:
      Amortization of net actuarial loss                                                              162                                  162              (43)         119
      Amortization of prior service credit                                                              (2)                                  (2)              1            (1)
      Settlement loss arising during the year (4)                                                        1                                    1               —             1
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                              366                   (250)                  (2)            114             158           272
Balance at December 31, 2022                                                   (70)                (2,669)                   3          (2,736)            767         (1,969)
Other comprehensive income (loss) before
  reclassifications:
      Translation of net investment (2)                                       (363)                                                       (363)               —         (363)
                                      (3)
      Translation of US dollar debt                                            262                                                         262              (33)         229
      Derivative instruments (5)                                                                                           97               97              (25)          72
      Actuarial loss arising during the year                                                         (331)                                (331)              86         (245)
Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other
  comprehensive loss:
      Amortization of prior service credit                                                              (3)                                  (3)              1            (2)
      Amortization of gain on treasury lock                                                                                 (1)              (1)              —            (1)
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                             (101)                  (334)                 96             (339)              29         (310)
Balance at December 31, 2023                                    $             (171)     $          (3,003)      $          99      $    (3,075)     $      796     $   (2,279)

(1)    The Company releases stranded tax effects from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to Net income upon the liquidation or termination of the related item.
(2)    Foreign exchange gain/(loss) on translation of net investment in foreign operations.
(3)    Foreign exchange gain/(loss) on translation of US dollar-denominated debt designated as a hedge of the net investment in foreign operations. The Company designates
       US dollar-denominated debt of the parent company as a foreign currency hedge of its net investment in foreign operations. Accordingly, from the dates of designation,
       foreign exchange gains and losses on translation of the Company's US dollar-denominated debt are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, which
       minimizes the volatility of earnings resulting from the conversion of US dollar-denominated debt into Canadian dollars.
(4)    Total before tax reclassified to Other components of net periodic benefit income in the Consolidated Statements of Income and included in net periodic benefit cost. See
       Note 18 – Pensions and other postretirement benefits.
(5)    Cumulative gains or losses of the treasury locks are included in Derivative instruments. See Note 23 – Financial instruments for additional information.
(6)    Amendments to the postretirement medical benefits plans in the U.S. resulted in a prior service credit of $21 million and an actuarial gain of $7 million.See Note 18 –
       Pensions and other postretirement benefits for additional information.




114       CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22 – Major commitments and contingencies
Purchase commitments
As at December 31, 2023, the Company had fixed and variable commitments to purchase locomotives, engineering services, information
technology services and licenses, railroad cars, rail, rail ties, wheels as well as other equipment and services with a total estimated cost of
$2,222 million. Costs of variable commitments were estimated using forecasted prices and volumes.


Contingencies
In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved in various legal actions seeking compensatory and occasionally punitive
damages, including actions brought on behalf of various purported classes of claimants and claims relating to employee and third-party
personal injuries, occupational disease and property damage, arising out of harm to individuals or property allegedly caused by, but not limited
to, derailments or other accidents.


Personal injury and other claims provisions - Canada
Employee injuries are governed by the workers' compensation legislation in each province whereby employees may be awarded either a lump
sum or a future stream of payments depending on the nature and severity of the injury. As such, the provision for employee injury claims is
discounted. In the provinces where the Company is self-insured, costs related to employee work-related injuries are accounted for based on
actuarially developed estimates of the ultimate cost associated with such injuries, including compensation, health care and third-party
administration costs. An actuarial study is generally performed at least on a triennial basis. For all other legal actions, the Company maintains,
and regularly updates on a case-by-case basis, provisions for such items when the expected loss is both probable and can be reasonably
estimated based on currently available information.


In 2023, 2022 and 2021 the Company recorded a increase of $11 million, and a decrease of $11 million and $11 million, respectively, to its
provision for personal injuries in Canada as a result of actuarial valuations for employee injury claims.


In millions                                                                                                 2023                2022               2021
Beginning of year                                                                                 $          168     $          182     $          206
   Accruals and other                                                                                         44                 16                 12
   Payments                                                                                                  (32)                (30)               (36)
End of year                                                                                       $          180     $          168     $          182
Current portion - End of year                                                                     $           24     $           27     $           50


Personal injury and other claims provisions - United States
Personal injury claims by the Company's employees, including claims alleging occupational disease and work-related injuries, are subject to the
provisions of the Federal Employers' Liability Act (FELA). Employees are compensated under FELA for damages assessed based on a finding of
fault through the U.S. jury system or through individual settlements. As such, the provision is undiscounted. With limited exceptions where
claims are evaluated on a case-by-case basis, the Company follows an actuarial-based approach and accrues the expected cost for personal
injury, including asserted and unasserted occupational disease claims, and property damage claims, based on actuarial estimates of their
ultimate cost. An actuarial study is performed annually.


For employee work-related injuries, including asserted non-occupational disease claims, third-party claims, including grade crossing, trespasser
and property damage claims, and occupational disease claims, the actuarial valuation considers, among other factors, the Company's historical
patterns of claims filings and payments. For unasserted occupational disease claims, the actuarial valuation includes the projection of the
Company's experience into the future considering the potentially exposed population. The Company adjusts its liability based upon
management's assessment and the results of the study. On an ongoing basis, management reviews and compares the assumptions inherent in
the latest actuarial valuation with the current claim experience and, if required, adjustments to the liability are recorded.


Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in projecting future events, including events related to occupational diseases, which include but are not
limited to, the timing and number of actual claims, the average cost per claim and the legislative and judicial environment, the Company's future
payments may differ from current amounts recorded.




                                                                                                                         CN | 2023 Annual Report   115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In 2023, the Company recorded a increase of $2 million to its provision for U.S. personal injury and other claims attributable to non-occupational
disease claims, third-party claims and occupational disease claims pursuant to the 2023 actuarial valuation. In 2022 and 2021, actuarial
valuations resulted in a decrease of $9 million and a decrease of $20 million, respectively. The prior years' adjustments from the actuarial
valuations were mainly attributable to non-occupational disease claims, third -party claims and occupational disease claims, reflecting changes
in the Company's estimates of unasserted claims and costs related to asserted claims. The Company has an ongoing risk mitigation strategy
focused on reducing the frequency and severity of claims through injury prevention and containment; mitigation of claims; and lower
settlements of existing claims.


In millions                                                                                               2023              2022              2021
Beginning of year                                                                               $          128    $          125     $         141
   Accruals and other                                                                                       34                33                30
   Payments                                                                                                (28)              (39)              (45)
   Foreign exchange                                                                                         (3)                9                (1)
End of year                                                                                     $          131    $          128     $         125
Current portion - End of year                                                                   $           27    $           18     $          25


Although the Company considers such provisions to be adequate for all its outstanding and pending claims, the final outcome with respect to
actions outstanding or pending at December 31, 2023, or with respect to future claims, cannot be reasonably determined. When establishing
provisions for contingent liabilities the Company considers, where a probable loss estimate cannot be made with reasonable certainty, a range
of potential probable losses for each such matter, and records the amount it considers the most reasonable estimate within the range.
However, when no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. For
matters where a loss is reasonably possible but not probable, a range of potential losses cannot be estimated due to various factors which may
include the limited availability of facts, the lack of demand for specific damages and the fact that proceedings were at an early stage. Based on
information currently available, the Company believes that the eventual outcome of the actions against the Company will not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position. However, due to the inherent inability to predict with certainty
unforeseeable future developments, there can be no assurance that the ultimate resolution of these actions will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity.


Environmental matters
The Company's operations are subject to numerous federal, provincial, state, municipal and local environmental laws and regulations in Canada
and the U.S. concerning, among other things, emissions into the air; discharges into waters; the generation, handling, storage, transportation,
treatment and disposal of waste, hazardous substances, and other materials; decommissioning of underground and aboveground storage
tanks; and soil and groundwater contamination. A risk of environmental liability is inherent in railroad and related transportation operations; real
estate ownership, operation or control; and other commercial activities of the Company with respect to both current and past operations.


Known existing environmental concerns
The Company is or may be liable for remediation costs at individual sites, in some cases along with other potentially responsible parties,
associated with actual or alleged contamination. The ultimate cost of addressing these known contaminated sites cannot be definitively
established given that the estimated environmental liability for any given site may vary depending on the nature and extent of the
contamination; the nature of anticipated response actions, taking into account the available clean-up techniques; evolving regulatory standards
governing environmental liability; and the number of potentially responsible parties and their financial viability. As a result, liabilities are
recorded based on the results of a four-phase assessment conducted on a site-by-site basis. A liability is initially recorded when environmental
assessments occur, remedial efforts are probable, and when the costs, based on a specific plan of action in terms of the technology to be used
and the extent of the corrective action required, can be reasonably estimated. The Company estimates the costs related to a particular site
using cost scenarios established by external consultants based on the extent of contamination and expected costs for remedial efforts. In the
case of multiple parties, the Company accrues its allocable share of liability taking into account the Company's alleged responsibility, the
number of potentially responsible parties and their ability to pay their respective share of the liability. Adjustments to initial estimates are
recorded as additional information becomes available.


The Company's provision for specific environmental sites is undiscounted and includes costs for remediation and restoration of sites, as well
as monitoring costs. Environmental expenses, which are classified as Other expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income, include
amounts for newly identified sites or contaminants as well as adjustments to initial estimates. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs
from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable.



116     CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Environmental provisions

In millions                                                                                                2023                2022                2021
Beginning of year                                                                                $           59      $           56     $           59
    Accruals and other                                                                                       17                  27                 23
    Payments                                                                                                (19)                 (26)               (26)
    Foreign exchange                                                                                             1                 2                 —
End of year                                                                                      $           58      $           59     $           56
Current portion - End of year                                                                    $           39      $           41     $           38


The Company anticipates that the majority of the liability at December 31, 2023 will be paid out over the next five years. Based on the
information currently available, the Company considers its provisions to be adequate.


Unknown existing environmental concerns
While the Company believes that it has identified the costs likely to be incurred for environmental matters based on known information, the
discovery of new facts, future changes in laws, the possibility of releases of hazardous materials into the environment and the Company's
ongoing efforts to identify potential environmental liabilities that may be associated with its properties may result in the identification of
additional environmental liabilities and related costs. The magnitude of such additional liabilities and the costs of complying with future
environmental laws and containing or remediating contamination cannot be reasonably estimated due to many factors, including:
•     the lack of specific technical information available with respect to many sites;
•     the absence of any government authority, third-party orders, or claims with respect to particular sites;
•     the potential for new or changed laws and regulations and for development of new remediation technologies and uncertainty regarding the
      timing of the work with respect to particular sites; and
•     the determination of the Company's liability in proportion to other potentially responsible parties and the ability to recover costs from any
      third parties with respect to particular sites.


Therefore, the likelihood of any such costs being incurred or whether such costs would be material to the Company cannot be determined at
this time. There can thus be no assurance that liabilities or costs related to environmental matters will not be incurred in the future, or will not
have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations in a particular quarter or fiscal year, or that the
Company's liquidity will not be adversely impacted by such liabilities or costs, although management believes, based on current information,
that the costs to address environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or liquidity. Costs
related to any unknown existing or future contamination will be accrued in the period in which they become probable and reasonably estimable.


Future occurrences
In railroad and related transportation operations, it is possible that derailments or other accidents, including spills and releases of hazardous
materials, may occur that could cause harm to human health or to the environment. As a result, the Company may incur costs in the future,
which may be material, to address any such harm, compliance with laws and other risks, including costs relating to the performance of clean-
ups, payment of environmental penalties and remediation obligations, and damages relating to harm to individuals or property.


Regulatory compliance
The Company may incur significant capital and operating costs associated with environmental regulatory compliance and clean-up
requirements, in its railroad operations and relating to its past and present ownership, operation or control of real property. Operating expenses
related to regulatory compliance activities for environmental matters for the year ended December 31, 2023 amounted to $32 million (2022 -
$31 million; 2021 - $27 million). In addition, based on the results of its operations and maintenance programs, as well as ongoing environmental
audits and other factors, the Company plans for specific capital improvements on an annual basis. Certain of these improvements help ensure
facilities, such as fueling stations, waste water and storm water treatment systems, comply with environmental standards and include new
construction and the updating of existing systems and/or processes. Other capital expenditures relate to assessing and remediating certain
impaired properties. The Company's environmental capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2023 amounted to $13 million (2022 -
$19 million; 2021 - $18 million).




                                                                                                                         CN | 2023 Annual Report   117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Guarantees and indemnifications
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into agreements that may involve providing guarantees or indemnifications to third
parties and others, which may extend beyond the term of the agreements. These include, but are not limited to, standby letters of credit, surety
and other bonds, and indemnifications that are customary for the type of transaction or for the railway business.


As at December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding letters of credit of $337 million (2022 - $396 million) under the committed bilateral
letter of credit facilities and $152 million (2022 - $100 million) under the uncommitted bilateral letter of credit facilities, and surety and other
bonds of $157 million (2022 - $171 million), all issued by financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings to third parties to indemnify
them in the event the Company does not perform its contractual obligations.


As at December 31, 2023, the maximum potential liability under these guarantee instruments was $646 million (2022 - $667 million), of which
$603 million (2022 - $625 million) related to other employee benefit liabilities and workers' compensation and $43 million (2022 - $42 million)
related to other liabilities. The guarantee instruments expire at various dates between 2024 and 2025.


As at December 31, 2023, the Company had not recorded a liability with respect to guarantees as the Company did not expect to make any
payments under its guarantees.


General indemnifications
In the normal course of business, the Company provides indemnifications, customary for the type of transaction or for the railway business, in
various agreements with third parties, including indemnification provisions where the Company would be required to indemnify third parties and
others. During the year, the Company entered into various contracts with third parties for which an indemnification was provided. Due to the
nature of the indemnification clauses, the maximum exposure for future payments cannot be reasonably determined. To the extent of any
actual claims under these agreements, the Company maintains provisions for such items, which it considers to be adequate. As at December
31, 2023, the Company had not recorded a liability with respect to any indemnifications.




23 – Financial instruments
Risk management
In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to various risks from its use of financial instruments. To manage these risks, the
Company follows a financial risk management framework, which is monitored and approved by the Company's Audit, Finance and Risk
Committee, with a goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet, optimizing earnings per share and free cash flow, financing its operations at an
optimal cost of capital and preserving its liquidity. The Company has limited involvement with derivative financial instruments in the
management of its risks and does not hold or issue them for trading or speculative purposes.


Foreign currency risk
The Company conducts its business in both Canada and the U.S. and as a result, is affected by currency fluctuations. Changes in the exchange
rate between the Canadian dollar and the US dollar affect the Company's revenues and expenses. To manage foreign currency risk, the
Company designates US dollar-denominated debt of the parent company as a foreign currency hedge of its net investment in foreign
operations. As a result, from the dates of designation, foreign exchange gains and losses on translation of the Company's US dollar-
denominated debt are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, which minimizes volatility of earnings resulting from the conversion
of US dollar-denominated debt into the Canadian dollar.


The Company also enters into foreign exchange forward contracts to manage its exposure to foreign currency risk. As at December 31, 2023,
the Company had outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts to purchase a notional value of US$1,496 million (2022 - US$1,311 million).
These outstanding contracts are at a weighted-average exchange rate of $1.37 per US$1.00 (2022 - $1.33 per US$1.00) with exchange rates
ranging from $1.34 to $1.39 per US$1.00 (2022 - $1.29 to $1.37 per US$1.00). The weighted-average term of the contracts is 77 days (2022 -
157 days) with terms ranging from 26 days to 178 days (2022 - 29 days to 300 days). Changes in the fair value of foreign exchange forward
contracts, resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates, are recognized in Other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income as they
occur. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a loss of $45 million (2022 - gain of $129 million; 2021 - loss of $18
million) related to foreign exchange forward contracts. These gains and losses were largely offset by the re-measurement of US dollar-
denominated monetary assets and liabilities recognized in Other income. As at December 31, 2023, the fair value of outstanding foreign
exchange forward contracts included in Other current assets and Accounts payable and other was $nil and $64 million, respectively (2022 - $33
million and $4 million, respectively).

118    CN | 2023 Annual Report
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to interest rate risk, which is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will vary as a
result of changes in market interest rates. Such risk exists in relation to the Company's debt. The Company mainly issues fixed-rate debt, which
exposes the Company to variability in the fair value of the debt. The Company also issues debt with variable interest rates, which exposes the
Company to variability in interest expense. To manage interest rate risk, the Company manages its borrowings in line with liquidity needs,
maturity schedule, and currency and interest rate profile. In anticipation of future debt issuances, the Company may use derivative instruments
such as forward rate agreements.


During 2023 and 2022, the Company entered into treasury lock agreements to hedge US Treasury benchmark rates related to expected debt
issuances in 2023 and 2022, respectively. The treasury locks were designated as cash flow hedging instruments with cumulative gains or
losses recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in derivative instruments. In conjunction with the November 1, 2023 debt issuance,
the Company settled a notional US$450 million ($622 million) of treasury locks, resulting in a cumulative gain of $97 million. The cash proceeds
were included in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and the gain was recorded in Accumulated other
comprehensive loss and is being amortized over the term of the corresponding debt and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense on
the Consolidated Statements of Income. In conjunction with the August 5, 2022 debt issuance, the Company settled a notional US$675 million
($868 million) of treasury locks, resulting in a cumulative loss of $2 million. This loss was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss
and is being amortized over the term of the corresponding debt and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense on the Consolidated
Statements of Income. As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no treasury locks outstanding.


Fair value of financial instruments
The financial instruments that the Company measures at fair value on a recurring basis in periods subsequent to initial recognition are
categorized into the following levels of the fair value hierarchy based on the degree to which inputs are observable:
•    Level 1: Inputs are quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets
•    Level 2: Significant inputs (other than quoted prices included in Level 1) are observable
•    Level 3: Significant inputs are unobservable


The carrying amounts of Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value. These financial
instruments include highly liquid investments purchased three months or less from maturity, for which the fair value is determined by reference
to quoted prices in active markets.


The carrying amounts of Accounts receivable, Other current assets and Accounts payable and other approximate fair value due to their short
maturity, unless otherwise specified. The fair value of equity investments with readily determinable fair values, included in Intangible assets,
goodwill and other, is classified as Level 1 with gains and losses being recorded in Other income within the Consolidated Statements of
Income. The fair value of derivative financial instruments, included in Other current assets and Accounts payable and other is classified as
Level 2 and is used to manage the Company's exposure to foreign currency risk. The fair value is measured by discounting future cash flows
using a discount rate derived from market data for financial instruments subject to similar risks and maturities.


The carrying amount of the Company's debt does not approximate fair value. The fair value is estimated based on quoted market prices for the
same or similar debt instruments, as well as discounted cash flows using current interest rates for debt with similar terms, company rating, and
remaining maturity. The Company classifies debt as Level 2. As at December 31, 2023, the Company's debt, excluding finance leases, had a
carrying amount of $18,435 million (2022 - $15,419 million) and a fair value of $17,844 million (2022 - $14,137 million). The carrying amount of
debt excluding finance leases exceeded the fair value due to an increase in market rates compared to the stated coupon rate.




                                                                                                                    CN | 2023 Annual Report   119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


24 – Segmented information
The Company manages its operations as one business segment over a single network that spans vast geographic distances and territories,
with operations in Canada and the U.S. Financial information reported at this level, such as revenues, operating income, and cash flow from
operations, is used by the Company's management, including its chief operating decision-maker, in evaluating financial and operational
performance and allocating resources across CN's network.


The Company's strategic initiatives, which drive its operational direction, are developed and managed centrally by management and are
communicated to its regional activity centers (the Western Region, Eastern Region and U.S. Region). The Company's management is
responsible for, among others, CN's marketing strategy, the management of large customer accounts, overall planning and control of
infrastructure and rolling stock, the allocation of resources, and other functions such as financial planning, accounting and treasury.


The role of each region is to manage the day-to-day service requirements within their respective territories and control direct costs incurred
locally. Such cost control is required to ensure that pre-established efficiency standards set at the corporate level are met. The regions execute
the overall corporate strategy and operating plan established by the Company's management, as the regions' management of throughput and
control of direct costs does not serve as the platform for the Company's decision-making process. Approximately 85% of the Company's freight
revenues are from national accounts for which freight traffic spans North America and touches various commodity groups. As a result, the
Company does not manage revenues on a regional basis since a large number of the movements originate in one region and pass through and/
or terminate in another region.


The regions also demonstrate common characteristics in each of the following areas:
•      each region's sole business activity is the transportation of freight over the Company's extensive rail network;
•      the regions service national accounts that extend over the Company's various commodity groups and across its rail network;
•      the services offered by the Company stem predominantly from the transportation of freight by rail with the goal of optimizing the rail
       network as a whole; and
•      the Company and its subsidiaries, not its regions, are subject to regulatory regimes in both Canada and the U.S.


For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, no major customer accounted for more than 10% of total revenues and the largest
freight customer represented less than 3%, 4% and 4%, respectively, of total annual freight revenues.


Geographic information

In millions                                                                               Year ended December 31,         2023         2022         2021
Revenues
      Canada                                                                                                         $   11,570   $   11,583   $    9,955
      U.S.                                                                                                                5,258        5,524        4,522
Total revenues                                                                                                       $   16,828   $   17,107   $   14,477



In millions                                                                                     As at December 31,        2023         2022
Long-lived assets
      Canada                                                                                                         $   25,530   $   24,396
      U.S.                                                                                                               19,511       19,611
Total long-lived assets (1)                                                                                          $   45,041   $   44,007

(1)    The Company defines long-lived assets as Properties and Operating lease right-of-use assets.




25 – Subsequent event
Normal course issuer bid
On January 23, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a new NCIB, which allows for the repurchase of up to 32.0 million
common shares between February 1, 2024 and January 31, 2025.




120          CN | 2023 Annual Report
           Additional copies of this         La version française du présent rapport
         report are available from:          peut être demandée auprès des :

CN Public and Government Affairs             Affaires publiques et gouvernementales du CN
 935 de La Gauchetière Street West           935, rue de La Gauchetière Ouest
       Montreal, Quebec H3B 2M9              Montréal (Québec) H3B 2M9
        Telephone: 1‑888‑888‑5909            Téléphone : 1 888 888‑5909
              Email: contact@cn.ca           Courriel : contact@cn.ca




                                       30%




   This report has been printed on 30% post‑consumer recycled content.
935 de La Gauchetière Street West
Montreal, Quebec H3B 2M9
cn.ca
