CONTENT


Management Discussion and Analysis   2

Other Information                    21

Report on Review of Condensed        33
Consolidated Financial Statements
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and      35
Other Comprehensive Income


Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      37


Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       39




Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              41


Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    43




                                                         網龍網絡控股有限公司
                                                  NETDRAGON WEBSOFT HOLDINGS LIMITED
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(1) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS AND REVIEW

     2024 First Half Financial Highlights


     •    Revenue was RMB3.30 billion, representing a 10.3% decrease YoY.


     •    Revenue from the gaming and application services was RMB2.12 billion, representing 64.3% of the Group’s total
          revenue and a 0.8% decrease YoY.


     •    Revenue from Mynd.ai was RMB1.18 billion, representing 35.7% of the Group’s total revenue and a 23.5%
          decrease YoY.


     •    Gross profit was RMB2.20 billion, representing a 3.8% decrease YoY.


     •    Core segmental profit1 from the gaming and application services was RMB688 million, representing an 11.5%
          decrease YoY.


     •    Core segmental loss1 from Mynd.ai was RMB111 million, representing an 131.3% increase YoY.


     •    Operating profit was RMB634 million, representing a 9.3% decrease YoY.


     •    Non-GAAP operating profit2 was RMB640 million, representing a 7.5% decrease YoY.


     •    EBITDA was RMB1.04 billion, representing a 12.9% increase YoY.


     •    Non-GAAP EBITDA2 was RMB1.15 billion, representing a 33.1% increase YoY.


     •    Profit attributable to owners of the Company was RMB400 million, representing a 20.0% decrease YoY.


     •    Non-GAAP profit attributable to owners of the Company2 was RMB558 million, representing a 5.3% decrease YoY.


     •    The Company declared an interim dividend of HKD0.40 per ordinary share for the six months ended 30 June 2024.




02
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(1) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS AND REVIEW (Cont’d)

   Segmental Financial Highlights


                                                                     2024 First Half                             2023 First Half

                                                            Gaming and                                   Gaming and
                                                              application                                  application
   (RMB million)                                                   services            Mynd.ai                 services             Mynd.ai
                                                                                                             (Restated)            (Restated)

   Revenue                                                            2,121               1,180                 2,139                 1,542
   Gross profit                                                       1,849                 351                 1,896                    392
   Gross margin                                                      87.2%               29.7%                  88.6%                 25.4%
   Core segmental profit (loss)   1
                                                                         688               (111)                   777                    (48)
   Segmental operating expenses       3


   – Research and development                                           (595)              (101)                  (542)                   (99)
   – Selling and marketing                                              (210)              (139)                  (240)                 (187)
   – Administrative                                                     (324)              (200)                  (361)                 (145)


   Note 1: Core segmental profit (loss) figures are derived from the Group’s reported segmental profit (loss) figures (presented in accordance
             with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard (“HKFRS”) 8), but exclude non-core/operating, non-recurring or unallocated items
             including government grants, impairment loss (net of reversal), fair value change and exchange gain on financial assets at fair
             value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), fair value change and exchange loss on derivative financial instruments, interest expense
             and exchange loss on convertible and exchangeable bonds and convertible note, redundancy payments, legal and professional
             fees for spin-off and reversal of impairment loss of intangible assets.


   Note 2: To supplement the consolidated results of the Group prepared in accordance with HKFRSs, the use of non-GAAP measures is
             provided solely to enhance the overall understanding of the Group’s current financial performance. The non-GAAP measures are
             not expressly permitted measures under HKFRSs and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures for other companies.
             The non-GAAP measures of the Group exclude share-based payments expense, amortisation of intangible assets arising on
             acquisitions of subsidiaries, write-down of inventories, fair value change on investment properties, fair value change on financial
             assets at FVTPL, fair value change on derivative financial instruments, finance costs, deferred tax, reversal of impairment loss of
             intangible assets, gain on disposal of intangible assets and exchange difference on pledged bank deposits, financial assets at
             FVTPL, convertible and exchangeable bonds and derivative financial instruments.


   Note 3: Segmental operating expenses exclude unallocated expenses/income such as directors’ fee and salaries, amortisation and
             exchange difference that have been grouped into SG&A categories on the Company’s reported consolidated financial
             statements, but cannot be allocated to specific business segments for purpose of calculating the segmental profit (loss) figures in
             accordance with HKFRS 8.



                                                                                                                                         03
                                                                                                   NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(1) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS AND REVIEW (Cont’d)

     Unaudited Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results


                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                       (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                       RMB million       RMB million

     Operating profit                                                         634                 699
     Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                    (51)                  –
     Amortisation of intangible assets arising on acquisitions
       of subsidiaries                                                         36                  30
     Fair value change in investment properties                                13                   –
     Share-based payments expense                                               8                   2
     Reversal of impairment loss of intangible assets                            –                (43)
     Write-down of inventories                                                   –                  4

     Non-GAAP operating profit                                                640                 692

     Profit attributable to owners of the Company                             400                 500
     Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                         (77)                (35)
     Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                    (53)                (15)
     Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                    (51)                  –
     Exchange (gain) loss on pledged bank deposits, financial assets
       at fair value through profit or loss, convertible and
       exchangeable bonds and derivative financial instruments                  (2)                30
     Deferred tax                                                             219                   –
     Finance costs                                                             71                 122
     Amortisation of intangible assets arising on acquisitions
       of subsidiaries                                                         32                  24
     Fair value change in investment properties                                13                   –
     Share-based payments expense                                               6                   2
     Reversal of impairment loss of intangible assets                            –                (43)
     Write-down of inventories                                                   –                  4

     Non-GAAP profit attributable to owners of the Company                    558                 589


04
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2) BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

   In the first half of the year, NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
   referred to as the “Group”) delivered results that demonstrate both our resilience in the face of short-term challenges and
   our focus in building products to strengthen our competitive position and drive long-term growth. Our domestic PC gaming
   business delivered revenue of RMB1.36 billion, an increase of 2.1% YoY driven by our focus in driving engagement and
   retention of players. We believe as players’ spending habits are clearly trending towards games with high quality contents
   and highly acclaimed IP, our iconic and non-replicable flagship IPs, together with our business model of building high
   quality games around these IPs, put us in a great position to differentiate and drive sustainable growth. With that being
   said, our overall gaming revenue in the first half was affected by our overseas revenue which declined by 12.9% YoY
   due to short-term temporary issues, and we are confident to emerge in the second half with a stronger performance. Our
   confidence stems from the fact that the execution of our growth strategy remains on track with many positive news to share.
   Our new game Code-Alpha is expected to be launched in the second half and will be expanding into several countries.
   We also received encouraging metrics from our testing of Under Oath Overseas Version which puts us on track to launch
   this new ACGN game in the Japanese market within the next 6 to 9 months. In addition, we have received very positive
   players’ feedback for our new roguelike top-down shoot game Nebula Rangers that featured a second place on the
   TapTap platform’s ranking of new games, coupled with a user score of 8.0. We expect this game to launch globally in
   2025 and has the potential to become a new major title with high Daily Active Users (“DAU”).


   Turning to our education business, our overseas education subsidiary, Mynd.ai, Inc. (“Mynd.ai”), continued to go through
   a stage of industry transformation that presents both challenges and opportunities. On the one hand, we continued to see
   softening hardware shipment as education authorities are still reacting to a broad normalization of budgets post-Covid,
   and from a macro standpoint, inflation also played a role in affecting budget allocation decisions of schools. On the
   other hand, we believe the market is in a very early stage of transitioning from a hardware-centric model to an integrated
   software and service-based model, which presents a transformational opportunity, especially for Mynd.ai as the incumbent
   market leader in our addressable markets with an installed base of over 1 million classrooms.


   In recent months, NetDragon has also made remarkable progress in our country-level initiatives in Thailand and the
   Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In particular, we have announced a strategic initiative to develop aom-ai, a state-of-the-art AI
   education platform, with the support by the Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation in Thailand.
   This learning platform, which combines our cutting-edge education technologies with deep local insights of learners in the
   local market, is set for launch later this year. In Saudi Arabia, we are also working closely with the Ministry of Education
   on several exciting education technology initiatives in markets including K12 learning as well as technical and vocational
   training segments.




                                                                                                                         05
                                                                                       NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2) BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (Cont’d)

     Gaming Business


     Our gaming revenue, which represents 87.8% of gaming and application services revenue, reached RMB1.86 billion in
     the first half, representing a 1.3% increase HoH and a 3.0% decrease YoY. Our focus in the first half was two-fold. On
     the one hand, we focused on deepening engagement of users through our ever-increasing quality of gaming experience
     for our existing games, hence leading to strong retention of users that pave the way for long-term sustainability of our
     existing games. On the other hand, we made remarkable progress in the development and testing of our new games in the
     pipeline, and we are pleased to have seen some promising metrics and feedback that put us in a strong position to grow
     our revenue in the next 6 to 12 months.


     During the first half, domestic PC game revenue was RMB1.36 billion, marking a YoY increase of 2.1% and a HoH
     increase of 5.3%. Our three major IPs, Eudemons, Conquer and Heroes Evolved , all recorded both YoY and HoH growth
     for their respective domestic PC gaming revenues. The stable growth of our existing games is a result of our focus in
     expanding our gaming contents towards an optimal combination of content-driven and numerical attributes-driven spending
     that leads to higher quality of gaming experience over time.


     Our top flagship IP Eudemons generated a total revenue of RMB1.69 billion during the period, representing a 0.6% HoH
     increase and a 3.8% YoY decrease. The performance of Eudemons IP in the first half was affected largely by two factors,
     namely (1) stable HoH performance of our existing Eudemons games during the period while we put our focus in working
     towards the launch of our next new Eudemons game, Eudemons Remake Version, which is scheduled to launch in Q1 of
     next year, and (2) short-term disruptive bot issues experienced in the overseas version of Eudemons Online, where measures
     have already been put in place to put the game back on growth track.


     We continued to focus on enhancing quality of experience for our players leading to YoY growth of both gameplay-driven
     and content-driven revenue of our flagship game Eudemons Online in domestic market during the first half. In particular, our
     measures include enhancing the depth and richness of different character roles, optimizing our graphics and in-game music,
     and integrating “Guofeng” and cultural elements to resonate with the interests and passion of many of our players.


     Going forward, we expect to implement a multi-pronged growth strategy for the Eudemons IP, including achieving stable
     growth for our existing games, launching the Eudemons Remake Version and Eudemons Pocket Version 2.0 (in early 2025
     and 2026) respectively to target the huge existing pool of Eudemons IP players with a market-proven revenue model,
     as well as developing a new Eudemons PC game to be launched in the second half of 2025 to target both brand new
     players and existing player pool. We believe this strategy will bring the revenue scale of the Eudemons IP to a new level,
     and will drive revenue growth for many years to come.



06
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2) BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (Cont’d)

   Gaming Business (Cont’d)


   Our Heroes Evolved IP continued to make positive progress in the first half, both from a revenue growth standpoint and
   a long-term strategic development standpoint. In particular, our Heroes Evolved PC game continued its momentum and
   delivered three consecutive reporting periods of revenue growth with a 29.6% increase in revenue YoY in the first half,
   driven by significant enhancements in overall gameplay and success in utilizing e-sports events to “activate” our players,
   leading to increase in players’ retention, APA and ARPU during the period. We also saw a 28% increase in the number
   of e-sports teams participating in our summer season competition, as well as a 71% increase in the audience number
   compared to the same competition in the autumn season last year. In terms of expanding our mobile revenue for Heroes
   Evolved, we are in stage for our new mobile game Code-Nirvana and target to launch the game in 2025.


   Our Conquer IP delivered strong result in the domestic market with a 6.6% YoY increase in revenue, driven by two major
   content updates and the introduction of new innovative gameplays. In Egypt, our largest overseas market for Conquer
   Online, user spending dropped slightly by 1.3% YoY (on basis of local currency), mainly due to short-term restriction in
   electricity consumption (such restriction has subsequently been suspended in July, and it is expected that the electricity
   shortage will be resolved by the end of this year). Despite the short-term revenue decline, we continued to gain traction with
   monetization, as our APA grew by 16.7% YoY. We are also making notable progress in expanding the casual gameplay
   within the game, with casual players increasing by 12.7%, laying the foundation for a larger revenue base going forward.


   We also made great strides in executing our long-term strategy of expanding our IP and genre. Our new roguelike top-
   down shooter game under development Nebula Rangers started testing on TapTap in July and received a user score of 8.0.
   The game is expected to launch globally in 2025 and has the potential to become a new high DAU title. Furthermore,
   our new casual game Code-Alpha started testing in the overseas markets in June with positive results, and we expect
   meaningful revenue contribution from this game for the rest of the year with the potential to open up a new track for a
   casual entertainment genre. We are also making inroad in the ACGN genre as we received positive testing metrics in the
   overseas market for Under Oath after several rounds of game refinement in the past 12 months, and we currently believe
   there is strong visibility to launch the game in the first half of 2025. Last but not least, we are in the testing stage for our
   other new games including Miracland Saga, a new MMORPG to focus on the overseas market, and Huan Kong Cheng
   Zhan Ge to target the idle card game segment.


   Looking forward in terms of our new game pipeline as a whole, we expect to drive growth of our overall revenue and
   profitability by delivering on our new game launches in the number of 4-5 new titles in the coming 6-9 months spanning
   across both our existing flagship IPs and new IPs.




                                                                                                                             07
                                                                                          NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2) BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (Cont’d)

     Mynd.ai


     Our overseas education subsidiary, Mynd.ai, has experienced a continued industry-wide softening demand trend
     throughout most of its key geographic markets. After several years of high funding as a result of COVID-related government
     relief programs, local education authorities are still reacting to a broad normalization of budgets which affected hardware
     revenue for all players in the interactive flat panel market during the period. In addition, inflation has also led to higher
     recurring overhead costs for schools that affected budget allocation decisions for many of our customers.


     The key financial milestones for Mynd.ai in the first half of the year are as follows:


     –     Revenue of RMB1.18 billion compared to RMB1.54 billion in the first half of the prior year, with the decrease
           primarily driven by reduced spending by key customers due to the softer industry demand.


     –     Gross margins increased 430 basis points to 29.7% primarily due to increased operational efficiencies leading to
           cost savings in a number of areas, including lower component material pricing, freight and other savings as a result
           of moving part of the manufacturing process to Mexico, as well as lower warranty costs due to observed lower failure
           rates on our ActivPanel 9 and our ActivPanel LX models.


     –     Cash flow from operations improvement of RMB34 million compared to the same period in the prior year.


     –     Cash position of RMB494 million with available existing credit line.


     –     Adjusted EBITDA loss of RMB40 million, a slight 7.5% YoY improvement (despite the decline in revenue) primarily
           driven by optimization of overhead costs.


     –     Net loss of RMB340 million compared to a loss of RMB109 million in the same period in the prior year, primarily
           due to the recording of a one-time non-cash valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in the amount of
           RMB294 million (excluding this one-time effect, net loss narrowed by 58.0% YoY).


     –     Management continuing to implement cost saving measures to mitigate effects of headwinds in the hardware market.


     Despite the near-term challenges, we are confident in our business model and are well positioned to prioritize and
     streamline our operations and navigate the market challenges, as evidenced by our margin improvement. As we continue
     to pursue cost optimization initiatives and evaluate our capital allocation strategy, we believe we are competitively well
     positioned to continue as the market leader in this space.

08
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2) BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (Cont’d)

   Mynd.ai (Cont’d)

   On a broader scale, we are facing an unprecedented opportunity as we believe the global classroom education
   technology market is still in a very early stage of evolving from a hardware-centric model to an integrated software and
   service-based model. We believe Mynd.ai’s position as the incumbent market leader in our addressable markets, our
   installed base of over 1 million classrooms, a well-established network of distribution channels and a head-start advantage
   in launching its first SAAS offering in Explain Everything Advanced earlier this year are competitive moats that put us in a
   unique position at this market juncture. In view of the opportunity ahead of us, we are dedicated to delivering hardware
   and software solutions with groundbreaking tools and new technologies for the education, business, and public sectors in
   line with our long-term strategic vision.

   We expect our subsidiary Mynd.ai to host a capital markets day in the near future to detail our strategic plan to our
   shareholders and the investor community.

   Corporate Development Milestones and Awards for the First Half of 2024


                                                   Corporate Development Milestones/Recognitions

   Award Issuer                                               Name of the Award

   Ministry of Culture and Tourism of China                   Demonstration Base of National Culture Industry (國家文化業示範基地)
     (中國文化和旅游部)
   Data Management Bureau of Fujian Province                  The Innovative Unicorn Enterprise of Fujian Province in the Digital
     (福建省數據管理局)                                                 Economy Core Industry in 2024 (2024年度福建省數字經濟核心業”
                                                                獨角獸”創新企業)
   Industry and Information Technology Bureau of              Fuzhou Software Industry Leading Enterprise in 2024 (福州市2024年度
     Fuzhou (福州市工業和信息化局)                                        軟件業龍頭企業)
   The Fuzhou Federation of Trade Unions                      Fuzhou Craftsman Academy in 2024 (2024年度福州市工匠學院)
     (福州市總工會)
   Roadshow China (路演中)                                       The 7th Excellence IR for “Best Shareholder Relations Award” and “Best
                                                                Capital Markets Communication Award” (第七屆卓越IR「最佳股東關
                                                                係獎」和「最佳資本市場溝通獎」)
   Cailian Press (財聯社) and China Overseas                     Top 50 Chinese Overseas Service Organisations (中國企業出海服務機
     Development Association (中國產業海外發展協                         構50强)
     會)
   EdTech Breakthrough                                        2024 “Classroom Tech Solution of the Year” award (2024「年度課堂科
                                                                技解決方案獎」)
   Tech & Learning                                            Best of 2023 awards (2023年最佳卓越獎)




                                                                                                                                       09
                                                                                                           NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(3) LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had pledged bank deposits, bank deposits with original maturity over three months and
     cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB3,221 million (31 December 2023: RMB2,885 million), of which
     71.3%, 24.1% and 4.6% were denominated in RMB, USD and other currencies.


     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB1,445 million as compared with
     approximately RMB945 million as at 31 December 2023.


(4) TREASURY POLICY

     It is the Group’s treasury management policy not to engage in any high-risk investment or speculative derivative products
     and not to invest working capital in financial products with significant underlying leverage or risks. The Group continues
     to adopt a conservative approach to financial risk management with no leverage during the period under review. It is
     the Group’s policy not to use financial instruments for hedging purpose. It is also the Group’s policy not to invest foreign
     currency net investments which are hedged by currency borrowings and other hedging instruments.


(5) DEBT MATURITY AND CURRENCY PROFILE

     The Group’s total bank borrowings and other debts, including convertible and exchangeable bonds and convertible
     note, as at 30 June 2024 amounted to RMB1,967 million (31 December 2023: RMB1,647 million) which comprises
     principal amount of bank borrowings of RMB1,318 million (31 December 2023: RMB1,034 million), convertible and
     exchangeable bonds of RMB274 million (31 December 2023: RMB256 million) and convertible note of RMB375 million
     (31 December 2023: RMB357 million).


     The maturity profile of the Group’s total principal amount of bank borrowings and other debts for both years is set out
     below:


     As at 30 June 2024


                                                                                Denominated in
                                                                RMB                USD                HKD                Total
                                                      RMB million         RMB million        RMB million        RMB million

      On demand                                                     –                  –                 46                 46
      Within one year                                         1,120                 801                    –           1,921

      Total                                                   1,120                 801                  46            1,967



10
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(5) DEBT MATURITY AND CURRENCY PROFILE (Cont’d)

   As at 31 December 2023


                                                                            Denominated in
                                                           RMB                USD              HKD              Total
                                                     RMB million       RMB million       RMB million      RMB million

   On demand                                                   –                 –               45               45
   Within one year                                          760               841                  –          1,601
   In the second year                                          –                1                  –               1

   Total                                                    760               842                45           1,647



(6) GEARING RATIO

   The gearing ratio (consolidated bank borrowings/consolidated total equity) was 0.21 (31 December 2023: 0.17). As at
   30 June 2024, total bank borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately RMB1,318 million (31 December 2023:
   RMB1,034 million) which included variable-rate loan of RMB197 million (31 December 2023: RMB272 million) and
   fixed-rate loan of RMB1,121 million (31 December 2023: RMB762 million). The bank borrowings of RMB1,307 million
   (31 December 2023: RMB1,032 million) were secured by pledge of certain properties, right-of-use assets and pledged
   bank deposits of the Group and corporate guarantee provided by the Company and its subsidiaries, the remaining bank
   borrowings of RMB11 million (31 December 2023: RMB2 million) were unsecured.


(7) CAPITAL STRUCTURE

   As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s total equity amounted to approximately RMB6,280 million (31 December 2023:
   RMB6,174 million).


(8) CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

   As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                                                 11
                                                                                     NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(9) SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS AND FUTURE
    PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

     Saved as disclosed in this interim report, the Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposal of subsidiaries,
     associates and joint ventures as at 30 June 2024.


     During the period, the Group did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets.


(10) FOREIGN CURRENCY RISKS

     The Group operates mainly in the PRC, the United States of America and the United Kingdom. Most of its monetary assets,
     liabilities and transactions are principally denominated in the functional currency of respective group entities, which is
     Renminbi, US dollar and Great Britain Pound. However, the Group also has operations in Hong Kong, Europe, Singapore
     and Poland and the business transactions conducted in these areas during the period were mainly denominated and settled
     in Hong Kong dollar, European dollar, Singapore dollar and Polish Zloty, respectively. The Group currently does not
     have hedging policy in respect of the foreign currency risk. However, the management closely monitors foreign exchange
     exposure to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.


(11) CREDIT RISKS

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group due to
     failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of the respective recognised
     financial assets as stated in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position.


     In order to minimise the credit risk of trade receivables, contract assets, other receivables, refundable rental deposits and
     loan receivables, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits,
     credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In this
     regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group
     always recognises lifetime expected credit loss (“ECL”) for trade receivables and contract assets. The ECL on these assets
     are assessed individually for credit-impaired debtors and collectively for others using a provision matrix with appropriate
     groupings.




12
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(11) CREDIT RISKS (Cont’d)

    The credit risk on pledged bank deposits, bank deposits with original maturity over three months and bank balances are
    limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies or
    state-owned banks located in the PRC. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the ECL on these balances
    is insignificant.


    The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the joint ventures. The Group’s credit risks in these balances are
    mitigated through the value of the assets held by these entities and the power to participate or jointly control the relevant
    activities of these entities. The directors of the Company believe that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these
    amounts since initial recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12-month ECL. Based on the assessment of
    the management, the ECL for these balances were insignificant and thus loss allowance was negligible.


    The credit risk on liquid funds is limited because the counterparties are banks with good credit ratings and there is no
    significant concentration of credit risk.


    The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk on trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets with
    exposure spreading over a number of counterparties and customers.


(12) LIQUIDITY RISK

    In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed
    adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.
    The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending
    covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major
    financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term. Based on the assessment of the
    management, liquidity risk encountered by the Group is minimal.




                                                                                                                               13
                                                                                            NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(13) STAFF INFORMATION

     For the period under review, the breakdown of the number of employees of the Group is set out below:


                                                                                        As at                As at               As at
                                                                                    30 June         31 December               30 June
                                                                                       2024                 2023                2023
                                                                                                         (Restated)

     Research and development                                                         3,165                3,021               3,068
     Selling and marketing                                                               772                  817                 916
     Accounting, finance and general administration                                   1,173                1,146                  981
     Production                                                                       1,013                1,000                  242

     Total                                                                            6,123                5,984               5,207



(14) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

     Human Resources


     1.      As of 30 June 2024, the total number of employees of the Group is 6,123.


     2.      Talent introduction and cultivation has always been a focus of the Company. Therefore, the Company has been
             bringing in high-caliber ”new blood” continuously and optimising allocation of human resources. In the first half of
             2024, we successfully attracted a large number of outstanding talents in the fields of gaming and education by
             leveraging our diverse and thriving business platform. A total of 294 talents were hired, including 77 senior elites,
             which enhanced team strength. Meanwhile, we launched the 2024 spring campus recruitment campaigns in key
             renowned universities across the country attracting the attention of 14,130 local and overseas fresh graduates with
             50 outstanding fresh graduates receiving job offers in the end to bring in “new-blood”. In respect of college-enterprise
             collaboration, we deepened the relationships with quality schools to jointly promote customisation of talent cultivation
             plan and built internship practice base to lay a solid foundation for scouting and cultivating future stars with potential.




14
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(14) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION (Cont’d)

   Human Resources (Cont’d)


   3.   The Company continued to promote the new form of metaverse organisation, identifying outstanding elites and
        resources in wider scope. The Company externally breaks through the organizational confinement and attracting
        outstanding talents to work together for our cause through more flexible and diversified modes of employment and
        cooperation. In the first half of 2024, for more than 3,000 orders which NetDragon issued to different sectors in
        society and fulfilled business needs, over 1,000 orders were individuals and teams that had participated in the
        non-gaming business of NetDragon in the form of metaverse organisation. Meanwhile, we cooperated with major
        colleges and universities in China where students and teachers of which were invited to participate in the production
        line of Huayu resources and together creating quality education resources. The Company internally breaks through
        the organizational confinement and launched the function “Task Recommendation Hall” which achieved the voluntary
        disclosure of all pending tasks of the Company and have AI intelligently recommending matching tasks to employees
        according to their personal tags, allowing employees to claim tasks independently based on their personal interests
        and abilities, which breaks the boundaries of traditional departments and functions, facilitating the flexible allocation
        and efficient usage of the Company’s human resources.


   4.   The Company continued to implement the strategy to go “full electronic”. As a design-oriented enterprise that
        actively applies new technologies, NetDragon has always taken going electronic as an important starting point to
        fully promote AI empowerment and electronification management and is committed to building a new type of “AI
        + management” organization. We firmly implement the Company’s strategy in the field of human resources, which
        accelerates the transformation process of the digitalisation of human resources:


             we carefully set up and continue to improve the talent data dashboard to facilitate digitalisation and
              visualisation of talent inventory. In adherence with the concept of data-driven decision-making and AI
              pre-judgment/AI management, we highly optimized “talent management digitalisation” to provide information
              input for managers in every respect, enabling more objective and wise decision-making for personnel
              management.


             we strive to build and improve our talent tag database and enrich talent data, and maximize the potential of
              employees through dynamic matching between people and events with the help of talent tags, so as to achieve
              flexible allocation of human resources. Operational effectiveness of the organization is enhanced by improving
              efficiency and quality of transaction processing simultaneously.


             we are continuously advancing digital transformation of the recruitment process to achieve visualization,
              real-time and automated management of recruitment data and process, which enables prompt adjustment of
              recruitment decisions and immediate implementation of incentive measures.




                                                                                                                           15
                                                                                        NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(14) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION (Cont’d)

     Human Resources (Cont’d)


     5.    “AI+self-directed management” is advocated in the aspect of culture construction. Transforming to AI comprehensively,
           following proactively the newest AI capabilities and applying AI comprehensively across all tasks across the
           organisation. Committed to empower corporate management through electronification, NetDragon advocates open
           and transparent information and equal opportunities with employees directing their own learning and obtaining
           certificates, which allow them to choose tasks that they are interested in and excel at, thus, breaking through
           posts boundaries, which realised diversified career development and self-directed management to further stimulate
           individual value.


     6.    In terms of employee services and care, the Company focuses on the digital transformation of human resources,
           which effectively elevates the efficiency and quality of the human resources service through promoting the self and
           smart process change in employee services by building a human resources online self-service platform, introducing
           online electronic signatures, smart administrative service kiosk and other initiatives to help employees focus on high
           value production. The Company embraces a people-oriented approach management philosophy to promote AI
           based care for employees throughout their entire life cycle by carrying out cultural activities and welfare services with
           various themes that demonstrate the Company’s characteristics, such as game-like point system with superb benefits,
           Lunar New Year benefits, personal online annual report and sending New Year wishes. Creating a healthy work
           environment which continues to improve the service quality, service efficiency and service experience to enhance
           the satisfaction and sense of belonging of the employees by adopting the combination of online and offline methods
           while considering the smart advantage of digitalisation and the warmth of humanistic care.


(15) STAFF TRAININGS

     NetDragon is an enterprise dedicated to promoting the development of education through technology, which highly
     values the development and training work of staff and formulated a series of policies and measures aimed at enhancing
     employees’ knowledge and skills required to perform their job duties. Since 2024, the staff training of NetDragon University
     has covered a wide range of areas, from the concept of electronic iteration to the improvement of professional skills, to
     leadership and project management skills, as well as cutting-edge technologies such as game engine technology and visual
     arts, which demonstrates an all-rounded and in-depth learning system. The overall rationale closely revolves around the four
     core elements of innovation-driven, teamwork, technological frontier exploration and comprehensive quality improvement. A
     hierarchical and categorised training approach is adopted strategically to meet the needs and career development paths
     of employees in different positions. Meanwhile, emphasising the transformation and application of training results and
     encouraging employees to continue learning and keeping up through results-oriented assessment to ensure timely feedback
     on training effects. We value greatly the teaching of theoretical knowledge and emphasize the cultivation of practical
     operation and innovative ability through corporate staff training which we are committed to provide a systematic and
     personalised plan to improve the comprehensive quality and professional ability of employees in all aspects.




16
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(15) STAFF TRAININGS (Cont’d)

    1.   In-house training


         In terms of internal training, we help the Company to cultivate talents efficiently and effectively by “electronification of
         tasks”, i.e., carrying out training and certification after clearly defining the tasks, precipitating the SOP and matching
         the task tools in order for staff to learn on demand and hold certificate while taking on duties, to achieve task-oriented
         training results.


         In the first half of 2024, we have sorted out 6,462 tasks, 3,551 of which have completed task definitions and SOP
         productions; 2,821 of which have completed matching corresponding task tools. Through a complete set of task
         tools and relevant training, staff can learn how to use each task tool in the form of on-demand learning, instead of
         having to fully understand and master the entire concept, which greatly reduces the implementation threshold of each
         task.


         In the first half of 2024, the EDA learning platform launched 560 courses which 4,254 students participated in the
         learning, with a total learning time of 8,209 hours and an average learning time of 1.92 hours per person. Students
         have gained related knowledge of the concept of the digitalisation of corporate tasks, general skills and special skills
         such as programming, fine art and design through the learning platform.


    2.   Enhancing internal employee welfare by providing incentive allowances


         We organize our work more flexibly based on our organizational strategy of “co-creation everyone partakes in and
         value everyone shares” within the enterprise. In addition to completing their personal duties, employees may also
         improve their benefits by digital submission of certificates required for performing duties. “Holding certificates required
         for performing duties” means under the Company’s business-centric management philosophy, employees can obtain
         the qualification for performing duties by being granted certificates or certificate labels for the corresponding duties
         after taking specific trainings, passing appraisals and assessments of the relevant certification. Therefore, holding
         certificates required for performing duties is a prerequisite for our employees.


         In the first half of 2024, in order to encourage all departments to implement the practice of “holding certificates
         required for performing duties”, we will distribute bonuses of various amounts based on order of applications
         received, which not only will ensure professional performance of duties, but also allow employees to be rewarded
         for their work and earn more as they work more, and have better career development opportunities, which helped
         improving organizational efficiency of the Company and obtaining more external support.




                                                                                                                               17
                                                                                            NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(15) STAFF TRAININGS (Cont’d)

     3.   Professional skills training


          In the first half of 2024, NetDragon University offered training courses with 13 different topics that focuses on
          business needs and employee development needs such as game engine courses, high-quality open-world scenario
          production process courses, “go all out” (NetDragon’s keyword of the Year 2024) courses, flipped classroom
          teaching approach courses, iterative concept of electronification courses and introductory courses on the use of task
          tools, which covers multiple dimensions such as new technology training, leadership development and innovative
          thinking, effectively improving the comprehensive quality and professional competence of employees. Amongst
          those, we organised a systematic game engine training course to enhance the Company’s internal competence and
          application level of new game engine technologies. We expect that through this training, students will have a deeper
          understanding of new game engine technologies and apply the knowledge they have learned in practical work to
          create more exciting works.


     4.   Heart sign-in


          As one of the important corporate cultures of the Company, heart sign-in helps project leaders and management to
          organize and record their thoughts on the project/business, maintain their awareness of their work, and constantly
          upgrade themselves to promote the smooth development of their work


          In the first half of the 2024, there were 57,431 heart sign-ins written by 273 people in heart sign-in club, which
          averages to 210 sign-ins per person, with pageviews reaching 42,000. We let all the students of the Company
          not only experience the corporate culture, but also learn about strategy, technology, management, product, design,
          operation and other aspects through heart sign-in method to help them grow better.




18
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(16) CORPORATE CULTURE

   “Passion, Learning, Innovation, Endeavor, Pursuit of Excellence, Fairness, and Customer-orientation” is the DNA of the
   corporate culture of NetDragon as well as the cultural gene of every individual of NetDragon.


                         Passion is the attitude that every staff                   Learning has been our habit. We take
                         treats his work and colleagues. We                         the initiative to learn new things with
                         are optimistic, dedicate ourselves to                      the unity of knowledge and action.
                         work and never give up; we always                          We also focus on self-examination

       Passion           maintain a positive attitude and try to    Learning        and are ready to share what we
                         influence others                                           know.


                         Innovation is the motive power behind                      Endeavor is our characteristic. We
                         our success. We welcome changes                            actively hand up and show ourselves
                         and actively explore new fields. We                        so that we can grasp opportunities
                         dare to make attempts and sustain                          and win the future.
      Innovation         innovations.                               Endeavor


                         Pursuit of Excellence is our working                       Fairness is the working environment
                         standard. We always have high                              we strongly advocate. We respect
                         aspirations and keep improving. We                         each other, keep a frank and open
                         only compete with ourselves so as to                       mind, stay objective and impartial,

 Pursuit of Excellence   surpass your expectation.                  Fairness        and believe in the value of clear
                                                                                    rewards and punishments.


                         Customer-orientation is the design
                         and service concept of our products.
                         We lead demands, emphasize
                         experience, pursue a win-win situation
                         and create values.
 Customer-orientation




                                                                                                                     19
                                                                                   NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(17) INTERIM DIVIDEND

     On 29 August 2024, the Board has resolved to declare an interim dividend of HKD0.4 per share for the six months ended
     30 June 2024 (2023: special interim dividend and interim dividend of HKD1.0 and HKD0.4 per share). The interim
     dividend will be paid to the shareholders whose names appeared on the register of members of the Company on 13
     September 2024. It is expected that the interim dividend will be distributed on or around 31 October 2024.


(18) CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Friday, 13 September 2024 to Monday, 16 September
     2024, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim
     dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024, all share transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be
     lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance
     Centre 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 12 September 2024.




20
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                                                                               OTHER INFORMATION


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)), which were required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which
they were taken or deemed to have under provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in the register kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:


                                                                                                      Number of shares
                                                                                                        and underlying
                                                                                                         shares held or
                                                                                                             amount of      Approximate
                                Name of                    Capacity and                               registered capital    percentage of
Name of Director                Company                    nature of interests                              contributed     shareholding
                                                                                                                 (Note 1)

Liu Dejian (Note 2)             The Company                Beneficial owner, through a controlled        216,384,938 (L)          40.73%
                                                             corporation and beneficiary of a trust


Leung Lim Kin, Simon (Note 3)   The Company                Beneficial owner                                 5,779,040 (L)          1.09%


Liu Luyuan (Note 2)             The Company                Beneficial owner and beneficiary              216,384,938 (L)          40.73%
                                                             of certain trust


Liu Luyuan                      Fujian NetDragon           Beneficial owner                            RMB21,311,000 (L)           0.07%
                                  Websoft Co., Ltd.
                                  ("NetDragon (Fujian)")


Chen Hongzhan (Note 4)          The Company                Beneficial owner and beneficiary               11,197,019 (L)           2.11%
                                                             of certain trust




                                                                                                                                    21
                                                                                                      NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
OTHER INFORMATION


                                                                                                          Number of shares
                                                                                                              and underlying
                                                                                                               shares held or
                                                                                                                    amount of         Approximate
                                     Name of                   Capacity and                                registered capital         percentage of
Name of Director                     Company                   nature of interests                                 contributed        shareholding
                                                                                                                           (Note 1)

Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (Note 5)        The Company               Beneficial owner                                     550,019 (L)               0.10%


Liu Sai Keung, Thomas (Note 6)       The Company               Beneficial owner                                     500,019 (L)               0.09%


Li Sing Chung, Matthias (Note 7)     The Company               Beneficial owner                                        2,000 (L)           0.0004%

Notes:


1.       The letter “L” denotes the shareholder’s long position in the shares, underlying shares and share capital of the relevant member of the
         Group.


2.       Liu Dejian is interested in 100% of the issued voting shares of DJM Holding Ltd., which in turn is interested in 35.97% of the issued voting
         shares of the Company (the “Share(s)”). Liu Dejian is also interested in 0.39% of the Shares which is represented by beneficial interest of
         1,884,000 Shares and a beneficiary of a trust of 197,019 Shares.


         Liu Luyuan is interested in 4.37% of the Shares which is represented by interest held as a beneficiary of certain trust holding in aggregate
         of 21,541,819 Shares, and the rest being beneficial interest of 1,684,000 Shares.


         Pursuant to the concert party agreement between Liu Dejian and Liu Luyuan, Liu Dejian and Liu Luyuan are deemed to be interested in
         40.73% of the Shares through their direct and deemed shareholding in all of DJM Holding Ltd., a trust in favour of Liu Luyuan, a trust in
         favour of Liu Dejian and their respective shares held as beneficial owner in each of their personal capacities.




22
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                                                                            OTHER INFORMATION


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Cont’d)

Notes: (Cont’d)


3.    Leung Lim Kin, Simon is interested in 1.09% of the Shares which is represented by beneficial interest of 1,779,040 Shares and the rest
      being the underlying shares of interest of 4,000,000 share options granted by the Company.


4.    Chen Hongzhan is interested in 2.11% of the Shares which is represented by personal interest of 156,200 shares and interest held as a
      beneficiary of certain trust holding in aggregate of 11,040,819 Shares.


5.    Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie is interested in 0.10% of the Shares which is represented by personal interest of 350,019 Shares and the rest
      being underlying shares of interest of 200,000 share options granted by the Company.


6.    Liu Sai Keung, Thomas is interested in 0.09% of the Shares which is represented by personal interest of 300,019 Shares and the rest
      being underlying shares of interest of 200,000 share options granted by the Company.


7.    Li Sing Chung, Matthias is interested in 0.0004% of the Shares which is represented by personal interest of 2,000 Shares.


Save as disclosed above, to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors and chief executive
of the Company had any interest and short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken
or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in the register kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                     23
                                                                                                   NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
OTHER INFORMATION


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND OTHER PERSONS ’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

So far as is known to the Directors, as at 30 June 2024, the following persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the
Company) had, or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or, which were
required to be entered in the register kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO or, who were directly or indirectly
interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general
meetings of any member of the Group:


                                                                                                       Number of shares
                                                                                                           and underlying
                                                                                                            shares held or       Approximate
                                     Name of              Capacity and                             amount of registered          percentage of
Name of Shareholder                  Company              nature of interests                         capital contributed        shareholding
                                                                                                                      (Note 1)

DJM Holding Ltd.                     The Company          Beneficial owner                                  191,078,100 (L)            35.97%


IDG Group (Note 2)                   The Company          Beneficial owner                                    43,733,320 (L)            8.23%


Ho Chi Sing (Note 2)                 The Company          Through controlled corporations                     43,733,320 (L)            8.23%


Zhou Quan (Note 2)                   The Company          Through controlled corporations                     41,374,375 (L)            7.79%


Zheng Hui (deceased)                 The Company          Beneficial owner and through                      34,437,519 (L)              6.48%
     (Note 3)                                                controlled corporations


Notes:


1.       The letter “L” denotes the shareholder‘s long position in the share capital of the relevant member of the Group.




24
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                                                                              OTHER INFORMATION


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND OTHER PERSONS ’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Cont’d)

Notes: (Cont’d)

2.    The IDG Group is comprised of four limited partnerships, namely IDG Technology Venture Investments, L.P., IDG-Accel China Growth
      Fund L.P., IDG-Accel China Growth Fund-A L.P. and IDG-Accel China Investors L.P., being interested in approximately 2.05%, 4.77%,
      0.97% and 0.44% respectively, in the Company who are deemed to be acting in concert to acquire interests in the Company, and their
      respective controlling entities. The controlling structure of each of the above partnerships is as follows:

      a)     IDG Technology Venture Investments, L.P. is controlled by its sole general partner, IDG Technology Venture Investments, LLC, which
             in turn is controlled by its managing members, Zhou Quan and Ho Chi Sing.

      b)     IDG-Accel China Growth Fund L.P. and IDG-Accel China Growth Fund-A L.P. are controlled by their sole general partner, IDG-
             Accel China Growth Fund Associates L.P., which in turn is controlled by its sole general partner, IDG-Accel China Growth Fund GP
             Associates Ltd.. IDG-Accel China Growth Fund GP Associates Ltd. is held as to 35.00% by each of Zhou Quan and Ho Chi Sing.

      c)     IDG-Accel China Investors L.P. is controlled by its sole general partner, IDG-Accel China Investors Associates Ltd., which in turn is
             held as to 100.00% by Ho Chi Sing.

3.    Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 9 June 2023 in relation to the passing away of Zheng Hui, a former
      executive Director.

      Zheng Hui (deceased) was interested in 100% of the issued share capital of Fitter Property Inc., which in turn was interested in 3.58% of
      the Shares. Zheng Hui was interested in 100% of the issued share capital of Eagle World International Inc., which in turn was interested
      in 2.62% of the Shares. Zheng Hui was also interested in 0.28% of the issued Shares which was represented by beneficial interest of
      1,497,000 Shares. Zheng Hui’s interests are now undergoing probate.


Save as disclosed above, the Directors are not aware of any persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company)
who had, or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or, which were
required to be entered in the register kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO or who were directly or indirectly
interested in 5% or more of the issued voting shares of any other member of the Group as at 30 June 2024.


SHARE SCHEMES

At the annual general meeting of the Company held on 6 June 2024, the shareholders of the Company approved the adoption
the 2024 share option scheme (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”) and the 2024 share award scheme (the “2024 Share
Award Scheme”) (together, the “Existing Share Schemes”). Further details of the Existing Share Schemes are set out in the circular
of the Company dated 24 April 2024.


As at the date of adoption of the Existing Share Schemes and as at 30 June 2024, no share options and awarded shares were
granted under the Existing Share Schemes, the total number of share options and awarded shares available for grant under the
Existing Share Schemes shall not exceed 53,126,253, representing 10% of the Shares of the Company, the total number of
share options and awarded shares available for grant to the service providers (as defined under the Existing Share Schemes)
under the Existing Share Schemes shall not exceed 5,312,625, representing 1% of the Shares of the Company.




                                                                                                                                           25
                                                                                                     NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE SCHEMES (Cont’d)

Details of share option schemes and share award scheme of the Company are set out below.


Share Option Scheme


The Company adopted the 2024 Share Option Scheme on 6 June 2024 to replace its previous share option scheme. The share
option schemes adopted by the Company on 24 May 2018 (the “2018 Share Option Scheme”) and 12 June 2008 (the “2008
Share Option Scheme”) were terminated on 6 June 2024 and 24 May 2018 respectively. The outstanding share options granted
under the 2018 Share Option Scheme and the 2008 Share Option Scheme shall remain valid and exercisable according to the
terms of the schemes.


The 2024 Share Option Scheme was adopted for the purpose to enable the Company to grant share options to eligible
participants (being the employee of the Company or any related entities, and the services providers) as incentives or rewards for
their contribution or potential contribution to the Group. Unless early terminated by the Board, the 2024 Share Option Scheme
shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on 6 June 2024.


As at 30 June 2024, no share options were granted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme. No share options were granted
under the 2018 Share Option Scheme as at the date of its termination. Details of the movements of the outstanding share options
under the 2008 Share Option Scheme and the 2018 Share Option Scheme during the six months ended 30 June 2024 are as
follows:


2008 Share Option Scheme


                                                              As at                                                         As at
                                               Exercise   1 January               Number of share options                 30 June
Grantee                        Date of grant      Price       2024     Granted     Exercised   Cancelled     Lapsed         2024
                                                   HKD


Independent non-executive Directors
Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie              31.03.2017     23.65      100,000           –            –           –          –       100,000


Liu Sai Keung, Thomas             31.03.2017     23.65      100,000           –            –           –          –       100,000


Others
Employees                         31.03.2017     23.65      100,000           –            –           –          –       100,000


Total                                                       300,000           –            –           –          –       300,000

26
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE SCHEMES (Cont’d)

Share Option Scheme (Cont’d)


2018 Share Option Scheme


                                                                        As at                                                                  As at
                                                        Exercise   1 January                   Number of share options                      30 June
Grantee                            Date of grant           Price        2024         Granted    Exercised    Cancelled        Lapsed           2024
                                                            HKD

Executive Director
Leung Lim Kin, Simon                  24.01.2020          21.07     4,000,000              –            –             –             –      4,000,000


Independent non-executive Directors
Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie                  24.01.2020          21.07       100,000              –            –             –             –        100,000


Liu Sai Keung, Thomas                 24.01.2020          21.07       100,000              –            –             –             –        100,000


Others
Employees                             24.01.2020          21.07     1,100,000              –            –             –             –      1,100,000


Total                                                               5,300,000              –            –             –             –      5,300,000


Note 1:         Share options granted on 31 March 2017 were vested from 31 March 2018 to 31 March 2020, 25% of which were vested on
                the first anniversary of the date of grant, 25% were vested on the second anniversary of the date of grant, and 50% were vested on
                the third anniversary of the date of grant. The share options are exercisable from the relevant vesting dates until 30 March 2027.


Note 2:         Share options granted on 24 January 2020 to the independent non-executive Directors were vested from 24 January 2021 to
                24 January 2023, with one-third of the share options vested on the first, second and third anniversary of the date of grant. The
                remaining share options granted to grantees on 24 January 2020 were vested from 24 January 2021 to 24 January 2024, with
                25% of the share options vested on each anniversary of the date of grant. All share options granted on 24 January 2020 are
                exercisable from the relevant vesting dates until 23 January 2030.




                                                                                                                                              27
                                                                                                        NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE SCHEMES (Cont’d)

Share Award Scheme


The Company adopted the 2024 Share Award Scheme on 6 June 2024 to replace the share award scheme that was adopted
on 2 September 2008 and extended on 31 August 2018 (the “2008 Share Award Scheme”). The Board may, at their
discretion, select any eligible participant (being the employee of the Company or any related entities, and the services providers)
for participation in the 2024 Share Award Scheme. Unless early terminated by the Board, the 2024 Share Award Scheme shall
be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on 6 June 2024.


Pursuant to the rules of the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the Group has signed an agreement with Bank of Communications
Trustee Limited (the “Trustee”), for the purpose of administering the 2024 Share Award Scheme and holding the awarded shares
before they are vested.


The awarded shares, will be transferred to the selected participants at nil consideration, subject to receipt by the Trustee of (i)
transfer documents duly signed by the Trustee and the selected participants within the period stipulated in the vesting notice issued
by the Trustee to the selected participants; and (ii) a confirmation letter from the Company that all vesting conditions having been
fulfilled.


Subject to the acceptance by the relevant selected participants, such transferred awarded shares may be held by the selected
participants in their own names or such nominees, including any trustees, as designated by the selected participants.


As at 30 June 2024, no awarded shares were granted under the 2024 Share Award Scheme. No awarded shares were
granted under the 2008 Share Award Scheme as at the date of its termination.




28
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION


ISSUE OF SECURED CONVERTIBLE AND EXCHANGEABLE BONDS BY BEST ASSISTANT
AND ISSUE OF UNLISTED WARRANT UNDER SPECIFIC MANDATE

On 10 November 2019, the Company, Best Assistant Education Online Limited (“Best Assistant”), NetDragon Websoft Inc.
(“NetDragon BVI”), Digital Train Limited (“Digital Train”), Promethean World Limited, Nurture Education (Cayman) Limited (the
“Investor”), Madison Pacific Trust Limited as the agent and the security agent entered into the bond and warrant purchase
agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which (i) Best Assistant agreed to issue to the Investor and the Investor agreed
to purchase the convertible and exchangeable bonds (the “Convertible and Exchangeable Bonds”) in the aggregate principal
amount of USD150 million (equivalent to approximately HKD1,174.5 million); and (ii) simultaneously with the issue of the
Convertible and Exchangeable Bonds, the Company would issue to the Investor the unlisted warrants. The issue of Convertible
and Exchangeable Bonds and the Warrants to the Investor is a strategic collaboration with the Investor, an institutional investor
with extensive experience and active investments in the Greater China education sector.


Closing of the Purchase Agreement took place on 9 March 2020, and Best Assistant has issued to the Investor, Convertible
and Exchangeable Bonds which can be converted to 279,510,479 ordinary shares of Best Assistant, representing 11.16%
of the total outstanding share capital of Best Assistant on a fully diluted and as-converted basis, and the Company has issued
the unlisted warrant to the Investor which can be converted to 11,502,220 warrant shares of the Company. As a result of the
payment of the Company’s dividend and pursuant to the relevant warrant instrument, the subscription price of the relevant warrant
instrument is adjusted from HKD2l.l998 to HKD19.6698 on 28 February 2022, and further adjusted to HKDl8.8698 on 31
October 2022. The net proceeds raised from the issuance of Convertible and Exchangeable Bonds and warrants were also
applied and fully utilized as intended.


As at 30 June 2024, no Convertible and Exchangeable Bonds were converted into ordinary shares of Best Assistant and no
warrants were converted into Shares of the Company.




                                                                                                                            29
                                                                                          NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
OTHER INFORMATION


MAJOR TRANSACTION IN RELATION TO THE MERGER, MAJOR DISPOSAL AND
PROPOSED SPIN-OFF OF ELMTREE, AND DISTRIBUTION IN SPECIE

Merger and Proposed Spin-off


On 18 April 2023 (after trading hours), the Company, Best Assistant, Mynd.ai, Inc. (“Mynd.ai”, formerly known as Gravitas
Education Holdings, Inc. (“GEHI”)) and Bright Sunlight Limited (“Bright Sunlight”) (a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of GEHI)
entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the “Merger Agreement”).


The transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement involve, among other things: (i) the incorporation of eLMTree as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Best Assistant and Best Assistant transferring the education business of the Company outside of
the PRC (comprising the businesses operated by Promethean, Edmodo, Elernity (Thailand) Co., Ltd. and Sky Knight Investments
Limited) to eLMTree; (ii) (a) all shares reserved by Best Assistant under the Best Assistant Share Award Scheme being granted, (b)
certain inter-company loans from the Company or NetDragon BVI, on the one hand, to Best Assistant or any subsidiary thereof,
on the other hand, being cancelled in exchange for the issuance of certain ordinary shares of Best Assistant to NetDragon BVI,
and (c) interests in Best Assistant held by all existing shareholders of Best Assistant (except for one ordinary share of Best assistant
held by NetDragon BVI) being repurchased in exchange for ordinary shares of eLMTree ,(the “BA Repurchase”) or otherwise
being procured that such shares of the Company are exchanged for newly-issued ordinary shares of eLMTree in any other manner
permitted by applicable law; and (iii) Bright Sunlight merging with and into eLMTree with eLMTree surviving after the merger (the
“Merger”).




30
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION


MAJOR TRANSACTION IN RELATION TO THE MERGER, MAJOR DISPOSAL AND
PROPOSED SPIN-OFF OF ELMTREE, AND DISTRIBUTION IN SPECIE (Cont’d)

Merger and Proposed Spin-off (Cont’d)


The transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement were approved by the shareholders at the extraordinary general
meeting held on 14 July 2023. The closing of the Merger (the “Closing”) has taken place and the Merger has become effective
on 13 December 2023. Upon the Closing, eLMTree has become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Mynd.ai, a company
listed on the NYSE American and the financial results of Mynd.ai and its subsidiaries (including eLMTree) will be consolidated
into the consolidated financial statements of the Company.


Distribution in Specie


To give due regard to the interests of the shareholders of the Company, upon the Closing, the Directors passed a resolution to
declare a special dividend to shareholders by way of a distribution in specie (the “Distribution in Specie”) of 676,681 American
depositary shares represented by ordinary shares of Mynd.ai held by the Company (indirectly through NetDragon BVI) after
Closing (or cash alternative), in proportion to their respective shareholdings in the Company.


The distribution completed on 15 February 2024. The Company has paid an aggregate of approximately HKD71.7 million to
shareholders in respect of the cash payments for the Distribution in Specie.


MODEL CODE OF CONDUCT FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting than the
required standard of dealings as set out in the Model Code under Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that,
having made specific enquiry of all Directors, all the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard
of dealings as set out on the Model Code under Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules and the code of conduct of the Company
regarding securities transactions by the Directors for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS

None of the Directors or any of their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) has interest in any business that
competes or may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group, or has any other conflict of interests with
the Group as at the date of this report.




                                                                                                                               31
                                                                                            NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
OTHER INFORMATION


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Throughout the period under review, the Company has complied with the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as
set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company established the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) on 15 October 2007 which has adopted written terms
of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise our
financial reporting process and internal control systems, which include financial, operational and compliance controls and risk
management functions.


The Audit Committee reviews the interim and annual condensed consolidated financial results of the Group. In addition, the Audit
Committee also reviews and approves the pricing policy and the performance for the continued connected transactions and
connected transactions relating to structure contracts, other contracts and control documents of the Group.


Our Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Li Sing Chung Matthias (the chairman of the
Audit Committee), Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie and Liu Sai Keung, Thomas.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company. The Group’s
interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2024 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of
the opinion that the preparation of such results complied with the applicable accounting standards and requirements and that
adequate disclosures have been made.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

During the six months ended 30 June 2024, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries repurchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including any sale of treasury shares).
                                                                                             By Order of the Board
                                                                                NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  Liu Dejian
                                                                                                   Chairman


Hong Kong, 29 August 2024




32
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF NETDRAGON WEBSOFT HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 35 to 80, which comprise the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position as of 30 June 2024, and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit
or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated
statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report
on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard
34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors
of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements
in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial
statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope
than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain
assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not
express an audit opinion.




                                                                                                                            33
                                                                                          NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated financial
statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
29 August 2024




34
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                            (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                             NOTES          RMB million        RMB million

Revenue                                                                        4                 3,301              3,681
Cost of revenue                                                                                  (1,102)           (1,394)

Gross profit                                                                                     2,199              2,287
Other income and gains                                                        5(a)                 139                 120
Selling and marketing expenses                                                                     (352)              (443)
Administrative expenses                                                                            (551)              (570)
Research and development costs                                                                     (696)              (641)
Other expenses and losses                                                     5(b)                 (105)               (54)

Operating profit                                                                                   634                 699
Exchange gain (loss) on pledged bank deposits, financial assets at fair
  value through profit or loss, convertible and exchangeable bonds and
  derivative financial instruments                                                                    2                (35)
Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           77                 35
Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                                70                 15
Finance costs                                                                                       (81)              (135)

Profit before taxation                                                                             702                 579
Taxation                                                                       6                   (397)              (126)

Profit for the period                                                          7                   305                 453




                                                                                                                       35
                                                                                            NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




                                                                               Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                               (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                        NOTE   RMB million       RMB million

Other comprehensive income (expense) for the period,
  net of income tax:
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
  Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                     1                  61


Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
  Fair value change on equity instruments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                             (12)                 (1)

Other comprehensive (expense) income for the period                                   (11)                 60

Total comprehensive income for the period                                             294                 513

Profit (loss) for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                             400                 500
  – Non-controlling interests                                                         (95)                (47)

                                                                                      305                 453

Total comprehensive income (expense) for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                             388                 557
  – Non-controlling interests                                                         (94)                (44)

                                                                                      294                 513



                                                                                RMB cents         RMB cents
Earnings per share                                                       9
  – Basic                                                                           75.46             92.61
  – Diluted                                                                         75.46             92.61




36
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                            AS AT 30 JUNE 2024




                                                                                 30 June         31 December
                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                      (Audited
                                                                              (Unaudited)         and restated)
                                                                      NOTES   RMB million          RMB million

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                          10          2,357                2,422
Right-of-use assets                                                    10            458                  380
Investment properties                                                                 47                    60
Goodwill                                                                             320                  325
Intangible assets                                                      10            783                  868
Interests in associates and joint ventures                                            43                    43
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income                   32                    45
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  11            509                  453
Loan receivables                                                                      12                    12
Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                            14            352                  351
Deferred tax assets                                                                  151                  433

                                                                                   5,064                5,392

Current assets
Properties under development                                                          70                   70
Properties for sale                                                                  281                  280
Inventories                                                            12            269                  405
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  11            124                    38
Loan receivables                                                                      90                    79
Trade receivables                                                      13            745                  702
Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                            14            667                  492
Tax recoverable                                                                       30                    39
Pledged bank deposits                                                                624                  315
Bank deposits with original maturity over three months                               215                  329
Cash and cash equivalents                                                          2,382                2,241

                                                                                   5,497                4,990




                                                                                                          37
                                                                              NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 30 JUNE 2024




                                                          30 June    31 December
                                                             2024          2023
                                                                         (Audited
                                                       (Unaudited)   and restated)
                                               NOTES   RMB million    RMB million

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                        15          1,390          1,518
Contract liabilities                                          379            491
Lease liabilities                                              97              76
Provisions                                                    110            127
Derivative financial instruments                11             37            107
Bank borrowings                                 16          1,318          1,033
Convertible and exchangeable bonds              17            274            256
Convertible note                                18            375            357
Tax payable                                                    72              80

                                                            4,052          4,045

Net current assets                                          1,445            945

Total assets less current liabilities                       6,509          6,337

Non-current liabilities
Other payables                                  15             35             37
Lease liabilities                                             110             45
Bank borrowings                                 16               –              1
Deferred tax liabilities                                       84              80

                                                              229            163

Net assets                                                  6,280          6,174

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                   19             39             39
Share premium and reserves                                  6,075          5,856

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                6,114          5,895
Non-controlling interests                                     166            279

                                                            6,280          6,174




38
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




                                                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          instruments
                                                                                                                                                                                          Employee                       at fair value
                                                                                 Capital                                                                  Property       Treasury       share-based                    through other                                          Non-
                                                       Share          Share redemption           Other       Capital     Statutory        Dividend     revaluation          share      compensation      Translation comprehensive          Retained                    controlling        Total
                                                      capital      premium       reserve       reserve       reserve      reserves         reserve         reserve        reserve            reserve         reserve income reserve           profits     Sub-total       interests      equity
                                                    RMB mil ion    RMB mil ion RMB mil ion   RMB mil ion   RMB mil ion   RMB mil ion     RMB mil ion     RMB mil ion    RMB mil ion        RMB mil ion     RMB mil ion      RMB mil ion    RMB mil ion    RMB mil ion    RMB mil ion   RMB mil ion
                                                                                  (Note a)      (Note b)      (Note c)      (Note d)                                       (Note e)

At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                 40        1,918             8          (156)           10          678             193               22              (9)               53            (92)                (7)       4,241          6,899            (300)       6,599

Profit (loss) for the period                                 –            –              –            –             –             –               –               –              –                  –              –                  –          500            500             (47)         453
Other comprehensive income (expense)
  for the period                                             –            –              –            –             –             –               –               –              –                  –            58                  (1)            –             57              3            60

Total comprehensive income (expense)
  for the period                                             –            –              –            –             –             –               –               –              –                  –            58                  (1)         500            557             (44)         513

Repurchase and cancel ation of shares                        (1)       (134)            1             –             –             –               –               –              –                  –              –                  –             (1)         (135)             –          (135)
Contribution from non-control ing interests of a
   subsidiary                                                –            –              –            –             –             –               –               –              –                  –              –                  –             –              –              1             1
Recognition of equity-set led share-based
   payments, net of share options forfeited                  –            –              –            –             –             –               –               –              –                  2              –                  –             –              2              –             2
Final dividend for 2022 declared                             –            –              –            –             –             –            (193)              –              –                  –              –                  –             2           (191)             –          (191)
Interim dividend for 2023 proposed                           –            –              –            –             –             –             196               –              –                  –              –                  –          (196)             –              –             –
Special interim dividend for 2023 proposed                   –            –              –            –             –             –             490               –              –                  –              –                  –          (490)             –              –             –

At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                 39        1,784             9          (156)           10          678             686               22              (9)               55            (34)                (8)       4,056          7,132            (343)       6,789

At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                39         1,599             9           73            10           833             193               22             (3)                51           (51)               (28)        3,148          5,895            279         6,174

Profit (loss) for the period                                 –            –              –            –             –             –               –               –              –                  –              –                  –          400            400             (95)         305
Other comprehensive (expense) income for
  the period                                                 –            –              –            –             –             –               –               –              –                  –              –               (12)             –            (12)             1           (11)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for
  the period                                                 –            –              –            –             –             –               –               –              –                  –              –               (12)          400            388             (94)         294

Acquisition of additional/disposal of partial
   equity interest of subsidiaries without losing
   control                                                   –            –              –           (9)            –             3               –               –              –                  –              –                  –           22             16             (21)           (5)
Recognition of equity-set led share-based
   payments                                                  –            –              –            –             –             –              –                –              –                  8              –                  –             –             8               –            8
Disposal of a subsidiary                                     –            –              –            –             –             –              –                –              –                  –              –                  –             –             –               2            2
Final dividend for 2023 declared                             –            –              –            –             –             –           (193)               –              –                  –              –                  –             –          (193)              –         (193)
Interim dividend for 2024 proposed                           –         (194)             –            –             –             –            194                –              –                  –              –                  –             –             –               –            –

At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                39         1,405             9           64            10           836             194               22             (3)                59           (51)               (40)        3,570          6,114            166         6,280




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       39
                                                                                                                                                                                                               NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




Notes:


a.       The amount represented the nominal value of the shares repurchased by the Company.


b.       Other reserve represented the difference between the consideration and the carrying amount of net assets value resulting from disposal of
         equity interests in subsidiaries that do not result in loss of control, acquisition of additional equity interests in subsidiaries and contribution
         from non-controlling interests, which are accounted for as equity transactions.


c.       Capital reserve arose on combining the results and financial positions of 福建網龍計算機網絡信息技術有限公司 (Fujian NetDragon
         Websoft Co., Ltd.) using the principles of merger accounting.


d.       As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations for enterprises in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Company’s PRC
         subsidiaries are required to maintain statutory reserves. Appropriation to such reserve is made out of profit after taxation as reflected in the
         statutory financial statements of each of the PRC subsidiaries while the amounts and allocation basis are decided by its board of directors
         annually. The statutory reserves can be used to make up prior year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means
         of capitalisation issue.


e.       Treasury share reserve comprises the consideration paid for the treasury shares held for the share award scheme, including any attributable
         incremental costs for the purchase of shares under the share award scheme.




40
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                               FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                      (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB million        RMB million

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit for the period                                                                        305                 453
Adjustments for:
  Taxation                                                                                   397                 126
  Interest income on bank balances, loan receivables, convertible
     promissory notes and refundable rental deposits                                          (26)               (33)
  Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                       (70)               (15)
  Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  (77)               (35)
  Loss on fair value change in investment properties                                           13                  –
  Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                       (51)                 –
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                            85                 70
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                              107                  95
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                          60                 38
  Reversal of impairment loss of intangible assets                                              –                (43)
  Write-down of inventories                                                                     –                  4
  Interest expense on bank borrowings (included in finance costs)                              26                 23
  Interest expense on convertible and exchangeable bonds
     and convertible note (included in finance costs)                                          48                108
  Others                                                                                        5                 10

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                     822                 801
Increase in trade receivables                                                                 (30)              (172)
Decrease in inventories                                                                      138                 225
Increase in properties under development                                                        –                (51)
(Increase) decrease in other receivables, prepayments and deposits                           (175)                41
Decrease in trade and other payables                                                         (203)              (257)
Decrease in contract liabilities                                                             (112)                 (3)
(Decrease) increase in provisions                                                             (17)                53

Cash generated from operations                                                               423                 637
Interest paid                                                                                 (56)               (35)
Income tax paid                                                                              (108)              (145)

NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                           259                 457




                                                                                                                 41
                                                                                      NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




                                                                               Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                               (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                       NOTES   RMB million       RMB million

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                               10            (66)              (116)
Placement of bank deposits with original maturity over three months                  (100)              (507)
Withdrawal of bank deposits with original maturity over three months                  214                 200
Placement of pledged bank deposits                                                   (310)                (12)
Purchase of intangible assets                                           10           (289)                (83)
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                           341                   –
Interest received                                                                      27                  25
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  (2,097)           (6,061)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                                    2,030             6,062
Other investing activities                                                              3                 (57)

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                (247)              (549)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank borrowings raised                                              16            863                 703
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                         (580)              (512)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                        (53)                (37)
Payment for repurchase and cancellation of shares                                        –              (135)
Dividend paid                                                                         (65)                  –
Contribution from non-controlling interests of a subsidiary                              –                  1
Acquisition of partial interest of subsidiaries                                         (9)                 –

NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                    156                  20

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS                                                                         168                 (72)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING
  OF THE PERIOD                                                                     2,241             3,701
EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                                               (27)                 16

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE PERIOD                                      2,382             3,645




42
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




1. GENERAL INFORMATION

   NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 July 2004 as an
   exempted company with limited liability and its shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
   Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Its immediate and ultimate holding company is DJM Holding Ltd. (“DJM”) and its controlling
   shareholders are Dr. Liu Dejian and Mr. Liu Luyuan (the “Controlling Shareholders”). The address of the registered office
   of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and its
   principal place of business is Units 2001-05 & 11, 20th Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong
   Kong.


   The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
   referred to as the “Group”) are engaged in (i) gaming and application services, (ii) overseas education business (“Mynd.ai
   business”), and (iii) property development business.


   The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional
   currency of the Company.


2. BASIS OF PREPARATION

   The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
   Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”)
   as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
   Exchange.


3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

   The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
   financial instruments and investment properties, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.


   Other than additional/change in accounting policies resulting from application of new and amendments to Hong Kong
   Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed
   consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those presented in the Group’s
   annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                                       43
                                                                                        NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)

     Application of amendments to HKFRSs


     In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, for the first
     time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual periods beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of
     the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


     Amendments to HKFRS 16                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
     Amendments to HKAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                       and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
     Amendments to HKAS 1                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
     Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7               Supplier Finance Arrangements


     Except as described below, the application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current interim period has had no material
     impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set
     out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.


     Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 “Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
     amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)” (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments to HKAS 1 “Non-current
     Liabilities with Covenants” (the “2022 Amendments”)


     Accounting policies


     Convertible instruments (with conversion options not meeting “fixed for fixed criterion”)


     When determining the classification of convertible instruments including the host liability and the related derivative
     components as current or non-current, the Group considers both the redemption through cash settlement and the transfer of
     the Group’s own equity instruments as a result of exercise of conversion options by holders as settlement of the convertible
     instruments.




44
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)

   Application of amendments to HKFRSs (Cont’d)


   Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 “Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
   amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)” (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments to HKAS 1 “Non-current
   Liabilities with Covenants” (the “2022 Amendments”) (Cont’d)


   Transition and summary of impact


   The Group has applied the new accounting policy and the amendments retrospectively. The application of the amendments
   in the current period has the following impacts on convertible instruments with conversion options not meeting “fixed for
   fixed criterion”.


   The Group’s outstanding convertible instruments, comprising convertible and exchangeable bonds (Note 17) and
   convertible note (Note 18), include counterparty conversion options that do not meet equity instruments classification
   by applying HKAS 32 “Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation”. The host debt component is measured at
   amortised cost and derivative component (including the conversion options) is measured at fair value. Upon the application
   of the 2020 Amendments, given that the conversion options are exercisable anytime, the host liability and the derivative
   component as at 1 January and 31 December 2023 are reclassified as current liabilities as the holders have the option to
   convert within twelve months after the reporting period.


   Except as described above, the application of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments has no other material
   impact on the classification of the Group’s other liabilities. The change in accounting policy does not have impact to the
   Group’s profit or loss or earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The details of the impacts on each
   financial statement line item on the condensed consolidated statement of financial position arising from the application
   of the amendments are set out under “Impacts of application of amendments to HKFRSs on the condensed consolidated
   financial statements” in this Note. Comparative figures have been restated.




                                                                                                                       45
                                                                                      NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)

     Application of amendments to HKFRSs (Cont’d)


     Impacts of application of amendments to HKFRSs on the condensed consolidated financial statements


     The effects of the changes in accounting policy as a result of application of amendments to the 2020 Amendments and the
     2022 Amendments on the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at the end of the reporting period 30
     June 2024, immediately preceding year 31 December 2023 and beginning of the comparative period 1 January 2023,
     are as follows:


                                                                             30 June 2024
                                                                                                  Without the application
                                                                                                 of the 2020 Amendments
                                                                                                            and the 2022
                                                        As reported              Adjustments                Amendments
                                                        RMB million               RMB million                 RMB million

     Current liabilities
       Convertible note                                         375                      (375)                           –


     Non-current liabilities
       Convertible note                                            –                      375                         375

                                                                375                          –                        375




46
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




3. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)

   Application of amendments to HKFRSs (Cont’d)


   Impacts of application of amendments to HKFRSs on the condensed consolidated financial statements (Cont’d)


                                                                         31 December 2023
                                                                                                   Without the application
                                                                                                  of the 2020 Amendments
                                                                                                            and the 2022
                                                          As reported              Adjustments               Amendments
                                                         RMB million               RMB million                  RMB million

   Current liabilities
     Convertible and exchangeable bonds                         256                       (253)                          3
     Convertible note                                           357                       (356)                          1


   Non-current liabilities
     Convertible and exchangeable bonds                             –                     253                         253
     Convertible note                                               –                     356                         356

                                                                613                          –                        613



                                                                           1 January 2023
                                                                                                   Without the application
                                                                                                  of the 2020 Amendments
                                                                                                            and the 2022
                                                          As reported              Adjustments               Amendments
                                                         RMB million               RMB million                  RMB million

   Current liabilities
     Convertible and exchangeable bonds                       1,333                    (1,317)                          16


   Non-current liabilities
     Convertible and exchangeable bonds                             –                   1,317                       1,317

                                                              1,333                          –                      1,333




                                                                                                                       47
                                                                                    NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers


     Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers with the amounts disclosed in the segment
     information.


     Revenue of the property development segment was insignificant for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and the six months
     ended 30 June 2023.


     Types of goods and services


                                                                 Six months ended 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)
                                                                Gaming and
                                                                  application
                                                                      services              Mynd.ai                    Total
                                                                 RMB million            RMB million           RMB million

     Revenue from sales of pre-paid game cards
       for online and mobile games                                      1,862                        –                1,862
     Sales of education equipment and related
       goods                                                               129                   992                  1,121
     Revenue from educational services                                       88                  188                    276
     Revenue from provision of mobile solution,
       products and marketing services                                       42                      –                    42

                                                                        2,121                  1,180                  3,301




48
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Cont’d)


   Types of goods and services (Cont’d)


                                                          Six months ended 30 June 2023 (Unaudited and restated)
                                                              Gaming and
                                                               application
                                                                  services            Mynd.ai                 Total
                                                               RMB million         RMB million          RMB million

   Revenue from sales of pre-paid game cards
     for online and mobile games                                      1,920                  –               1,920
   Sales of education equipment and related
     goods                                                             105             1,508                 1,613
   Revenue from educational services                                    73                 34                  107
   Revenue from provision of mobile solution,
     products and marketing services                                    41                   –                     41

                                                                      2,139            1,542                 3,681




                                                                                                               49
                                                                                NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Cont’d)


     Timing of revenue recognition


                                                             Six months ended 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)
                                                             Gaming and
                                                               application
                                                                  services            Mynd.ai                  Total
                                                              RMB million         RMB million          RMB million

     A point in time                                                    1,991              992                2,983
     Over time                                                           130               188                  318

                                                                        2,121            1,180                3,301



                                                            Six months ended 30 June 2023 (Unaudited and restated)
                                                                Gaming and
                                                                 application
                                                                    services            Mynd.ai                 Total
                                                                 RMB million         RMB million          RMB million

     A point in time                                                    2,025            1,508                 3,533
     Over time                                                           114                 34                  148

                                                                        2,139            1,542                 3,681




50
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Cont’d)


   Geographical information


                                                                    Six months ended 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)
                                                                   Gaming and
                                                                     application
                                                                         services                Mynd.ai                      Total
                                                                    RMB million             RMB million              RMB million

   Mainland China                                                           1,828                          –                 1,828
   United States of America (“USA”)                                            216                     709                      925
   Europe (Note)                                                                   –                   262                      262
   Singapore                                                                       –                   136                      136
   Others                                                                       77                       73                     150

                                                                            2,121                   1,180                    3,301



                                                                   Six months ended 30 June 2023 (Unaudited and restated)
                                                                      Gaming and
                                                                        application
                                                                            services               Mynd.ai                      Total
                                                                       RMB million              RMB million             RMB million

   Mainland China                                                            1,790                         –                  1,790
   USA                                                                         293                   1,170                    1,463
   Europe (Note)                                                                   –                    330                     330
   Others                                                                        56                      42                       98

                                                                             2,139                   1,542                    3,681



   Note: Europe mainly includes Germany, United Kingdom, France, Italy and others. Each of which individually contributed less than 10%
         of total revenue.




                                                                                                                                 51
                                                                                             NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

     Segment information


     Information reported to the Group’s chief operating decision makers (“CODM”), being the directors of the Company, for
     the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance, was based on the geographical locations of
     the customers in previous reporting structure.


     Prior period segment disclosures are restated to conform with the current period presentation.


     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:


     Six months ended 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)


                                                      Gaming and
                                                        application                               Property
                                                            services           Mynd.ai       development            Total
                                                       RMB million        RMB million          RMB million    RMB million

     Segment revenue                                           2,121              1,180                  –         3,301

     Segment profit (loss)                                       758                  (71)              (4)          683

     Unallocated other income and gains                                                                               54
     Unallocated corporate expenses and losses                                                                       (35)

     Profit before taxation                                                                                          702




52
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

   Segment information (Cont’d)


   Six months ended 30 June 2023 (Unaudited and restated)


                                                      Gaming and
                                                       application                                Property
                                                           services            Mynd.ai        development             Total
                                                       RMB million          RMB million       RMB million      RMB million

   Segment revenue                                          2,139               1,542                   –           3,681

   Segment profit (loss)                                      682                  (68)               (18)             596

   Unallocated other income and gains                                                                                   45
   Unallocated corporate expenses and losses                                                                           (62)

   Profit before taxation                                                                                              579



   The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies.


   Segment profit (loss) represents the profit earned by or loss incurred from each segment without allocation of unallocated
   income, gains, expenses and losses. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and
   performance assessment.


   All of the segment revenue reported above are from external customers.




                                                                                                                       53
                                                                                          NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

     Segment information (Cont’d)


     The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets by reportable and operating segments:


                                                                                                30 June         31 December
                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                         (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                        RMB million               RMB million


     Gaming and application services                                                             6,099                 5,555
     Mynd.ai                                                                                     2,484                 3,052
     Property development                                                                          738                       725

     Total segment assets                                                                        9,321                 9,332
     Unallocated                                                                                 1,240                 1,050

                                                                                                10,561                10,382



     For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources, all assets are allocated to operating
     segments other than those assets managed on group basis, such as certain equity instruments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”), certain financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), certain loan
     receivables, certain other receivables, prepayments and deposits and certain cash and cash equivalents. No analysis of
     the Group’s liabilities by operating segments is disclosed as they are not regularly provided to the CODM for review.




54
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




5. OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) AND GAINS (LOSSES)

   (a)   Other income and gains


                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                        2024                      2023
                                                                                               (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)
                                                                                               RMB million                  RMB million

         Government grants (Note)                                                                           16                        13
         Interest income on bank balances, loan receivables, convertible
           promissory notes and refundable rental deposits                                                  26                        33
         Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                              51                          –
         Reversal of impairment loss of intangible assets                                                     –                       43
         Others                                                                                             46                        31

                                                                                                          139                       120



         Note: Government grants were received from the government of the PRC mainly for subsidising (i) the costs incurred by the Group
               in conducting and launching research and development projects in Fujian Province, the PRC, relating to compensation for
               research and development costs already incurred, which amounted to RMB12 million (six months ended 30 June 2023:
               RMB9 million) for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and is recognised in profit or loss and (ii) the purchase of property,
               plant and equipment, which is recognised as deferred income upon receipt and is recognised in profit or loss on a systematic
               basis over the estimated useful life of the property, plant and equipment related to the government grants on capital
               expenditure with an amount of RMB4 million (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB4 million).


   (b)   Other expenses and losses


                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                        2024                      2023
                                                                                               (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)
                                                                                               RMB million                  RMB million

         Redundancy payments                                                                                16                        24
         Fair value change in investment properties                                                         13                          –
         Other tax and charges                                                                              20                        18
         Others                                                                                             56                        12

                                                                                                          105                         54




                                                                                                                                    55
                                                                                               NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




6. TAXATION

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                            (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                            RMB million               RMB million

     The tax charge comprises:
     Hong Kong Profits Tax
       – Current period                                                                                 31                     36

     PRC Enterprise Income Tax
       – Current period                                                                                 85                   119
       – Over provision in prior years                                                                   (8)                    (3)

                                                                                                        77                   116

     Taxation in other jurisdictions
       – Current period                                                                                   2                     1

     Deferred tax
       – Current period                                                                               287                     (27)

                                                                                                      397                    126



     The Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules is effective. However, as the Group’s estimated
     effective tax rates of all the jurisdictions in which the Group operates are higher than 15 per cent, after taking into account
     the adjustments under the Global Anti-base Erosion Rules based on management’s best estimate, the management of the
     Group considered the impact is not material.


     During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group has reversed an amount of RMB294 million deferred tax assets due
     to the decline in sales and reduced customer demand in the first six months of 2024 resulting in the uncertainty regarding
     the realisability of such deferred tax assets in a subsidiary of the Group incorporated in the United States.




56
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




7. PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                                  RMB million        RMB million

   Profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting):

   Staff costs:
     Directors’ emoluments                                                                 15                 54
     Other staff costs
        Salaries and other benefits                                                    1,055              1,009
        Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                       97                 83
        Share-based payments expense                                                        8                  –
        Redundancy payments                                                                16                 24

                                                                                       1,191              1,170

   Amortisation of intangible assets                                                       85                 70
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                         107                  95
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     60                 38

   Total depreciation and amortisation                                                   252                 203

   Cost of goods sold for education equipment and related goods                          805              1,170
   Advertising and promotion expenses
     (included in selling and marketing expenses)                                        160                 183
   Write-down of inventories                                                                –                  4
   Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                  (51)                 –
   Reversal of impairment loss of intangible assets                                         –                (43)




                                                                                                             57
                                                                                  NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




8. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                        RMB million              RMB million

     Dividends recognised as distribution during the period:
     2023 final dividend – Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”) 0.40
       (2023:2022 final dividend – HKD0.40) per share                                            193                     191



     Subsequent to the end of the current interim period, the directors of the Company have determined that an interim dividend
     of HKD0.4 per share, amounting to HKD213 million (equivalent to RMB194 million), will be paid to the shareholders of
     the Company whose names appear in the register of members on 13 September 2024.


9. EARNINGS PER SHARE

     The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
     following data:


                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                        RMB million              RMB million

     Earnings for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share:
       – Profit for the period attributable to the owners of the Company                         400                     500




58
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




9. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Cont’d)

                                                                                            Number of shares
                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                               ’000                    ’000

   Weighted average number of shares in issue during the period for the
     purpose of basic earnings per share (after adjusted for the effect
     of treasury shares held under share award scheme)                                     531,074                539,186

   Effect of dilutive potential shares from the Company’s share option scheme                       –                    27

   Weighted average number of shares for the purpose of calculating diluted
     earnings per share (after adjusted for the effect of treasury shares held
     under share award scheme)                                                             531,074                539,213


   The computation of diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024 did not assume the exercise of the
   Company’s share options as the exercise price of these options was higher than the average market price for shares for the
   six months ended 30 June 2024. Diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024 also did not assume
   the exercise of the restricted stock units (“RSUs”) granted by Mynd.ai Inc. (“Mynd.ai, formerly known as Gravitas Education
   Holdings, Inc.), a subsidiary of the Company, under the Mynd.ai Equity Incentive Plan (the “Mynd Incentive Plan”) as
   disclosed in Note 20(iv), since the exercise of the RSUs would result in an increase in earnings per share for the period.




                                                                                                                        59
                                                                                        NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE
    ASSETS

     During the current interim period, the Group paid approximately RMB66 million (six months ended 30 June 2023:
     RMB116 million) for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment to expand its operations which mainly included
     RMB20 million (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB24 million) in plant and equipment and RMB40 million (six months
     ended 30 June 2023: RMB82 million) in construction in progress.

     During the current interim period, the Group entered into several new lease agreements ranging from 2 to 3 years. The
     Group is required to make fixed monthly payments during the contract period. On lease commencement, the Group
     recognised right-of-use assets of RMB142 million (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB15 million) and lease liabilities of
     RMB141 million (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB13 million).

     During the current interim period, the Group paid approximately RMB289 million (six months ended 30 June 2023:
     RMB83 million) for the acquisition of intangible assets, of which an amount of approximately United States dollar (“USD”)
     33 million (equivalent to RMB234 million) (six months ended 30 June 2023: USD3 million (equivalent to RMB20 million))
     was for acquisition of a cryptocurrency. In addition, the Group disposed of certain cryptocurrencies with an aggregate
     carrying amount of USD41 million (equivalent to RMB290 million) (six months ended 30 June 2023: nil), resulting in a gain
     on disposal of RMB51 million (six months ended 30 June 2023: nil) during the current interim period.




60
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




11. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/DERIVATIVE
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                          30 June              31 December
                                                                                                              2024                      2023
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)                     (Audited)
                                                                                                     RMB million                 RMB million

   Financial assets at FVTPL
         – Unlisted funds (Note a)                                                                              254                       248
         – Unlisted equity investments (Note b)                                                                 255                       205
         – Listed securities                                                                                    124                        38

                                                                                                                633                       491

   Analysed for financial reporting purpose:
         Non-current                                                                                            509                       453
         Current                                                                                                124                        38

                                                                                                                633                       491

   Derivative financial instruments (under current liabilities)
         – Unlisted warrants (Note c)                                                                                 1                      6
         – Convertible and exchangeable option (Note 17)                                                              –                      –
         – Embedded derivatives in convertible note (defined in Note 18)                                             36                   101

                                                                                                                     37                   107

   Notes:


   (a)       The unlisted funds represent a portfolio of investments managed by fund managers, most of the portfolio assets are invested in the
             listed securities in Hong Kong and Mainland China. These investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term
             purposes. The Group is not expected to realise the funds within twelve months from the end of the reporting period. Therefore, the
             unlisted funds are classified as non-current assets.


   (b)       The unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s investments in equity interests in certain private entities, which principally
             engaged in investments in cryptocurrencies, tokens, blockchain-based assets and other digital assets.


   (c)       The unlisted warrants are simultaneously issued with the convertible and exchangeable bonds as detailed in Note 17.




                                                                                                                                          61
                                                                                                     NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




12. INVENTORIES

                                                                                            30 June           31 December
                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                       (Unaudited)                  (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB million              RMB million

     Raw materials                                                                                  –                      5
     Finished goods                                                                              269                    400

                                                                                                 269                    405



13. TRADE RECEIVABLES

     The Group generally allows a credit period ranging from 30 days to 60 days to its distribution and payment channels/
     trade customers.


     The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented based on the date of
     delivery of goods/date of rendering of services which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                            30 June           31 December
                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                       (Unaudited)                  (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB million              RMB million

     0 – 30 days                                                                                 396                    375
     31 – 60 days                                                                                194                    135
     61 – 90 days                                                                                 32                     87
     Over 90 days                                                                                123                    105

                                                                                                 745                    702




62
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




14. OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS

                                                                                               30 June            31 December
                                                                                                  2024                    2023
                                                                                          (Unaudited)                  (Audited)
                                                                                          RMB million               RMB million

   Prepayments to third parties (Note a)                                                            195                    127
   Refundable rental and guarantee deposits (Note b)                                                  92                     90
   Other receivables from agents for acquisition of cryptocurrencies                                183                      75
   Contract assets (Note c)                                                                           32                     27
   Other receivables and deposits                                                                   108                    105
   Other tax recoverable                                                                              81                     79
   Government grant receivables                                                                       63                     63
   Prepayments for investments (Note d)                                                             247                    246
   Others                                                                                             18                     31

                                                                                                  1,019                    843

   Analysed for financial reporting purpose:
         Non-current                                                                                352                    351
         Current                                                                                    667                    492

                                                                                                  1,019                    843



   Notes:


   (a)      The amounts mainly represent the prepaid for the operating activities of the Group, such as the purchase of goods
            and services, marketing and design fees and movie productions etc..


   (b)      Included in refundable rental and guarantee deposits as at 30 June 2024 are balances of (i) RMB31 million (31 December
            2023: RMB32 million) which represents deposits and prepayment for lease contracts paid to a related company, 福州楊振華851
            生物工程技術研究開發有限公司 (Fuzhou Yangzhenhua 851 Bio-Engineering Research Inc.) (“Fuzhou 851”) and (ii) RMB15 million
            (31 December 2023: RMB15 million) which represents deposit for technical support service paid to 褔州天亮網絡技術有限公司
            (Fuzhou Tianliang Network Technology Co., Limited).




                                                                                                                            63
                                                                                          NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




14. OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS (Cont’d)

     Notes: (Cont’d)


     (c)      The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and not billed because the rights are
              conditional on the Group’s future performance in achieving specified milestones at the reporting date on the provision of mobile
              solution, products and marketing services and retention receivables on education equipment and related goods. The contract assets
              are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.


     (d)      Amounts being prepayments are paid for certain investments whose completions are subject to certain terms and conditions as
              specified in relevant investment agreements. Out of the balance, RMB108 million (31 December 2023: RMB108 million) is
              non-refundable while the rest of the balance is refundable if certain conditions are not fulfilled during the pre-determined periods of
              time as set out in the respective investment agreements.


15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                             30 June               31 December
                                                                                                                 2024                       2023
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                       (Audited)
                                                                                                       RMB million                   RMB million

     Trade payables (Note a)                                                                                       462                        499
     Accrued staff costs                                                                                           223                        361
     Government grants (Note b)                                                                                      13                        14
     Other tax payables                                                                                              29                        45
     Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                        173                        194
     Consideration payables                                                                                          17                        19
     Accrued expenses                                                                                                66                        56
     Dividend payable                                                                                              193                         66
     Others (Note c)                                                                                               249                        301

                                                                                                                1,425                      1,555

     Analysed for financial reporting purpose:
           Non-current                                                                                               35                        37
           Current                                                                                              1,390                      1,518

                                                                                                                1,425                      1,555




64
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Cont’d)

   Notes:



   (a)      The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                          30 June               31 December
                                                                                                             2024                         2023
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)                     (Audited)
                                                                                                     RMB million                  RMB million

            0 – 90 days                                                                                        329                         223
            91 – 180 days                                                                                        82                       216
            181 – 365 days                                                                                        8                        31
            Over 365 days                                                                                        43                        29

                                                                                                               462                        499




   (b)      The amount represents government grants which are (i) the costs incurred by the Group in conducting and launching research and

            development projects in Fujian Province, the PRC, relating to compensation for research and development costs already incurred

            and (ii) the costs incurred by the Group for purchasing property, plant and equipment, which will be recognised in profit or loss on

            a systematic basis over the estimated useful life of the property, plant and equipment related to the government grants on capital

            expenditure.


   (c)      Others mainly represent advertising payables, office and server service expenses payables and other miscellaneous items for

            operating activities.



16. BANK BORROWINGS

   During the current interim period, the Group obtained new bank loans amounted to RMB863 million (six months ended
   30 June 2023: RMB703 million). The bank borrowings as at 30 June 2024 carry interest at (i) one-month Hong Kong
   Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 2.20% or 2.35% per annum, (ii) three-month Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield
   (“BSBY”) Rate two business days prior to date of borrowing plus 2.30%, (iii) the United States Prime Rate plus 1.30%, (iv)
   interest rate of 1.00% to 3.75% per annum or (v) one-year Loan Prime Rate of China less 0.65% to 0.75% per annum. The
   secured portion of the Group’s borrowings were secured by pledge of certain properties, right-of-use assets and pledged
   bank deposits of the Group, corporate guarantee provided by the Company and corporate guarantee provided by its
   subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                                          65
                                                                                                    NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




16. BANK BORROWINGS (Cont’d)

     The bank borrowings as at 31 December 2023 carried interest at (i) one-month HIBOR plus 2.20% or 2.35% per annum,
     (ii) three-month BSBY Rate two business days prior to date of borrowing plus 1.85%, (iii) interest rate of 1.00% or 2.90%
     per annum or (iv) one-year Loan Prime Rate of China less 0.30% to 0.75% per annum. The secured portion of the Group’s
     borrowings were secured by pledge of certain properties, right-of-use assets and pledged bank deposits of the Group,
     corporate guarantee provided by the Company and corporate guarantee provided by its subsidiaries.


17. CONVERTIBLE AND EXCHANGEABLE BONDS

     On 9 March 2020, Best Assistant Education Online Limited (the “Best Assistant”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary
     of the Company, issued convertible and exchangeable bonds with an aggregate principal amount of USD150 million
     (equivalent to RMB1,039 million) to Nurture Education (Cayman) Limited (the “Nurture Education”), an independent third
     party. Simultaneously, the Company issued unlisted warrants to the Nurture Education in March 2020.


     The warrants shall entitle the Nurture Education to subscribe for ordinary shares of the Company. The convertible and
     exchangeable bonds are exercisable at the option of bondholders, in whole or in part and can be exchangeable
     for ordinary shares of Mynd.ai at any time and from time to time during the exchange period. The convertible and
     exchangeable bonds bear interest accruing at a rate of 5.00% per annum on the aggregate principal amount of the
     convertible and exchangeable bonds and will be due on the fifth anniversary from the bond issue date. The convertible
     and exchangeable bonds are denominated in USD. At initial recognition, the convertible and exchangeable option was
     classified as derivative financial instrument. The fair value of the convertible and exchangeable option was insignificant and
     the carrying amount is recognised as nil at initial recognition and at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024.


     The effective interest rate of the debt host component is 16.62%. The movement of the debt host component of the
     convertible and exchangeable bonds for the period/year is set out as below:


                                                                                              30 June              31 December
                                                                                                 2024                      2023
                                                                                                                        (Audited
                                                                                         (Unaudited)                and restated)
                                                                                         RMB million                 RMB million

     At 1 January                                                                                  256                    1,333
     Redemption (Note)                                                                                 –                 (1,254)
     Interest accrued                                                                                21                     211
     Settlement of interest                                                                          (4)                     (63)
     Exchange adjustments                                                                             1                       29

                                                                                                   274                      256




66
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




17. CONVERTIBLE AND EXCHANGEABLE BONDS (Cont’d)

   Note: During the year ended 31 December 2023, out of the principal amount of USD150 million for the convertible and exchangeable
         bonds, Best Assistant redeemed a principal amount of USD125 million (equivalent to RMB889 million) at an aggregate
         consideration of USD198 million (equivalent to RMB1,410 million). Aggregate carrying amount of redeemed portion is
         approximately USD176 million (equivalent to RMB1,254 million). As a result, loss of redemption of the convertible and
         exchangeable bonds amounting to USD22 million (equivalent to RMB156 million) had been recognised in profit or loss during the
         year ended 31 December 2023.


         As set out in Note 18, Nurture Education subscribed for a senior secured convertible note issued by Mynd.ai with an aggregate
         principal amount of USD65 million (equivalent to RMB461 million) on 13 December 2023. As agreed, principal amount of the
         senior secured convertible note has been deducted from the redemption amount of the convertible and exchangeable bonds issued
         by Best Assistant as set out above.


18. CONVERTIBLE NOTE

   On 18 April 2023, the Group entered into a merger agreement with Mynd.ai, pursuant to which Mynd.ai would acquire
   100% equity interest of the education business of the Group outside of the PRC, by the issues of 426,422,218 shares of
   new ordinary shares of Mynd.ai as consideration of the transactions (the “Merger”).


   Immediate after the completion of the Merger on 13 December 2023, Mynd.ai issued a senior secured convertible note
   (the “Convertible Note”) in a principal amount of USD65 million (equivalent to RMB461 million) to Nurture Education. The
   Convertible Note bears (i) cash interest at the rate of 5.00% per annum and (ii) paid-in-kind (“PIK”) interest at the rate of
   5.00% per annum by way of issuing additional number of the Convertible Note equivalent to the PIK interest in the relevant
   year should the pre-determined conditions are fulfilled in the relevant year(s).


   All of the cash interest and PIK interest (if any) is payable semi-annually in June and December of each year. Mynd.ai
   prepaid the cash interest due for the year ending 31 December 2024 at the time of issuance of the Convertible Note. PIK
   interest is payable by issuing additional notes.


   The Convertible Note is denominated in USD.




                                                                                                                                67
                                                                                            NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




18. CONVERTIBLE NOTE (Cont’d)

     Convertible option


     The Convertible Note is a senior secured obligation of Mynd.ai and will mature on 13 December 2028, unless earlier
     redeemed, repurchased or converted. The initial conversion rate per USD1 principal amount of the Convertible Note is
     equal to USD1 divided by 115% of the consideration per ordinary share of the Merger as defined under the Convertible
     Note agreement, or USD2.0226 (the “Initial Conversion Price”). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment under certain
     circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Note. The Convertible Note is convertible at the option of
     the holder at any time until the outstanding principal amount (including any accrued and unpaid interest) has been paid in
     full. Subject to the terms of the Convertible Note, the holder may elect to receive the American Depositary Shares (“ADS”) in
     lieu of the Mynd.ai’s ordinary shares, par value USD0.001 per share upon conversion of the Convertible Note.


     Embedded derivative features of the Convertible Note


     Certain features of the Convertible Note including the conversion option, redemption right at the Mynd.ai’s election, and
     acceleration of amounts due under the Convertible Note upon an event of default require bifurcation and accounted for
     separately as embedded derivatives.


     At initial recognition, the embedded derivative of the Convertible Note was classified as derivative financial instrument (Note
     11). The fair value of the derivative financial instrument was RMB101 million and RMB36 million at 31 December 2023
     and 30 June 2024, respectively.


     The effective interest rate of the debt host component is 15.80%. The movements of the debt host component of the
     Convertible Note for the period/year is set out as below:


                                                                                               30 June              31 December
                                                                                                  2024                      2023
                                                                                                                         (Audited
                                                                                          (Unaudited)                and restated)
                                                                                         RMB million                  RMB million

     At 1 January/issue of Convertible Note                                                         357                      357
     Interest accrued                                                                                27                         1
     Settlement of interest                                                                          (12)                        –
     Exchange adjustments                                                                              3                        (1)

                                                                                                    375                      357




68
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




19. SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY

                                                                Number of shares                     Nominal value
                                                                                                        USD              RMB million

   Authorised:
   Ordinary shares of USD0.01 each
   At 1 January 2023, 30 June 2023,
         31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024                         1,000,000,000             10,000,000                          76

   Issued and fully paid:
   Ordinary shares of USD0.01 each
   At 1 January 2023                                                   540,743,633              5,407,436                         40
   Shares issued upon exercise of share
         options (Note a)                                                      45,400                   454                       –#
   Repurchase and cancellation of shares (Note b)                         (9,844,500)               (98,445)                       (1)

   At 30 June 2023                                                   530,944,533               5,309,445                         39
   Shares issued upon exercise of share options                             318,000                  3,180                        –#

   At 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024                              531,262,533               5,312,625                         39



   #
            less than RMB1 million


   Notes:


   (a)      During the six months ended 30 June 2023, 45,400 (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil) share options were exercised and as a
            result the same number of ordinary shares of the Company were issued.


   (b)      During the six months ended 30 June 2023, the Company repurchased its own shares through purchases on the Stock Exchange.
            The shares had been subsequently cancelled.



   During the six months ended 30 June 2023, the Company repurchased 9,844,500 shares (six months ended 30 June
   2024: nil) of its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange with an aggregate consideration of RMB135 million (six
   months ended 30 June 2024: nil) paid. 9,844,500 (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil) shares were cancelled upon
   repurchase. At 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Company had no outstanding treasury shares.




                                                                                                                                 69
                                                                                              NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS

     (i)   Equity-settled share option scheme


           The Company adopted share option schemes on 12 June 2008 (the “2008 Share Option Scheme”), 24 May 2018
           (the “2018 Share Option Scheme”) and 6 June 2024 (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”). The 2008 Share Option
           Scheme and the 2018 Share Option Scheme were terminated on 24 May 2018 and 6 June 2024 respectively.
           Subject to early termination, the 2024 Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years
           from 6 June 2024. As at 30 June 2024, the outstanding share options under the 2008 Share Option Scheme and
           2018 Share Option Scheme were 300,000 and 5,300,000 respectively. The outstanding share options granted
           under the 2018 Share Option Scheme and the 2008 Share Option Scheme shall remain valid and exercisable
           according to the terms of the schemes. As at 30 June 2024, no share option were granted under the 2024 Share
           Option Scheme. The purpose of the 2024 Share Option Scheme is to provide the eligible participant (“Eligible
           Participant”) as defined in 2024 Share Option Scheme with the opportunity to acquire interests in the Company and
           to encourage the Eligible Participant to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its shares for the
           benefit of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


           The table below discloses movements of the Company’s share options:


                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                           share options

           Outstanding as at 1 January 2023                                                                    6,523,000
           Exercised during the year                                                                             (363,400)
           Forfeited during the year                                                                             (559,600)

           Outstanding as at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024                                                5,600,000



           The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the dates on which the share
           options were exercised was HKD16.16 for the year ended 31 December 2023 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
           nil). The Group recognised the total expenses of less than RMB1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six
           months ended 30 June 2023: RMB2 million) in relation to share options granted by the Company.




70
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)

   (ii)   Share award scheme by the Company


          The Company has adopted a share award scheme (the “2024 Share Award Scheme”) on 6 June 2024 to replace
          the share award scheme adopted on 2 September 2008, whereby eligible participants are conferred rights by the
          Company to be issued or transferred fully-paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (hereinafter referred to
          as the “Award”).


          No expenses were recognised by the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2024 in relation to the
          Award.


          Movements in the awarded shares granted during the year ended 31 December 2023 and the six months ended 30
          June 2024 were as follows:


                                                                                                                 Outstanding at
                                                Outstanding at       Granted          Awards         Forfeited    31 December
          Name of category                          1 January          during          vested          during       2023 and
          of participant     Date of grant              2023            year       during year           year    30 June 2024

          Director           27 July 2023                   –       240,000         (240,000)               –                –
          Director           27 October 2023                –       120,000         (120,000)               –                –

                                                            –       360,000         (360,000)               –                –



          The closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted to Dr. Leung Lim Kin,
          Simon on 27 July 2023 and 27 October 2023 was HKD15.08 and HKD13.74, respectively.


          The fair value of the awarded shares granted on 27 July 2023 and 27 October 2023 was HKD3,696,000 and
          HKD1,668,000, respectively.


          No awarded share is granted or vested under the 2024 Share Award Scheme during the six months ended 30 June
          2024.




                                                                                                                          71
                                                                                         NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)

     (iii)   Share awarded by a subsidiary of the Company


             On 7 August 2012, Best Assistant, a subsidiary of the Company, adopted a share award scheme (the “Best Assistant
             Share Award Scheme“) as amended on 13 February 2015 and 5 August 2022 in which selected participants
             include senior management employees of the said subsidiary and/or its subsidiaries, consultants and any eligible
             persons.


             The Group recognised the total expenses of less than RMB1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 (six
             months ended 30 June 2024: nil) in relation to this share award.


             Movements in the awarded shares granted by Best Assistant during the year ended 31 December 2023 and the six
             months ended 30 June 2024 were as follows:


                                                                                                                 Outstanding at
                                                   Outstanding at       Granted           Awards     Forfeited   31 December
             Name of category                          1 January          during           vested      during       2023 and
             of participant     Date of grant              2023            year        during year       year    30 June 2024

             Other employees    1 July 2019              80,000                 –        (80,000)           –                –
             Director           12 December 2023               –    123,409,543     (123,409,543)           –                –
             Other employees    12 December 2023               –     40,056,514      (40,056,514)           –                –

                                                         80,000     163,466,057     (163,546,057)           –                –



             The Best Assistant Share Award Scheme was terminated on 3 May 2024. No awarded share is granted or vested
             under the Best Assistant Share Award Scheme during the six months ended 30 June 2024.




72
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)

   (iv)   Equity incentive plan of a subsidiary of the Company


          In January 2024, the Mynd.ai’s Board of Directors approved the Mynd Incentive Plan. Under the Mynd Incentive
          Plan, awards may be granted to officers, employees and consultants of Mynd.ai or any of its affiliates in the form of
          stock options, restricted shares, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance stock, performance stock units and other
          awards. The maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares that was initially authorised for issuance under the Mynd
          Incentive Plan is 54,777,338, together with a corresponding number of ADS.


          On 10 April 2024, the Mynd.ai’s Board of Directors awarded RSUs under the Mynd Incentive Plan, representing an
          aggregate of 3,501,350 ADSs, to certain directors, executive officers and employees that vest over specified time
          periods, subject to the recipient’s continued service. As at 30 June 2024, Mynd.ai had outstanding share-based
          awards representing 3,461,171 ADSs.


          During the six months ended 30 June 2024, Mynd.ai recorded share-based compensation expenses of RMB8 million
          (equivalent to USD1 million) in general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of
          profit or loss and other comprehensive income. As at 30 June 2024, total unrecognised compensation expense
          related to unvested awards was RMB89 million, which is expected to be recognised over a weighted-average
          period of 2.67 years.


21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis


   Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.
   The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and
   inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1
   to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.


    •        Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
             assets or liabilities.


    •        Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that
             are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).


    •        Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or
             liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).


                                                                                                                                        73
                                                                                                NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
     (Cont’d)


                                             Fair value as at
                                                                                                                Significant                Relationship of
     Financial assets/                     30 June     31 December     Fair value Valuation technique(s)        unobservable               unobservable inputs
     financial liabilities                   2024             2023     hierarchy and key input(s)               input(s)                   to fair value
                                        (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                                        RMB million     RMB million

     Financial assets
     Equity instruments at FVTOCI                2                3    Level 1    Quoted bid prices in an       N/A                        N/A
       – Listed equity securities                                                  active market.

     Equity instruments at FVTOCI               30               42    Level 3    Income approach -–            Discount rate of      The higher the discount
       – Unlisted equity securities                                                  in this approach,            12.49% (31 December   rate, the lower the fair
                                                                                     the discounted cash          2023:14.83%).         value.
                                                                                     flow method was
                                                                                     used to capture
                                                                                     the present value of
                                                                                     the expected future
                                                                                     economic benefits
                                                                                     to be derived from
                                                                                     the ownership of this
                                                                                     investee, based on
                                                                                     an appropriate
                                                                                     discount rate.

     Financial assets at FVTPL                 124               38    Level 1    Quoted bid prices in an       N/A                        N/A
        – Listed securities                                                        active market

     Financial assets at FVTPL                 254              248    Level 2    Price provided by the         N/A                        N/A
        – Unlisted funds                                                             financial institutions
                                                                                     with reference to
                                                                                     underlying investment
                                                                                     portfolios which have
                                                                                     observable quoted
                                                                                     price in active markets.

     Financial assets at FVTPL                 255              205    Level 3    Price provided by the         Discount for lack of      The higher the discount
        – Unlisted equity investments                                                general partner with         marketability used in     for lack of
                                                                                     reference to                 valuation.                marketability used in
                                                                                     underlying investment                                  valuation, the lower
                                                                                     portfolios.                                            the fair value.
74
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
   (Cont’d)


                                   Fair value as at
                                                                                                 Significant             Relationship of
   Financial assets/             30 June     31 December     Fair value Valuation technique(s)   unobservable            unobservable inputs
   financial liabilities           2024             2023     hierarchy and key input(s)          input(s)                to fair value
                              (Unaudited)        (Audited)
                              RMB million     RMB million

   Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial                 –               –    Level 3    Binomial valuation       Volatility 51.68%       The higher the expected
     instruments                                                          model using key          (31 December            volatility, the higher
     – Convertible and                                                    input: expected          2023: 59.56%) is        the fair value.
        exchangeable option                                               volatility.              estimated based on
                                                                                                   the historical
                                                                                                   volatilities of the
                                                                                                   comparable
                                                                                                   companies.

   Derivative financial                1                6    Level 3    Binomial valuation       Volatility 39.17%       The higher the expected
     instruments                                                          model using key          (31 December            volatility, the higher
     – Unlisted warrants                                                  input: expected          2023: 42.18%) is        the fair value.
                                                                          volatility.              estimated based on
                                                                                                   the historical
                                                                                                   volatilities of the
                                                                                                   comparable
                                                                                                   companies.

   Derivative financial               36              101    Level 3    Binomial valuation       Volatility 62.0%        The higher the expected
     instruments                                                          model using key          (31 December            volatility, the higher
     – Convertible note                                                   input: expected          2023:56.0%) is          the fair value.
                                                                          volatility.              estimated based on
                                                                                                   the historical
                                                                                                   volatilities of the
                                                                                                   comparable
                                                                                                   companies.




                                                                                                                                            75
                                                                                                 NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
     (Cont’d)


     There was no transfer between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during both periods.


     The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities at amortised cost
     recognised in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values at the end of each reporting
     period.


     Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


     Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets:


                                                                                                  Equity              Financial
                                                                                           instruments                    assets
                                                                                              at FVTOCI                at FVTPL
                                                                                              RMB million             RMB million

     At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                                                       50                    236
     Additions                                                                                           –                     51
     Fair value changes                                                                                  –                     23
     Disposal                                                                                            –                    (41)
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                –                     10

     At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                                                       50                    279

     At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                                                       42                    205
     Fair value changes                                                                               (12)                     53
     Others                                                                                              –                     (4)
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                –                      1

     At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                       30                    255



     Fair value gains or losses on financial assets at FVTPL are included in “fair value change on financial assets at fair value
     through profit or loss”.




76
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements (Cont’d)


   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial liabilities:


                                                                                                                   Derivative
                                                                                                                     financial
                                                                                                                 instruments
                                                                                                                    RMB million

   At 1 January 2023 (audited)                                                                                               31
   Fair value changes                                                                                                       (15)

   At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                                                                               16

   At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                                                                             107
   Fair value changes                                                                                                       (70)

   At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                                               37



   Fair value gains or losses on derivative financial instruments are included in “fair value change on derivative financial
   instruments”.


   Fair value measurements and valuation process


   The board of directors of the Group has named the finance department, which is headed up by the Chief Financial Officer
   of the Group, to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair value measurements.


   In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
   Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The
   finance department works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and
   inputs to the model. The Chief Financial Officer reports the finance department’s findings to explain the cause of fluctuations
   in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.


   Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liabilities are
   disclosed above.




                                                                                                                            77
                                                                                         NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     The Group is controlled by the Controlling Shareholders, Dr. Liu Dejian and Mr. Liu Luyuan, who have entered into an
     agreement to collectively govern the financial and operating policies of the Company and various subsidiaries.


     (a)   Related party transactions and balances


           The Group had the following significant related party transactions during the period with certain companies in which
           some directors and shareholders of the Company can exercise significant influence or control:


           Name of related parties                      Relationship

           Fuzhou 851                                   DJM, the immediate holding company of the Company, and Dr. Liu
                                                          Dejian, executive director and beneficial owner of the Company, has
                                                          100% equity interest in this entity.

           福州市言樂文化傳媒有限公司                                Fuzhou Yanle is a joint venture of the Group which the Group holds
             ("Fuzhou Yanle")                             30% of the issued share capital in this entity.

           福建省數據治理與數據流通                                 Fujian Data is an associate of the Group which the Group holds 19%
             工程研究院有限公司 ("Fujian Data")                    of the issued share capital in this entity.

           福建省國騰信息科技有限公司                                Guoteng is a joint venture of the Group which the Group holds 60% of
             (“Guoteng”)                                  the issued share capital in this entity.


                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June

           Nature of transactions                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                           (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                          RMB million              RMB million


           Promotional expense to Fuzhou Yanle                                                          2                    –
           Education management fee to Fujian Data                                                      2                    –
           Service revenue from Guoteng                                                                 –                    (1)
           Technical service fee to Guoteng                                                             1                    –



           As at 30 June 2024, amounts due from joint ventures (included in other receivables, prepayments and deposits) are
           RMB7 million (31 December 2023: RMB7 million). As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the amounts due
           from joint ventures are not trade in nature, unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.



78
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)

   (a)   Related party transactions and balances (Cont’d)


         Saved as disclosed above, the Group had continuing connected transactions during the period, including (i) service
         fee paid to Fuzhou 851 of RMB4 million (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB6 million) and (ii) a lease agreement
         entered with Fuzhou 851 with the lease term till 2024 for the use of office premise located in the PRC. During the
         period, the Group have made repayment of the lease liabilities of RMB11 million (six months ended 30 June 2023:
         RMB3 million). As at 30 June 2024, the corresponding carrying amount of the lease liabilities is RMB103 million
         (31 December 2023: insignificant).


   (b)   Compensation of key management personnel


         The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the period was as follows:


                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                            2024                    2023
                                                                                    (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)
                                                                                    RMB million                RMB million

         Salaries, allowances and other short-term employee benefits                            38                     92
         Share-based payments expense                                                             –                     2

                                                                                                38                     94



         The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the
         performance of individuals and market trends.




                                                                                                                      79
                                                                                     NETDRAGON INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024




23. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

     At the end of reporting period, the Group had the following capital commitments contracted for but not provided in the
     condensed consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                          30 June           31 December
                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                     (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                     RMB million              RMB million

     Capital expenditure in respect of:
       – Capital injection in joint ventures                                                  606                    609
       – Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                         124                    128
       – Properties under development projects                                                374                    383

                                                                                            1,104                  1,120




80
INTERIM REPORT 2024 NETDRAGON
