Management Discussion and Analysis    2
Other Information                    20
Report on Review of Condensed        30
Consolidated Financial Statements




目錄

CONTENTS
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and                         32
Other Comprehensive Income
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                         34
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                          36




Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                 38
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                       40




                                                     網龍網絡控股有限公司
                                                 NETDRAGON WEBSOFT HOLDINGS LIMITED
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(1) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS AND REVIEW

   2025 First Half Financial Highlights


   •    Revenue was RMB2.4 billion, representing a 27.9% decrease YoY.


   •    Revenue from the gaming and application services was RMB1.7 billion, representing 73.0% of the Group’s total
        revenue, and reflecting an 18.1% decrease YoY but the performance has stabilised with a 4.3% decrease HoH.


   •    Revenue from Mynd.ai business was RMB641 million, representing 26.9% of the Group’s total revenue and a 45.7%
        decrease YoY, reflecting the extended demand adjustment caused by economic uncertainty.


   •    Gross profit was RMB1.7 billion, representing a 24.7% decrease YoY, whereas gross profit margin increased 2.9
        percentage points to 69.5% YoY.


   •    Operating expenses decreased by 15.6% YoY to RMB1.4 billion, reflecting the early impact of our cost reduction
        and efficiency improvement measures, which are expected to be fully realised in the second half of 2025.


   •    Profit attributable to owners of the Company was RMB30 million, representing a 92.5% decrease YoY affected by an
        impairment loss of intangible assets as of 30 June 2025 which is expected to fully reverse in the second half of 2025
        based on the current market price, as well as one-off expenses associated with the staff optimisation plan. Excluding
        these two items, the decrease in adjusted profit attributable to owners of the Company significantly narrowed.


   •    The Company declared an interim dividend of HKD0.50 per ordinary share for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




02 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(1) FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS AND REVIEW (Cont’d)

   Segmental Financial Highlights


                                                                 2025 First Half                             2024 First Half
                                                        Gaming and                                    Gaming and
                                                          application              Mynd.ai             application             Mynd.ai
   (RMB million)                                               services            business                services             business

   Revenue                                                        1,738                  641                2,121                1,180
   Gross profit                                                   1,498                  163                1,849                   351
   Gross margin                                                  86.2%                25.4%                 87.2%                29.7%
   Core segmental profit (loss)                                     501                 (195)                  688                 (111)
   Segmental operating expenses     1


   – Research and development                                      (436)                (104)                 (595)                (101)
   – Selling and marketing                                         (197)                (139)                 (210)                (139)
   – Administrative                                                (330)                (118)                 (324)                (200)


   Note 1: Segmental operating expenses exclude unallocated expenses/income such as directors’ emoluments and certain administrative
             expenses that have been grouped into SG&A categories on the Company’s reported consolidated financial statements, but
             cannot be allocated to specific business segments for purpose of calculating the segmental profit (loss) figures in accordance
             with HKFRS 8.




                                                                                                        網龍 INTERIM REPORT             03
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2) BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

   NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”)
   maintained stable operations despite temporary challenges in the first half of 2025. The gaming business advanced its
   execution under the established ‘Evergreen Operation Plan’. While this led to short-term revenue fluctuations, gaming
   performance has now stabilised, showing only a marginal HoH decline in revenue. Meanwhile, Mynd.ai business was
   affected by external factors including increased tariffs and softening demand in its key markets. While challenges persist,
   our efforts to streamline operations and enhance cost efficiency have resulted in a 15.6% YoY reduction in the Company’s
   operating expenses with full impact anticipated in the second half of 2025 and beyond, paving the way for future
   profitability.

   We are confident in our long-term sustainable growth and value-creation potential. With solid results from multiple strategic
   investments and robust cash reserves, we are well positioned to further our commitment of enhancing shareholder returns.
   The board (“Board”) of directors (“Directors”) of the Company has approved an interim dividend of HKD0.50 per ordinary
   share, representing an increase of 25% YoY, and a distribution of no less than HKD600 million to our shareholders over
   the next 12 months through a combination of dividend payments and share repurchases (Shareholder Return Program).

   For the longer term of development, we fully embraced the new artificial intelligence (AI) era and upheld our vision of
   ‘Infinite Growth’, while further advancing the execution of our dual-focus strategy - ‘AI+Gaming’ and ‘AI+Education’. In the
   gaming sector, our evergreen flagship IP Eudemons continued to elevate content quality and launched a series of cross-over
   collaborations with cultural heritage projects and public welfare initiatives, leading to sustained growth in user engagement.
   Meanwhile, our Conquer IP delivered solid progress in overseas expansion and content monetisation. The ‘Content +
   Esports’ engine for Heroes Evolved IP proved to be a significant success. In the education sector, we implemented a
   systematic restructuring of our domestic EdTech businesses, sharpening our focus on core AI-powered projects such as
   country-level platforms, as well as the vocational education business. Our U.S.-listed subsidiary, Mynd.ai, successfully
   launched its next-generation integrated solution, ActivPanel 10® and Promethean ActivSuite® software, and reached an
   agreement to acquire an award-winning AI voice assistant technology, leveraging our vast user base to further enhance our
   SaaS offerings. In addition, we introduced Zhongke WengAI (“Wenge”), a leading AI large language model company
   in China, as a strategic shareholder of our Hong Kong-based subsidiary Cherrypicks to support its AI evolution. In August
   2025, Cherrypicks and Wenge jointly released three co-developed AI applications: the international version of X-Agent
   (AI-powered zero-code enterprise agent factory), WiSky (multilingual intelligence platform with AI-powered social listening
   for global decisions), and YoYa (multimodal creative studio with AI-powered all-in-one intelligent audio-video synthesis).
   This milestone marks the first time that China’s core AI technologies have been brought to global markets under the lead
   of a Hong Kong enterprise. In early June of this year, we unveiled our strategy of empowering global digital education
   development through AI Content Factory at the United Nations High-level Expert Group Meeting in New York, as we move
   forward with partners to build a global education metaverse platform.




04 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2) BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (Cont’d)

   Gaming and Application Services Business


   Revenue from our gaming and application services amounted to RMB1.7 billion in the first half of 2025, representing
   a decrease of 18.1% YoY and a slight decrease of 4.3% HoH. We remain committed to long-term operations and the
   development of evergreen IPs. While revenue experienced a temporary decline due to certain short-term factors, we
   continued to enhance player experience, drive user growth, and strengthen engagement - laying a solid foundation for the
   long-term sustainability of our gaming business. With the continued progress of business optimisation, segmental operating
   expenses have been effectively controlled, representing a decrease of 14.7% YoY, while core segmental profit rebounded
   HoH to RMB501 million, demonstrating strong resilience and positive recovery momentum.


   In the gaming sector, the deployment of the AI Content Factory further enhanced operational
   efficiency: The overall workforce structure has been enhanced to further align with the AI era, thereby strengthening team
   capability and cohesion, which led to a 26.7% YoY reduction in R&D costs across the gaming and application service
   segment. Alongside cost optimisation, our “AI+” strategy has also significantly boosted our efficiency: different gaming
   teams under the same IP now collaborate more effectively through the AI Content Factory, achieving better integration and
   greatly enhancing cross-version content collaboration and automated generation capabilities. Our R&D and innovation
   efforts also closely align with the AI trends: Our major new title, Code-MY , started its closed beta testing for IP users in
   August 2025, with preparations for its official launch underway. The mobile game Code-Alpha is preparing to expand
   into multiple overseas markets. With the support of AI Content Factory, our flagship IP Eudemons will be able to efficiently
   roll out multi-language versions, opening new opportunities overseas. Meanwhile, Legend of Eudemons was successfully
   launched on several mini game platforms in the first half of 2025, further enhancing the IP’s influence. In addition, our
   other self-developed IPs such as Under Oath and Zero Online , are scheduled for release through publishing and licensing
   partnerships, bringing in additional revenue. Looking forward, we are positioning the long-term R&D focus on AI-native
   games. We have already built preliminary capabilities in AIGC graphical design, multi-agent collaboration, intelligent
   NPC, closed-loop data iteration, data safety and compliance, planning to roll out prototypes by phases to lay the
   foundation for next-generation gaming innovation.


   In the application services sector, we further advance our strategy of fully embracing the new
   AI era: Our domestic EdTech business will focus on core AI-powered projects such as country-level platforms, as well
   as vocational education business. In Thailand, our AI-driven vocational education project collaborated with the Ministry
   of Higher Education, Science, Research, and Innovation (MHESI) was officially launched, providing nationwide training
   in fields such as new electric vehicles for university students and the broader youth community. Supported by the World
   Bank, we signed a cooperation agreement with the Ministry of Secondary Education of Cameroon (MINESEC) to enhance
   digital education in the country, with the aim of improving education equity and teaching quality. Our Hong Kong-
   based subsidiary Cherrypicks successfully secured strategic investment from Wenge and will serve as its sole overseas
   commercialisation and go-to-market platform, facilitating the rollout of China’s leading AI technologies in Hong Kong,
   Macau, and overseas markets. Wenge’s “YaYi” large language model and its AI- Scientist Agent ranked first across two
   global AI Agent benchmarks in 2025, underscoring its world-class R&D capabilities. In August 2025, Cherrypicks and
   Wenge jointly launched AI applications including social listening and multimodal content creation tools globally. Leveraging
   Hong Kong’s position as an international innovation and technology hub and its multilingual environment, these products
   will expand into overseas markets such as Southeast Asia, Europe, and the U.S. Beyond creating new revenue streams, this
   strategic partnership will further strengthen our AI capabilities and resources.


                                                                                                網龍 INTERIM REPORT           05
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2) BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK (Cont’d)

   Gaming and Application Services Business (Cont’d)


   Beyond the gaming and application services business, the strategic value of the Company’s
   initiatives in frontier technologies and the AI+ ecosystem continues to materialise: Our investee in AI
   edge devices successfully launched a new generation of AI glasses, marking a key breakthrough in consumer applications.
   In cultural creativity and IP operations, the influence of our investee’s flagship IP portfolio further expanded, driving stronger
   commercialisation. As of 30 June 2025, we hold approximately 12,000 units of Ethereum with fair value of RMB211
   million based on the prevailing market value. Going forward, we will continue to focus our strategic investments on frontier
   technologies including AI, XR, robotics, and blockchain, as well as the cultural innovation sector, ensuring solid synergy
   effects with our core businesses.


   Mynd.ai


   Notwithstanding industry-wide softening throughout most of our key geographic markets, customer budget uncertainties,
   and increased tariffs, we are focused on positioning Mynd.ai for future success. The introduction of our next-generation
   integrated solution, ActivPanel 10® and Promethean ActivSuite® software, is the first step in the transformation of our core
   offerings designed to enhance cybersecurity, facilitate a seamless “plug and play” experience with customers’ existing
   technology, and lower lifetime cost of ownership. The accelerated product portfolio evolution is further enabled and
   enhanced by our continued focus on various cost optimisation initiatives designed to improve our competitive positioning
   in the market and facilitate further investments in our business. On the investment front, we are very excited to highlight our
   entry into an agreement to acquire an award-winning AI voice assistant technology, which we expect to complete during
   the third quarter of 2025. We believe that this acquisition will allow us to accelerate and evolve our AI-enabled solution
   roadmap and significantly enhance the interaction of the full ecosystem of software and hardware offerings in a classroom.


   The key financial highlights for Mynd.ai in the first half of 2025 are as follows:


   –     Revenue of RMB641 million compared to RMB1,180 million for the same period in the prior year, with the decrease
         primarily driven by declines in customer spending due to budgetary reductions caused by economic uncertainty


   –     Core segmental loss of RMB195 million, compared to a loss of RMB111 million for the same period in the prior year


   –     Cash flow from continuing operations decreased by RMB239 million compared to the same period in the prior year,
         with cash reserves of RMB208 million as of 30 June 2025


   –     Reduced outstanding indebtedness by RMB53 million since year end of 2024


   –     Management continuing to implement cost saving measures to mitigate effects of education technology market
         headwinds


06 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Corporate Development Milestones and Awards for the First Half of 2025


                           Corporate Development Milestones/Recognitions
Award Issuer                                           Name of the Award


Industry and Information Technology Bureau of Fuzhou   Leading Enterprise in Software Industry (軟件業龍頭企業)
  (福州市工業和信息化局)
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology        2024 Leading Enterprise in Future Industry Innovation and
  (工業和信息化部)                                              Development (2024未來產業創新發展領導企業)
Fuzhou Changle District Committee of the Communist     Outstanding Contribution Award (卓越貢獻獎) and
  Party of China (中共福州市長樂區委) and the                     Innovation and Development Award (創新發展獎)
  People’s Government of Fuzhou Changle District
  (福州市長樂區人民政府)
Science and Technology Department of Fujian Province   Third Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress
  (福建省科學技術廳)                                             (科學進步三等獎)
World Institute of Sustainable Development Planners    Education Innovation & Technology – Rising Star Award
  (全球永續發展規劃師學會)                                          at the “2025 Hong Kong Sustainable Development
                                                         Innovation and Technology Awards” (2025香港永續發展
                                                         創新科技大獎之「優質教育創新科技 － 新秀獎」)
Greater Bay Area Financiers Association                Excellence in ESG Innovation Award of the Year
  (大灣區金融家協會)                                             (年度卓越 ESG 創新企業)
Roadshow China (路演中)                                   The 8th Excellence IR for “Best Capital Market Communication
                                                         Award” and “Best ESG Award” (第八屆中國卓越IR「最佳
                                                         資本市場溝通獎」及「最佳 ESG獎」)
Jinmen Finance (進門財經)                                  “Best Communication and Interaction Award”
                                                         (「最佳交流互動獎」)
Hstong (華盛通)                                           Capital Market Influential Enterprise Award
                                                         (具資本市場影響力企業獎項)
Red Dot                                                Red Dot Design Award 2025
Tech & Learning Awards of Excellence                   Best of 2024




                                                                                       網龍 INTERIM REPORT           07
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(3) LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

   As at 30 June 2025, the Group had pledged bank deposits, bank deposits with original maturity over three months and
   cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB3,772 million (31 December 2024: RMB3,827 million), of which
   83.6%, 14.7% and 1.7% were denominated in RMB, USD and other currencies, respectively.


   As at 30 June 2025, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB1,211 million as compared with
   approximately RMB1,272 million as at 31 December 2024.


(4) TREASURY POLICY

   It is the Group’s treasury management policy not to engage in any high-risk investment or speculative derivative products
   and not to invest working capital in financial products with significant underlying leverage or risks. The Group continues
   to adopt a conservative approach to financial risk management with no leverage during the period under review. It is the
   Group’s policy not to use financial instruments for hedging purpose. It is also the Group’s policy not to invest in foreign
   currency net investments which are hedged by currency borrowings and other hedging instruments.


(5) DEBT MATURITY AND CURRENCY PROFILE

   The Group’s total bank borrowings and other debts, including convertible and exchangeable bonds and convertible
   note, as at 30 June 2025 amounted to RMB2,670 million (31 December 2024: RMB2,420 million) which comprises
   principal amount of bank borrowings of RMB2,255 million (31 December 2024: RMB1,729 million), convertible and
   exchangeable bonds of nil (31 December 2024: RMB295 million) and convertible note of RMB415 million (31 December
   2024: RMB396 million).


   The maturity profile of the Group’s total principal amount of bank borrowings and other debts for the period/year is set out
   below:


   As at 30 June 2025


                                                                              Denominated in
                                                              RMB                USD                HKD                Total
                                                    RMB million         RMB million        RMB million        RMB million

    On demand                                                  500                   –                48                548
    Within one year                                         1,650                 472                    –           2,122

    Total                                                   2,150                 472                 48             2,670



08 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(5) DEBT MATURITY AND CURRENCY PROFILE (Cont’d)

   As at 31 December 2024


                                                                             Denominated in
                                                            RMB                USD               HKD               Total
                                                      RMB million       RMB million       RMB million        RMB million

   On demand                                                 300                  –                49               349
   Within one year                                        1,300                771                   –            2,071

   Total                                                  1,600                771                 49             2,420



(6) GEARING RATIO

   The gearing ratio (consolidated bank borrowings/consolidated total equity) was 0.40 (31 December 2024: 0.29). As at
   30 June 2025, total bank borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately RMB2,255 million (31 December 2024:
   RMB1,729 million) which included variable-rate loan of RMB205 million (31 December 2024: RMB128 million) and
   fixed-rate loan of RMB2,050 million (31 December 2024: RMB1,601 million). The bank borrowings of RMB2,255 million
   (31 December 2024: RMB1,718 million) were secured by pledge of certain properties, right-of-use assets and pledged
   bank deposits of the Group and corporate guarantee provided by the Company and its subsidiaries, no bank borrowings (31
   December 2024: RMB11 million) as at 30 June 2025 were unsecured.


(7) CAPITAL STRUCTURE

   As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s total equity amounted to approximately RMB5,587 million (31 December 2024:
   RMB5,866 million).


(8) CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

   As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                            網龍 INTERIM REPORT         09
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(9) SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS AND FUTURE
    PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

    The Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for the six
    months ended 30 June 2025.


    During the period, the Group did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets.


(10) FOREIGN CURRENCY RISKS

    The Group operates mainly in the PRC, the United States of America and the United Kingdom. Most of its monetary assets,
    liabilities and transactions are principally denominated in the functional currency of respective group entities, which are
    Renminbi, United States dollar and Great Britain Pound. However, the Group also has operations in Hong Kong and
    Europe and the business transactions conducted in these areas during the period were mainly denominated and settled
    in Hong Kong dollar and European dollar, respectively. The Group currently does not have hedging policy in respect of
    the foreign currency risk. However, the management closely monitors foreign exchange exposure to ensure appropriate
    measures are implemented in a timely and effective manner.


(11) CREDIT RISKS

    As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group due to
    failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of the respective recognised
    financial assets as stated in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position.


    In order to minimise the credit risk of trade receivables, contract assets, other receivables, refundable rental deposits and
    loan receivables, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits,
    credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In this
    regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group
    always recognises lifetime expected credit loss (“ECL”) for trade receivables and contract assets. The ECL on these assets
    are assessed individually for credit-impaired debtors and collectively for others using a provision matrix with appropriate
    groupings.




10 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(11) CREDIT RISKS (Cont’d)

    The credit risk on pledged bank deposits, bank deposits with original maturity over three months and bank balances are
    limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies or
    state-owned banks located in the PRC. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the ECL on these balances
    is insignificant.


    The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the associates and joint ventures. The Group’s credit risks in these
    balances are mitigated through the value of the assets held by these entities and the power to participate or jointly control
    the relevant activities of these entities. The directors of the Company believe that there are no significant increase in credit
    risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12-month ECL. Based on the
    assessment of the management, the ECL for these balances were insignificant and thus loss allowance was negligible.


    The credit risk on liquid funds is limited because the counterparties are banks with good credit ratings and there is no
    significant concentration of credit risk.


    The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk on trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets with
    exposure spreading over a number of counterparties and customers.


(12) LIQUIDITY RISK

    In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed
    adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.
    The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending
    covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major
    financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term. Based on the assessment of the
    management, liquidity risk encountered by the Group is minimal.




                                                                                                   網龍 INTERIM REPORT            11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(13) STAFF INFORMATION

   For the period under review, the breakdown of the number of employees of the Group is set out below:


                                                                                  As at                As at              As at
                                                                               30 June        31 December              30 June
                                                                                  2025                2024               2024
                                                                                                                      (Restated)

   Research and development                                                      1,556               2,505              3,165
   Selling and marketing                                                            539                669                772
   Accounting, finance and general administration                                   793                856                907
   Production                                                                       520                563              1,279

   Total                                                                         3,408               4,593              6,123



(14) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

   Human Resources


   1.      As of 30 June 2025, the total number of employees of the Group is 3,408.


   2.      As an internet technology company committed to ambitious growth, we are continuously promoting the deep
           integration of digital transformation and AI technologies to accelerate our transition into a new type of AI-based
           organisation. In the first half of the year, we focused on building our organisational structure around the AI Content
           Factory. This transformation, not merely a technological upgrade, entails profound changes in organisational model,
           ways of working and talent management.




12 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(14) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION (Cont’d)

   Human Resources (Cont’d)


   3.   Organisational construction centered on the goal of building an “AI-based organisation” to deepen and upgrade our
        operational model


        In 2025, the Company has advanced the development of the AI Content Factory across all business segments,
        including education and gaming, to establish a new “AI-led, human-machine collaborative” production model. AI
        serves as the core driver of production and execution, while our experts act as “AI trainers”, leveraging their professional
        expertise to design and optimise the AI Content Factory, and building a “most powerful expert knowledge base” for
        the AI Productions Center. Currently, the Company has developed a fully functional and comprehensive AI-powered
        production center for educational content. In the gaming segment, an AI Content Factory has been established across
        core value chains, with its application scope continuously expanding. The development of the AI Content Factory has
        driven significant improvement in our production efficiency and content quality.


        In addition, all departments have also been continuously improving and deepening the integration of AI into daily
        operations. Simple, repetitive, and executed-oriented tasks are handled by AI, while expert systems are used to
        combine internal best practices with AI technology. This has not only enhanced standardisation and automation
        across workflow, but also enabled accumulation, retention, inheritance and upgrading of AI organisational
        capabilities, which contributed to improvement in operational effectiveness throughout the Company.


   4.   Driving talent upgrade in line with the goal of building an AI-based organisation to continuously increase the density
        of middle and senior-level talents and enhance AI capabilities


        In the first half of the year, the Company implemented a series of talent upgrade measures with a focus on building
        an AI-based organisation. In terms of talent standards, talent categories and profiles have been defined
        for an AI-based organisation, clarifying learning ability and AI competency as key screening criteria in “talent
        selection, deployment, cultivation and retention”. In terms of talent acquisition, we increased the number of
        AI-related positions and offered favourable compensation packages to strengthen our appeal to AI professionals. In
        terms of talent cultivation, we provided more training resources, learning platforms and AI bots platforms to
        comprehensively enhancing employees’ capabilities in training and utilizing AI. In terms of talent structure,
        we implemented a series of measures for talent assessments and inventory review to raise continuously the proportion
        of middle and senior-level talents, fostering more capable teams.




                                                                                                   網龍 INTERIM REPORT            13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(14) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION (Cont’d)

   Human Resources (Cont’d)


   5.   Upgrading task-oriented management model and exploring AI/electronic management


        The Company continued to implement its “task-oriented” management model. In the first half of 2025, with the
        support of AI/electronification, the Company has implemented this model more thorough than ever. Centered around
        a task acceptance criteria system, this model breaks down tasks into measurable sub-tasks and enables end-to-end
        management from task assignment, acceptance, execution to acceptance through electronic platforms.


        By leveraging digitalisation to establish a self-management loop, an intelligent matching and recommendation system
        based on “task tags + talent tags” has been built. This system breaks down tasks and automatically assigns them to
        suitable employees, who may voluntarily take on tasks based on the tags and personal interests. This facilitates a
        transition from “top-down assignment” to “employee self-selection”, enhancing employees’ autonomy and motivation
        while breaking away from traditional “role rigidity” and in turn achieves AI-enabled self-management. AI automatically
        calculates performance results based on data of task acceptance of employees generated within the assessment
        cycle. Employees and managers can supplement and rectify the information. At the same time, the task acceptance
        data so generated also serves as the primary basis for salary adjustments, promotion recommendations and bonus
        payment.


   6.   The metaverse organisational ecosystem has begun to take shape, and continually expanding the boundaries of an
        open organisational structure


        Our AI organisation is built around a task-oriented model, rapidly forming virtual teams that break traditional
        boundaries to focus on core tasks or projects, which enables highly efficient collaboration and achieving business
        or project goals. In the first half of the year, the Company released and delivered over 1,200 business orders to the
        public, attracting more than 500 high-quality teams and individuals from around the world to participate in value
        creation as metaverse partners. For expansion of metaverse resources and channel, we continued our collaborations
        with major colleges and universities in China to create premium educational resources with both faculty and students.
        For mechanism establishment, we have implemented a system to transition former employees into metaverse partners.
        By establishing such open organisational structure, we have eliminated geographical limitations in talent and
        capability acquisition, enabling elites worldwide to support our operations.


        As the Company is transitioning into an AI-based organisation, the future work model will be defined by “humans and
        AI work together”. Our workforce composition will include full-time employees, AI employees and metaverse partners.
        Through highly efficient human-AI collaboration, we will effectively reduce operating costs and create sustainable
        growth momentum for the Company.

14 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(15) STAFF TRAININGS

   The Group is an enterprise dedicated to promoting the development of education through technology, which highly
   values the development and training work of staff and formulated a series of policies and measures aimed at enhancing
   employees’ knowledge and skills required to perform their job duties. Since 2025, staff training programs have covered
   mulitiple critical areas, from frontier technological knowledge such as the AI Content Factory concept and large language
   model technologies to practical skills for end-to-end project management, which have established a comprehensive and
   in-depth learning system. The overall rationale is tightly structured around four core pillars: the integration of technological
   innovation, standardised project execution, efficient team collaboration and the enhancement of employees’ comprehensive
   competency. A hierarchical and categorised training approach has been adopted strategically, structuring courses into
   areas such as emerging technologies and project official website certification requirements to meet the needs and career
   development paths of employees across different roles. Meanwhile, emphasising the transformation and application of
   training results and encouraging employees to continue learning and keeping up through results-oriented assessment to
   ensure timely feedback on training effects. We value greatly the teaching of theoretical knowledge and emphasise the
   cultivation of practical operation and innovative ability through corporate staff training which we are committed to provide
   a systematic and personalised plan to improve the comprehensive quality and professional ability of employees in all
   aspects.


   1.    In-house training


         In terms of internal training, we cultivate talents efficiently and effectively by “electronification of tasks”, i.e., carrying
         out training and certification after clearly defining the tasks, precipitating the SOP and matching the task tools in order
         for staff to learn on demand and hold certificate while taking on duties, to achieve task-oriented training results.


         In the first half of 2025, we sorted out 3,083 tasks, 1,437 of which have completed task definitions and SOP
         productions; 1,375 of which have completed matching corresponding task tools. Through a complete set of task
         tools and relevant training, staff can learn how to use each task tool in the form of on-demand learning, instead of
         having to fully understand and master the entire concept, which greatly reduces the implementation threshold of each
         task.


         In the first half of 2025, the online learning platform launched 89 courses which 857 students participated in the
         learning, with a total learning time of 1,056 hours and an average learning time of 1.23 hours per person. Students
         have gained related knowledge of the concept of the digitalisation of corporate tasks, general skills and special skills
         through the learning platform.




                                                                                                      網龍 INTERIM REPORT             15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(15) STAFF TRAININGS (Cont’d)

    2.   Professional skills training


         The concept of the AI Content Factory: the course attracted 474 participants, with the total working hours of 711
         hours and the average working hours of 1.5 hours per participant. Through this course, employees have gained a
         thorough understanding and an alignment with the approach of the AI Content Factory of the Company, and are
         able to proactively apply this methodology to accomplish tasks. At the same time, based on the concept of the AI
         Content Factory, the selection and assessment management of education line employees has been re-valuated.


         DeepSeek: technology evolution path and industry opportunities: A total of 110 participants attended the program,
         with the total working hours of 209 hours and the average working hours of 1.9 hours per participant. Through this
         program, employees gained insight into the technological evolution path of DeepSeek and the industrial opportunities
         brought by large models, which developed a clearer understanding of large models such as DeepSeek, helping the
         employees better support their work and life.


    3.   Project official website certification development


         In the first half of 2025, the Group focused on matters related to project official websites and promote the
         development of role-specific certification process. These practices aim to enhance employees’ professional capability
         to handle relevant matters and ensure the quality and efficiency of execution through a standardised certification
         system.


         3.1. Definition of role-specific certification


               •      Under the task-oriented management philosophy of the Company, role-specific certification refers to a
                      process that any individual can obtain a relevant credential or qualification tag for a task after completing
                      designated training, passing assessments and receiving formal certification. Employees are qualified to
                      undertake the corresponding task with the relevant credential.


         3.2 Purpose of certification


               •      To assess whether the applicant has acquired the pre-requisite knowledge or awareness to perform the
                      task or utilise task-related tools.


               •      To assess whether the applicant understands how to execute the task or utilise the tools and is capable of
                      delivering qualified outputs.




16 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(15) STAFF TRAININGS (Cont’d)

    3.   Project official website certification development (Cont’d)


         3.3 Certification Instructions


               •     Once a certification is launched, if relevant credential is not obtained by the specified date, it may affect
                     the logging of work hours related to the task.


               •     Each certification consists of one theory or awareness exam and one practical simulation exam.
                     Corresponding certificate will be awarded upon passing of both examinations.


               The role-specific certification programs related to project websites focus on key tasks throughout project
               execution. Through setting clear certification standards and procedures, the programs encourage employees to
               enhance their professional skills, ensure project-related matters to be handled consistently and efficiently, and
               provide strong support for smooth implementation of the projects of the Company.


    4.   Heart sign-in


         As one of the important corporate cultures of the Company, heart sign-in helps project leaders and management to
         organise and record their thoughts on the project or business, maintain their awareness of their work, and constantly
         upgrade themselves to promote the smooth development of their work.


         In the first half of the 2025, 18,241 heart sign-ins were published by the heart sign-in club, with a total of 602
         participant engagements and pageviews reaching 4,750,186. We let all the students of the Company not only
         experience the corporate culture, but also learn about strategy, technology, management, product, design, operation
         and other aspects through heart sign-in method to help them grow better.




                                                                                                 網龍 INTERIM REPORT            17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(16) CORPORATE CULTURE

    “Passion, Learning, Innovation, Endeavor, Pursuit of Excellence, Fairness, and Customer-orientation” is the DNA of the
    corporate culture of NetDragon as well as the cultural gene of every individual of NetDragon.


                          Passion is the attitude that every staff                   Learning has been our habit. We take
                          treats his work and colleagues. We                         the initiative to learn new things with
                          are optimistic, dedicate ourselves to                      the unity of knowledge and action.
                          work and never give up; we always                          We also focus on self-examination

        Passion           maintain a positive attitude and try to    Learning        and are ready to share what we
                          influence others                                           know.


                          Innovation is the motive power behind                      Endeavor is our characteristic. We
                          our success. We welcome changes                            actively hand up and show ourselves
                          and actively explore new fields. We                        so that we can grasp opportunities
                          dare to make attempts and sustain                          and win the future.
       Innovation         innovations.                               Endeavor


                          Pursuit of Excellence is our working                       Fairness is the working environment
                          standard. We always have high                              we strongly advocate. We respect
                          aspirations and keep improving. We                         each other, keep a frank and open
                          only compete with ourselves so as to                       mind, stay objective and impartial,

  Pursuit of Excellence   surpass your expectation.                  Fairness        and believe in the value of clear
                                                                                     rewards and punishments.


                          Customer-orientation is the design
                          and service concept of our products.
                          We lead demands, emphasize
                          experience, pursue a win-win situation
                          and create values.
  Customer-orientation




18 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(17) INTERIM DIVIDEND

   On 28 August 2025, the Board resolved to declare an interim dividend of HKD0.50 per share for the six months ended
   30 June 2025 (2024: interim dividend of HKD0.40 per share). The interim dividend will be paid to the shareholders
   whose names appeared on the register of members of the Company on 12 September 2025. It is expected that the interim
   dividend will be distributed on or around 31 October 2025.


(18) CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

   The record date for the interim dividend will be Friday, 12 September 2025. The register of members of the Company will
   be closed from Friday, 12 September 2025 to Monday, 15 September 2025, both days inclusive, during which period
   no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025, all
   share transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in
   Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong not later than
   4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 11 September 2025.




                                                                                                  網龍 INTERIM REPORT           19
OTHER INFORMATION


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)), which were required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which
they were taken or deemed to have under provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in the register kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:


                                                                                                         Number of shares
                                                                                                           and underlying
                                                                                                            shares held or
                                                                                                                amount of      Approximate
                                   Name of                    Capacity and                               registered capital    percentage of
Name of Director                   Company                    nature of interests                              contributed     shareholding
                                                                                                                    (Note 1)

Liu Dejian (Note 2)                The Company                Beneficial owner, through a controlled        216,384,938 (L)          40.73%
                                                                corporation and beneficiary of a trust


Leung Lim Kin, Simon (Note 3)      The Company                Beneficial owner and beneficiary                 6,139,040 (L)          1.16%
                                                                of a trust


Liu Luyuan (Note 2)                The Company                Beneficial owner and founder of a trust       216,384,938 (L)          40.73%


Liu Luyuan                         Fujian NetDragon           Beneficial owner                            RMB21,311,000 (L)           0.07%
                                     Websoft Co., Ltd.
                                     ("NetDragon (Fujian)")


Chen Hongzhan (Note 4)             The Company                Beneficial owner and beneficiary               11,197,019 (L)           2.11%
                                                                of certain trust


Lin Yun (Note 5)                   The Company                Beneficial owner                                 1,211,100 (L)          0.23%


Liu Sai Keung, Thomas (Note 6)     The Company                Beneficial owner                                  500,019 (L)           0.09%


Li Sing Chung, Matthias (Note 7)   The Company                Beneficial owner                                     2,000 (L)        0.0004%


20 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                                                                                  OTHER INFORMATION


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Cont’d)

Notes:


1.       The letter “L” denotes the shareholder’s long position in the shares, underlying shares and share capital of the relevant member of the
         Group.


2.       Liu Dejian is interested in 100% of the issued voting shares of DJM Holding Ltd., which in turn is interested in 35.97% of the issued voting
         shares of the Company (the “Share(s)”). Liu Dejian is also interested in 0.39% of the Shares which is represented by beneficial interest of
         1,884,000 Shares and a beneficiary of a trust of 197,019 Shares.


         Liu Luyuan is interested in 4.37% of the Shares which is represented by interest held as founder of a trust holding in aggregate of
         21,541,819 Shares, and the rest being beneficial interest of 1,684,000 Shares.


         Pursuant to the concert party agreement between Liu Dejian and Liu Luyuan, Liu Dejian and Liu Luyuan are deemed to be interested in
         40.73% of the Shares through their direct and deemed shareholding in all of DJM Holding Ltd., a trust in favour of Liu Luyuan, a trust in
         favour of Liu Dejian and their respective shares held as beneficial owner in each of their personal capacities.


3.       Leung Lim Kin, Simon is interested in 1.16% of the Shares which is represented by beneficial interest of 1,899,040 Shares, a beneficiary
         of a trust of 240,000 Shares, and the rest being the underlying shares of interest of 4,000,000 share options granted by the Company.


4.       Chen Hongzhan is interested in 2.11% of the Shares which is represented by personal interest of 156,200 shares and interest held as a
         beneficiary of certain trust holding in aggregate of 11,040,819 Shares.


5.       Lin Yun is interested in 0.23% of the Shares which is represented by personal interest of 1,211,100 Shares.


6.       Liu Sai Keung, Thomas is interested in 0.09% of the Shares which is represented by personal interest of 300,019 Shares and the rest
         being underlying shares of interest of 200,000 share options granted by the Company.


7.       Li Sing Chung, Matthias is interested in 0.0004% of the Shares which is represented by personal interest of 2,000 Shares.


Save as disclosed above, to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors and chief executive
of the Company had any interest and short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken
or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in the register kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange.




     INTERIM REPORT                                                                                                網龍 INTERIM REPORT            21
OTHER INFORMATION


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND OTHER PERSONS ’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

So far as is known to the Directors, as at 30 June 2025, the following persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the
Company) had, or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or, which were
required to be entered in the register kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO or, who were directly or indirectly
interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general
meetings of any member of the Group:


                                                                                                       Number of shares
                                                                                                           and underlying
                                                                                                            shares held or       Approximate
                                     Name of              Capacity and                             amount of registered          percentage of
Name of Shareholder                  Company              nature of interests                         capital contributed        shareholding
                                                                                                                      (Note 1)

DJM Holding Ltd.                     The Company          Beneficial owner                                  191,078,100 (L)            35.97%


IDG Group (Note 2)                   The Company          Beneficial owner                                    34,504,320 (L)            6.49%


Ho Chi Sing (Note 2)                 The Company          Through controlled corporations                     34,504,320 (L)            6.49%


Zhou Quan (Note 2)                   The Company          Through controlled corporations                     32,808,018 (L)            6.18%


Zheng Hui (deceased)                 The Company          Beneficial owner and through                      34,437,519 (L)              6.48%
     (Note 3)                                                controlled corporations


Notes:


1.       The letter “L” denotes the shareholder‘s long position in the share capital of the relevant member of the Group.




22 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                                                                              OTHER INFORMATION


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND OTHER PERSONS ’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Cont’d)

Notes: (Cont’d)

2.    The IDG Group is comprised of four limited partnerships, namely IDG Technology Venture Investments, L.P., IDG-Accel China Growth
      Fund L.P., IDG-Accel China Growth Fund-A L.P. and IDG-Accel China Investors L.P., being interested in approximately 2.05%, 3.43%,
      0.70% and 0.31% respectively, in the Company who are deemed to be acting in concert to acquire interests in the Company, and their
      respective controlling entities. The controlling structure of each of the above partnerships is as follows:

      a)     IDG Technology Venture Investments, L.P. is controlled by its sole general partner, IDG Technology Venture Investments, LLC, which
             in turn is controlled by its managing members, Zhou Quan and Ho Chi Sing.

      b)     IDG-Accel China Growth Fund L.P. and IDG-Accel China Growth Fund-A L.P. are controlled by their sole general partner, IDG-
             Accel China Growth Fund Associates L.P., which in turn is controlled by its sole general partner, IDG-Accel China Growth Fund GP
             Associates Ltd.. IDG-Accel China Growth Fund GP Associates Ltd. is held as to 35.00% by each of Zhou Quan and Ho Chi Sing.

      c)     IDG-Accel China Investors L.P. is controlled by its sole general partner, IDG-Accel China Investors Associates Ltd., which in turn is
             held as to 100.00% by Ho Chi Sing.

3.    Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 9 June 2023 in relation to the passing away of Zheng Hui, a former
      executive Director.

      Zheng Hui (deceased) was interested in 100% of the issued share capital of Fitter Property Inc., which in turn was interested in 3.58% of
      the Shares. Zheng Hui was interested in 100% of the issued share capital of Eagle World International Inc., which in turn was interested
      in 2.62% of the Shares. Zheng Hui was also interested in 0.28% of the issued Shares which was represented by beneficial interest of
      1,497,000 Shares. Zheng Hui’s interests are now undergoing probate.


Save as disclosed above, the Directors are not aware of any persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company)
who had, or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or, which were
required to be entered in the register kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO or who were directly or indirectly
interested in 5% or more of the issued voting shares of any other member of the Group as at 30 June 2025.


SHARE SCHEMES

At the annual general meeting of the Company held on 6 June 2024, the shareholders of the Company approved the adoption
the 2024 share option scheme (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”) and the 2024 share award scheme (the “2024 Share
Award Scheme”) (together, the “Existing Share Schemes”). Further details of the Existing Share Schemes are set out in the circular
of the Company dated 24 April 2024.


As at 30 June 2025, no share options and 360,000 awarded shares were granted under the Existing Share Schemes, the
total number of share options and awarded shares available for grant under the Existing Share Schemes shall not exceed
52,766,253, representing 9.93% of the Shares of the Company, the total number of share options and awarded shares
available for grant to the service providers (as defined under the Existing Share Schemes) under the Existing Share Schemes shall
not exceed 5,312,625, representing 1% of the Shares of the Company.



                                                                                                              網龍 INTERIM REPORT              23
OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE SCHEMES (Cont’d)

Details of share option schemes and share award scheme of the Company are set out below.


Share Option Scheme


The Company adopted the 2024 Share Option Scheme on 6 June 2024 to replace its previous share option scheme. The share
option schemes adopted by the Company on 24 May 2018 (the “2018 Share Option Scheme”) and 12 June 2008 (the “2008
Share Option Scheme”) were terminated on 6 June 2024 and 24 May 2018 respectively. The outstanding share options granted
under the 2018 Share Option Scheme and the 2008 Share Option Scheme shall remain valid and exercisable according to the
terms of the schemes.


The 2024 Share Option Scheme was adopted for the purpose to enable the Company to grant share options to eligible
participants (being the employee of the Company or any related entities, and the services providers) as incentives or rewards for
their contribution or potential contribution to the Group. Unless early terminated by the Board, the 2024 Share Option Scheme
shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on 6 June 2024.


As at 30 June 2025, no share options were granted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme. Details of the movements of the
outstanding share options under the 2008 Share Option Scheme and the 2018 Share Option Scheme during the six months
ended 30 June 2025 are as follows:


2008 Share Option Scheme


                                                              As at                                                         As at
                                               Exercise   1 January               Number of share options                 30 June
Grantee                        Date of grant      Price       2025     Granted     Exercised   Cancelled     Lapsed         2025
                                                   HKD

Independent non-executive Directors
Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie
  (retired on 5 June 2025)        31.03.2017     23.65      100,000           –            –           –    100,000            0


Liu Sai Keung, Thomas             31.03.2017     23.65      100,000           –            –           –          –       100,000


Others
Employees                         31.03.2017     23.65      100,000           –            –           –    100,000            0


Total                                                       300,000           –            –           –    200,000       100,000


24 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE SCHEMES (Cont’d)

Share Option Scheme (Cont’d)


2018 Share Option Scheme


                                                                        As at                                                                  As at
                                                        Exercise   1 January                   Number of share options                      30 June
Grantee                            Date of grant           Price        2025         Granted    Exercised    Cancelled        Lapsed           2025
                                                            HKD

Executive Director
Leung Lim Kin, Simon                  24.01.2020          21.07     4,000,000              –            –             –             –      4,000,000


Independent non-executive Directors
Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie
  (retired on 5 June 2025)            24.01.2020          21.07       100,000              –            –             –      100,000                 0


Liu Sai Keung, Thomas                 24.01.2020          21.07       100,000              –            –             –             –        100,000


Others
Employees                             24.01.2020          21.07     1,100,000              –            –             –    1,100,000                 0


Total                                                               5,300,000              –            –             –    1,200,000       4,100,000


Note 1:         Share options granted on 31 March 2017 were vested from 31 March 2018 to 31 March 2020, 25% of which were vested on
                the first anniversary of the date of grant, 25% were vested on the second anniversary of the date of grant, and 50% were vested on
                the third anniversary of the date of grant. The share options are exercisable from the relevant vesting dates until 30 March 2027.


Note 2:         Share options granted on 24 January 2020 to the independent non-executive Directors were vested from 24 January 2021 to
                24 January 2023, with one-third of the share options vested on the first, second and third anniversary of the date of grant. The
                remaining share options granted to grantees on 24 January 2020 were vested from 24 January 2021 to 24 January 2024, with
                25% of the share options vested on each anniversary of the date of grant. All share options granted on 24 January 2020 are
                exercisable from the relevant vesting dates until 23 January 2030.




                                                                                                                 網龍 INTERIM REPORT              25
OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE SCHEMES (Cont’d)

Share Award Scheme


The Company adopted the 2024 Share Award Scheme on 6 June 2024 to replace the share award scheme that was adopted
on 2 September 2008 and extended on 31 August 2018 (the “2008 Share Award Scheme”). The Board may, at their
discretion, select any eligible participant (being the employee of the Company or any related entities, and the services providers)
for participation in the 2024 Share Award Scheme. Unless early terminated by the Board, the 2024 Share Award Scheme shall
be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on 6 June 2024.


Pursuant to the rules of the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the Group has signed an agreement with Bank of Communications
Trustee Limited (the “Trustee”), for the purpose of administering the 2024 Share Award Scheme and holding the awarded shares
before they are vested.


The awarded shares, will be transferred to the selected participants at nil consideration, subject to receipt by the Trustee of (i) transfer
documents duly signed by the Trustee and the selected participants within the period stipulated in the vesting notice issued by the
Trustee to the selected participants; and (ii) a confirmation letter from the Company that all vesting conditions having been fulfilled.


Subject to the acceptance by the relevant selected participants, such transferred awarded shares may be held by the selected
participants in their own names or such nominees, including any trustees, as designated by the selected participants.


As at 30 June 2025, 360,000 awarded shares were granted under the 2024 Share Award Scheme. Details of the outstanding
awarded shares under the 2024 Share Award Scheme during the six months ended 30 June 2025 are as follows:


                                                                        Number of awarded shares
                                                 As at 1                                                         As at 30
Grantee                 Date of grant      January 2025      Granted         Vested    Cancelled     Lapsed    June 2025     Vesting Period

Executive Director
Leung Lim Kin, Simon    02.04.2025                     –      360,000       120,000            –           –      240,000    02.04.2025 – 02.04.2027


                                                       –      360,000       120,000            –           –      240,000


Note 1:          Purchase price is not applicable as the awarded shares under the 2024 Share Award Scheme are granted at nil consideration.

Note 2:          The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the awarded shares were granted on 2 April 2025 was HKD10.48.

Note 3:          The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the awarded shares were vested was HKD10.48.

Note 4:          The fair value of the awarded shares granted on 2 April 2025 was HKD4 million. It is determined based on the closing market
                 price of the Shares as at the date of grant.



26 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE SCHEMES (Cont’d)

Share Award Scheme (Cont’d)


For the awarded shares granted under the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the amounts to be recognised as expenses are
determined by reference to the fair value of the awarded shares granted, taking into account all market performance conditions
such as the Company’s share price and non-vesting conditions associated with the grants as at the date of grant, excluding the
impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions. The total expense amount is recognised over the relevant
vesting periods. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of awarded shares that are
expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original
estimates, if any, in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.


ISSUE OF SECURED CONVERTIBLE AND EXCHANGEABLE BONDS BY BEST ASSISTANT
AND ISSUE OF UNLISTED WARRANT UNDER SPECIFIC MANDATE

On 10 November 2019, the Company, Best Assistant Education Online Limited (“Best Assistant”), NetDragon Websoft Inc.
(“NetDragon BVI”), Digital Train Limited (“Digital Train”), Promethean World Limited, Nurture Education (Cayman) Limited (the
“Investor”), Madison Pacific Trust Limited as the agent and the security agent entered into the bond and warrant purchase
agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which (i) Best Assistant agreed to issue to the Investor and the Investor agreed
to purchase the convertible and exchangeable bonds (the “Convertible and Exchangeable Bonds”) in the aggregate principal
amount of USD150 million (equivalent to approximately HKD1,174.5 million); and (ii) simultaneously with the issue of the
Convertible and Exchangeable Bonds, the Company would issue to the Investor the unlisted warrants. The issue of Convertible
and Exchangeable Bonds and the Warrants to the Investor is a strategic collaboration with the Investor, an institutional investor
with extensive experience and active investments in the Greater China education sector.


Closing of the Purchase Agreement took place on 9 March 2020, and Best Assistant has issued to the Investor, Convertible
and Exchangeable Bonds which can be converted to 279,510,479 ordinary shares of Best Assistant, representing 11.16%
of the total outstanding share capital of Best Assistant on a fully diluted and as-converted basis, and the Company has issued
the unlisted warrant to the Investor which can be converted to 11,502,220 warrant shares of the Company. As a result of the
payment of the Company’s dividend and pursuant to the relevant warrant instrument, the subscription price of the relevant warrant
instrument is adjusted from HKD21.1998 to HKD19.6698 on 28 February 2022, and further adjusted to HKD18.8698 on
31 October 2022. The net proceeds raised from the issuance of Convertible and Exchangeable Bonds and warrants were also
applied and fully utilized as intended.


As at 30 June 2025, no Convertible and Exchangeable Bonds were converted into ordinary shares of Best Assistant and no
warrants were converted into Shares of the Company. The unlisted warrant was expired on 8 March 2025. The Convertible and
Exchangeable Bonds were matured on 9 March 2025 and redeemed by Best Assistant.




                                                                                                      網龍 INTERIM REPORT       27
OTHER INFORMATION


MODEL CODE OF CONDUCT FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting than the
required standard of dealings as set out in the Model Code under Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that,
having made specific enquiry of all Directors, all the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard
of dealings as set out on the Model Code under Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules and the code of conduct of the Company
regarding securities transactions by the Directors for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS

None of the Directors or any of their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) has interest in any business that
competes or may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group, or has any other conflict of interests with
the Group as at the date of this report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Throughout the period under review, the Company has complied with the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as
set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except for the following deviations as explained:


Mr. Lee Kwan Hung, Eddie (“Mr. Lee”) has retired and ceased to be an independent non-executive Director, chairman of the
remuneration committee and the share award committee, member of the audit committee and the nomination committee of the
Company with effect from 5 June 2025. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 5 June
2025.


Following Mr. Lee’s retirement, the total number of independent non-executive Directors was less than three and less than one-third
of the Board as required under Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules, which resulted in the non-compliance with Rules
3.10(1) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules. The composition of the audit committee of the Company does not meet the requirement
under Rule 3.23.


The Company will seek suitable candidate to fill the vacancy of independent non-executive Director and member of the audit
committee of the Company within three months from 5 June 2025 pursuant to Rule 3.11 and Rule 3.23 of the Listing Rules, and
make further announcement as and when appropriate.




28 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company established the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) on 15 October 2007 which has adopted written terms
of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review and supervise our
financial reporting process and internal control systems, which include financial, operational and compliance controls and risk
management functions.


The Audit Committee reviews the interim and annual condensed consolidated financial results of the Group. In addition, the Audit
Committee also reviews and approves the pricing policy and the performance for the continued connected transactions and
connected transactions relating to structure contracts, other contracts and control documents of the Group.


As at the date of this interim report, Audit Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Li Sing Chung
Matthias (the chairman of the Audit Committee), and Liu Sai Keung, Thomas.


The Company will seek suitable candidate to fill the vacancy of member of the Audit Committee within three months from 5 June
2025 pursuant to Rule 3.23 of the Listing Rules.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company. The Group’s
interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2025 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of
the opinion that the preparation of such results complied with the applicable accounting standards and requirements and that
adequate disclosures have been made.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

During the six months ended 30 June 2025, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries repurchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including any sale of treasury shares).
                                                                                             By Order of the Board
                                                                                NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  Liu Dejian
                                                                                                   Chairman


Hong Kong, 28 August 2025




                                                                                                    網龍 INTERIM REPORT       29
REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF NETDRAGON WEBSOFT HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries set out on pages 32 to 74, which comprise the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of
30 June 2025, and the related condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed
consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then
ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance
with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation
and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to
express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope
than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain
assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not
express an audit opinion.




30 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated financial
statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
28 August 2025




                                                                                            網龍 INTERIM REPORT         31
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                           2025           2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                             NOTES   RMB million     RMB million

Revenue                                                                        4          2,381          3,301
Cost of revenue                                                                            (726)         (1,102)

Gross profit                                                                              1,655          2,199
Other income and gains                                                        5(a)           89            130
Impairment loss under expected credit loss model, net of reversal                             (4)             9
Selling and marketing expenses                                                             (336)           (352)
Administrative expenses                                                                    (474)           (551)
Research and development costs                                                             (540)           (696)
Other expenses and losses                                                     5(b)         (279)           (103)
Share of results of associates and joint ventures                                             5               (2)

Operating profit                                                                            116            634
Interest income on pledged bank deposits                                                     12               –
Exchange (loss) gain on pledged bank deposits, financial assets
  at fair value through profit or loss, bank borrowings, convertible and
  exchangeable bonds and derivative financial instruments                                     (8)             2
Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    (6)            77
Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                        15              70
Finance costs                                                                               (67)            (81)

Profit before taxation                                                                       62            702
Taxation                                                                       6            (93)           (397)

(Loss) profit for the period                                                   7            (31)           305




32 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                          NOTE      RMB million     RMB million

Other comprehensive income (expense) for the period, net of income tax:
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
  Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                         16                1


Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
  Fair value change on equity instruments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                                               –             (12)

Other comprehensive income (expense) for the period                                         16              (11)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period                                         (15)           294

(Loss) profit for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                                   30             400
  – Non-controlling interests                                                               (61)            (95)

                                                                                            (31)           305

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                                   41             388
  – Non-controlling interests                                                               (56)            (94)

                                                                                            (15)           294

                                                                                     RMB cents       RMB cents

Earnings per share                                                         9
  – Basic                                                                                  5.57          75.46
  – Diluted                                                                                5.57          75.46




                                                                                       網龍 INTERIM REPORT     33
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                                 30 June    31 December
                                                                                    2025          2024
                                                                              (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                      NOTES   RMB million    RMB million

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                          10          2,268          2,315
Right-of-use assets                                                    10            360            394
Investment properties                                                                 46             50
Goodwill                                                                             315            312
Intangible assets                                                      10            720            784
Interests in associates and joint ventures                                            63             50
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income                    8               8
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  11            415            516
Loan receivables                                                                      21             29
Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                            14            282            288

                                                                                   4,498          4,746

Current assets
Properties under development                                                          71             70
Properties for sale                                                                  264            272
Inventories                                                            12            216            238
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  11            289            191
Loan receivables                                                                     158            125
Trade receivables                                                      13            447            454
Bills receivables                                                                       –              1
Other receivables, prepayments and deposits                            14            479            469
Tax recoverable                                                                       31             39
Pledged bank deposits                                                              1,646          1,114
Bank deposits with original maturity over three months                               425            215
Cash and cash equivalents                                                          1,701          2,498

                                                                                   5,727          5,686




34 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                AS AT 30 JUNE 2025




                                                          30 June    31 December
                                                             2025           2024
                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                               NOTES   RMB million     RMB million

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                        15          1,271          1,284
Contract liabilities                                          333            454
Lease liabilities                                              54              58
Provisions                                                    114            113
Derivative financial instruments                11              6              21
Bank borrowings                                 16          2,255          1,729
Convertible and exchangeable bonds              17               –           295
Convertible note                                18            415            396
Tax payable                                                    68              64

                                                            4,516          4,414

Net current assets                                          1,211          1,272

Total assets less current liabilities                       5,709          6,018

Non-current liabilities
Other payables                                  15              4               5
Lease liabilities                                              48              71
Deferred tax liabilities                                       70              76

                                                              122            152

Net assets                                                  5,587          5,866

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                   19             39              39
Share premium and reserves                                  5,580          5,788

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                5,619          5,827
Non-controlling interests                                     (32)             39

                                                            5,587          5,866




                                                          網龍 INTERIM REPORT    35
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                             Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                       instruments
                                                                                                                                                                                      at fair value
                                                                                                                                                            Employee                through other
                                                                        Capital                                                      Property Treasury share-based                  comprehensive                                 Non-
                                                 Share       Share redemption Other Capital Statutory                    Dividend revaluation      share compensation Translation           income Retained                  controlling     Total
                                                capital premium reserve reserve reserve reserves                          reserve reserve reserve             reserve reserve               reserve    profits Sub-total interests equity
                                              RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million   RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million      RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million
                                                                        (Note a) (Note b) (Note c)          (Note d)                              (Note e)

At 1 January 2024 (audited)                          39       1,599             9         73         10          833          193          22           (3)            51          (51)            (28)     3,148      5,895         279      6,174

Profit (loss) for the period                          –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –               –            –               –        400        400          (95)     305
Other comprehensive (expense) income
  for the period                                      –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –               –            –             (12)          –       (12)           1       (11)

Total comprehensive (expense) income
  for the period                                      –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –               –            –             (12)       400        388          (94)     294

Acquisition of additional/disposal
   of partial equity interest
   of subsidiaries without losing control             –            –            –          (9)         –           3            –           –           –               –            –               –         22         16          (21)       (5)
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
   payments                                           –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –               8            –               –           –         8           –          8
Disposal of a subsidiary                              –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –               –            –               –           –         –           2          2
Final dividend for 2023 declared                      –            –            –          –           –           –         (193)          –           –               –            –               –           –      (193)          –       (193)
Interim dividend for 2024 proposed                    –         (194)           –          –           –           –          194           –           –               –            –               –           –         –           –          –

At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                          39       1,405             9         64         10          836          194          22           (3)            59          (51)            (40)     3,570      6,114         166      6,280

At 1 January 2025 (audited)                          39       1,159             9       107          10         938          246           22          (3)             51         (35)            (54)      3,338     5,827           39     5,866

Profit (loss) for the period                          –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –               –            –               –         30         30         (61)       (31)
Other comprehensive income
  for the period                                      –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –               –          11                –           –        11           5        16

Total comprehensive income (expense)
  for the period                                      –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –               –          11                –         30         41         (56)       (15)

Acquisition of additional equity interest
   from non-controlling interest                      –            –            –         (1)          –           –            –           –           –               –            –               –           –        (1)          (2)       (3)
Awarded shares vested to employees                    –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           2              (1)           –               –          (1)        –            –         –
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
   payments, net of share options forfeited           –            –            –          –           –           –            –           –           –             (12)           –               –         13          1           7          8
Disposal of subsidiaries                              –            –            –         (3)          –           –            –           –           –               –            –               –          –         (3)        (22)       (25)
Contribution from a non-controlling
   interest                                           –           –             –          –           –           –           –            –           –               –            –               –           –         –           2         2
Final dividend for 2024 declared                      –           –             –          –           –           –        (246)           –           –               –            –               –           –      (246)          –      (246)
Interim dividend for 2025 proposed                    –        (242)            –          –           –           –         242            –           –               –            –               –           –         –           –         –

At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                          39         917             9       103          10         938          242           22          (1)             38         (24)            (54)      3,380     5,619          (32)    5,587




36 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




Notes:


a.       The amount represented the nominal value of the shares repurchased by the Company.


b.       Other reserve represented the difference between the consideration and the carrying amount of net assets value resulting from disposal of
         equity interests in subsidiaries that do not result in loss of control, acquisition of additional equity interests in subsidiaries and contribution
         from non-controlling interests, which are accounted for as equity transactions.


c.       Capital reserve arose on combining the results and financial positions of 福建網龍計算機網絡信息技術有限公司 (Fujian NetDragon
         Websoft Co., Ltd.) using the principles of merger accounting.


d.       As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations for enterprises in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Company’s PRC
         subsidiaries are required to maintain statutory reserves. Appropriation to such reserve is made out of profit after taxation as reflected in the
         statutory financial statements of each of the PRC subsidiaries while the amounts and allocation basis are decided by its board of directors
         annually. The statutory reserves can be used to make up prior year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into capital by means
         of capitalisation issue.


e.       Treasury share reserve comprises the consideration paid for the treasury shares held for the share award scheme, including any attributable
         incremental costs for the purchase of shares under the share award scheme.




                                                                                                                       網龍 INTERIM REPORT               37
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2025           2024
                                                                               (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                               RMB million     RMB million

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
(Loss) profit for the period                                                          (31)           305
Adjustments for:
  Taxation                                                                             93            397
  Interest income on pledged bank deposits, bank balances, loan receivables
     and refundable rental deposits                                                   (33)            (26)
  Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                               (15)            (70)
  Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            6             (77)
  Fair value change in investment properties                                            4              13
  Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                  –            (51)
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                    90              85
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                       101            107
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  40              60
  Impairment loss of intangible assets                                                 92               –
  Interest expense on bank borrowings (included in finance costs)                      18              26
  Interest expense on convertible and exchangeable bonds
     and convertible note (included in finance costs)                                  41              48
  Others                                                                              (20)              5

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                              386            822
Decrease (increase) in trade receivables                                               34             (30)
Decrease in inventories                                                                17            138
Decrease in properties for sale                                                         8               –
Increase in other receivables, prepayments and deposits                               (21)           (175)
Decrease in trade and other payables                                                 (247)           (203)
Decrease in contract liabilities                                                     (120)           (112)
Decrease in provisions                                                                  (3)           (17)

Cash generated from operations                                                         54            423
Interest paid                                                                         (34)            (56)
Income tax paid                                                                       (83)           (108)


NET CASH (USED IN) FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                          (63)           259




38 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                  FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                            (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                  NOTES     RMB million     RMB million

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                          10               (55)            (66)
Placement of bank deposits with original maturity over three months                                (318)           (100)
Withdrawal of bank deposits with original maturity over three months                               108             214
Placement of pledged bank deposits                                                               (1,293)           (310)
Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                                                                761                –
Purchase of intangible assets                                                      10              (341)           (289)
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                                        233             341
Interest received                                                                                   31               27
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                (1,417)        (2,097)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  1,435           2,030
Other investing activities                                                                          (40)              3

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                              (896)           (247)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank borrowings raised                                                         16            1,242             863
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                       16              (706)           (580)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                      (32)            (53)
Dividend paid                                                                                         –             (65)
Redemption of convertible and exchangeable bonds                                   17              (293)              –
Acquisition of partial interest of subsidiaries                                                      (3)              (9)

NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                                 208             156

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                               (751)           168

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD                                             2,498           2,241
EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                                                             (46)            (27)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE PERIOD                                                   1,701           2,382




                                                                                               網龍 INTERIM REPORT     39
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




1. GENERAL INFORMATION

    NetDragon Websoft Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 July 2004 as an
    exempted company with limited liability and its shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
    Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Its immediate and ultimate holding company is DJM Holding Ltd. (“DJM”) and its controlling
    shareholders are Dr. Liu Dejian and Mr. Liu Luyuan (the “Controlling Shareholders”). The address of the registered office
    of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and its
    principal place of business is Units 2001- 05 & 11, 20th Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong
    Kong.


    The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
    referred to as the “Group”) are engaged in (i) gaming and application services; (ii) overseas education business (“Mynd.ai
    business”); and (iii) property development business.


    The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional
    currency of the Company.


2. BASIS OF PREPARATION

    The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
    Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”)
    as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
    Exchange.


3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
    financial instruments and investment properties, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.


    The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the six
    months ended 30 June 2025 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for
    the year ended 31 December 2024.




40 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont’d)

   Application of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards


   In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard issued by
   the HKICPA, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual periods beginning on 1 January 2025
   for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


   Amendments to HKAS 21                                          Lack of Exchangeability


   The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no material
   impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set
   out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.


4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers


   Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers with the amounts disclosed in the segment
   information.


   Types of goods and services


                                                                Six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
                                                      Gaming and
                                                        application            Mynd.ai         Property
                                                               services        business     development              Total
                                                       RMB million         RMB million      RMB million      RMB million

   Revenue from sales of pre-paid game cards
     for online and mobile games                                1,528                   –               –           1,528
   Sales of education equipment and related
     goods                                                          60               622                –             682
   Revenue from educational services                              119                 19                –             138
   Revenue from provision of mobile solution,
     products and marketing services                                31                  –               –               31
   Revenue from property development                                  –                 –              2                 2

                                                                1,738                641               2            2,381




                                                                                               網龍 INTERIM REPORT         41
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Cont’d)


    Types of goods and services (Cont’d)


                                                                 Six months ended 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)
                                                       Gaming and
                                                        application         Mynd.ai           Property
                                                           services         business     development               Total
                                                        RMB million      RMB million      RMB million        RMB million

    Revenue from sales of pre-paid game cards
      for online and mobile games                           1,862                 –                 –            1,862
    Sales of education equipment and related
      goods                                                   129              992                  –            1,121
    Revenue from educational services                           88             188                  –              276
    Revenue from provision of mobile solution,
      products and marketing services                           42                –                 –                42
    Revenue from property development                            –                –                 –                 –

                                                            2,121            1,180                  –            3,301




42 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Cont’d)


   Timing of revenue recognition


                                                           Six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
                                                   Gaming and
                                                     application         Mynd.ai         Property
                                                        services         business    development                Total
                                                    RMB million       RMB million    RMB million      RMB million

   A point in time                                         1,588             622                 2             2,212
   Over time                                                 150               19                –               169

                                                           1,738             641                 2             2,381



                                                               Six months ended 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)
                                                     Gaming and
                                                       application        Mynd.ai          Property
                                                          services        business     development               Total
                                                      RMB million      RMB million     RMB million         RMB million

   A point in time                                         1,991              992                –             2,983
   Over time                                                 130              188                –               318

                                                           2,121           1,180                 –             3,301




                                                                                        網龍 INTERIM REPORT          43
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Cont’d)


    Geographical information


                                                                    Six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
                                                           Gaming and
                                                             application            Mynd.ai            Property
                                                                 services           business      development                   Total
                                                            RMB million         RMB million        RMB million         RMB million

    Mainland China                                                  1,486                     –                  2            1,488
    United States of America (“USA”)                                  205                 453                    –               658
    Europe (Note)                                                         –               154                    –               154
    Singapore                                                             –                 –*                   –                 –*
    Other regions                                                       47                 34                    –                 81

                                                                    1,738                 641                    2            2,381



    * Less than RMB1 million



                                                                        Six months ended 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)
                                                             Gaming and
                                                               application            Mynd.ai             Property
                                                                   services           business       development                 Total
                                                               RMB million        RMB million         RMB million        RMB million

    Mainland China                                                  1,828                    –                   –             1,828
    USA                                                               216                 709                    –               925
    Europe (Note)                                                         –               262                    –               262
    Singapore                                                             –               136                    –               136
    Other regions                                                       77                  73                   –               150

                                                                    2,121               1,180                    –             3,301



    Note: Europe mainly includes Germany, United Kingdom, France, Spain and others. Each of which individually contributed less than 10%
          of total revenue.



44 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

   Segment information


   Information reported to the Group’s chief operating decision makers (“CODM”), being the directors of the Company, for
   the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance, was based on the geographical locations of
   the customers.


   The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:


                                                             Six months ended 30 June 2025 (unaudited)
                                                      Gaming and
                                                       application           Mynd.ai           Property
                                                            services         business development                 Total
                                                      RMB million        RMB million         RMB million    RMB million

   Segment revenue                                            1,738                641                2          2,381

   Segment profit (loss)                                        402               (237)               (7)          158

   Unallocated other income and gains                                                                               29
   Unallocated corporate expenses and losses                                                                      (125)

   Profit before taxation                                                                                           62




                                                                                               網龍 INTERIM REPORT     45
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

    Segment information (Cont’d)


                                                                      Six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
                                                              Gaming and
                                                               application        Mynd.ai           Property
                                                                   services        business    development             Total
                                                               RMB million     RMB million      RMB million     RMB million

    Segment revenue                                                 2,121           1,180                 –          3,301

    Segment profit (loss)                                             758              (71)              (4)            683

    Unallocated other income and gains                                                                                   54
    Unallocated corporate expenses and losses                                                                           (35)

    Profit before taxation                                                                                              702



    The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies.


    Segment profit (loss) represents the profit earned by or loss incurred from each segment without allocation of unallocated
    other income and gains and corporate expenses and losses. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of
    resource allocation and performance assessment.


    All of the segment revenue reported above are from external customers.




46 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




4. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

   Segment information (Cont’d)


   The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets by reportable and operating segments:


                                                                                              30 June            31 December
                                                                                                 2025                    2024
                                                                                         (Unaudited)                  (Audited)
                                                                                        RMB million                RMB million

   Gaming and application services                                                              6,757                   6,340
   Mynd.ai business                                                                             1,598                   1,932
   Property development                                                                            762                    757

   Total segment assets                                                                         9,117                   9,029
   Unallocated                                                                                  1,108                   1,403

                                                                                              10,225                   10,432



   For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources, all assets are allocated to operating
   segments other than those assets managed on group basis, such as certain financial assets at fair value through profit or
   loss (“FVTPL”), certain loan receivables, certain intangible assets, certain pledged bank deposits, certain other receivables,
   prepayments and deposits and certain cash and cash equivalents. No analysis of the Group’s liabilities by operating
   segments is disclosed as they are not regularly provided to the CODM for review.




                                                                                                 網龍 INTERIM REPORT           47
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




5. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, OTHER EXPENSES AND LOSSES

    (a)   Other income and gains


                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)
                                                                                                   RMB million                  RMB million

          Government grants (Note)                                                                              12                        16
          Interest income on bank balances, loan receivables,
            and refundable rental deposits                                                                      21                        26
          Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                                   –                       51
          Net gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                  27                          –
          Others                                                                                                29                        37

                                                                                                                89                      130


          Note: Amounts mainly being (i) granted by the government in the PRC mainly for subsidising the costs incurred by the Group
                in conducting and launching research and development projects in Fujian Province, the PRC, relating to compensation
                for research and development costs already incurred, which amounted to RMB10 million (six months ended 30 June
                2024: RMB12 million) for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and is recognised in profit or loss; and (ii) granted by the
                government in the PRC for the purchase of property, plant and equipment, which is recognised as deferred income and is
                recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the estimated useful life of the property, plant and equipment related
                to the government grants on capital expenditure with an amount of RMB2 million (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB4
                million) for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


    (b)   Other expenses and losses


                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                   (Unaudited)
                                                                                                   RMB million                  RMB million

          Redundancy payments                                                                                 154                         16
          Fair value change in investment properties                                                              4                       13
          Other tax and charges                                                                                 18                        20
          Impairment loss of intangible assets                                                                  92                          –
          Others                                                                                                11                        54

                                                                                                              279                       103



48 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




6. TAXATION

                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                            (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)
                                                                                           RMB million             RMB million


   The tax charge comprises:


   Hong Kong Profits Tax
     – Current period                                                                                   17                 31

   PRC Enterprise Income Tax
     – Current period                                                                                   74                 85
     – Under (over) provision in prior years                                                             3                  (8)
     – Withholding tax                                                                                   2                  –

                                                                                                        79                 77

   Taxation in other jurisdictions
     – Current period                                                                                    2                  2

   Deferred tax
     – Current period                                                                                   (5)              287

                                                                                                        93               397



   The Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules is effective. However, as the Group’s estimated
   effective tax rates of all the jurisdictions in which the Group operates are higher than 15%, after taking into account the
   adjustments under the Global Anti-base Erosion Rules based on management’s best estimate, the management of the Group
   considered the impact is not material.


   During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group had reversed an amount of RMB294 million deferred tax assets due
   to the decline in sales and reduced customer demand in the first six months of 2024 resulting in the uncertainty regarding
   the realisability of such deferred tax assets in a subsidiary of the Group incorporated in the United States.




                                                                                                   網龍 INTERIM REPORT      49
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




7. (LOSS) PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                   (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB million       RMB million

    (Loss) profit for the period has been arrived at after charging (crediting):


    Staff costs:
      Directors’ emoluments                                                                17                 15
      Other staff costs
         Salaries and other benefits                                                      790             1,055
         Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                      73                 97
         Share-based payments expense                                                       7                  8
         Redundancy payments                                                              154                 16

                                                                                        1,041             1,191

    Amortisation of intangible assets                                                      90                  85
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                         101                 107
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                    40                  60

    Total depreciation and amortisation                                                   231                 252

    Cost of goods sold for education equipment and related goods                          484                 805
    Advertising and promotion expenses (included in selling and
      marketing expenses)                                                                 165                 160
    Reversal of impairment of inventories                                                   (8)                 –
    Impairment loss of properties for sale                                                  6                   –
    Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                    –                (51)




50 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




8. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                       (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB million               RMB million


   Dividends recognised as distribution during the period:


   2024 final dividend – Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”) 0.50
     (2024: 2023 final dividend – HKD0.40) per share                                             246                    193



   Subsequent to the end of the current interim period, the directors of the Company have determined that an interim dividend
   of HKD0.50 per share, amounting to HKD266 million (equivalent to RMB242 million), will be paid to the shareholders of
   the Company whose names appear in the register of members on 12 September 2025.


9. EARNINGS PER SHARE

   The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
   following data:


                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                       (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB million               RMB million


   Earnings for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share:
     – Profit for the period attributable to the owners of the Company                             30                   400




                                                                                              網龍 INTERIM REPORT          51
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




9. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Cont’d)

                                                                                               Number of shares
                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                 2025                    2024
                                                                                          (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                                  ‘000                   ‘000

    Weighted average number of shares in issue during the period for the
      purpose of basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share
      (after adjusted for the effect of unvested treasury shares held under
      share award scheme)                                                                      531,133               531,074



    The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s share options as the exercise
    price of these options was higher than the average market price for shares for both periods. Diluted earnings per share
    also do not assume the exercise of the restricted stock units (“RSUs”) granted by Mynd.ai Inc. (“Mynd.ai”), a subsidiary of
    the Company, under the Mynd.ai Equity Incentive Plan (the “Mynd Incentive Plan”) as disclosed in Note 20 (iii), since the
    exercise of the RSUs would result in an increase in earnings per share for both periods.




52 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE
    ASSETS

   During the current interim period, the Group paid approximately RMB55 million (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB66
   million) for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment to expand its operations which mainly included RMB30 million
   (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB20 million) in plant and equipment and RMB18 million (six months ended 30 June
   2024: RMB40 million) in construction in progress.


   During the current interim period, the Group entered into several new lease agreements ranging from 1 to 2 years (six
   months ended 30 June 2024: 2 to 3 years). The Group is required to make fixed monthly payments during the contract
   period. On lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets of RMB8 million (six months ended 30 June
   2024: RMB142 million) and lease liabilities of RMB8 million (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB141 million).


   During the current interim period, the Group paid approximately RMB341 million (six months ended 30 June 2024:
   RMB289 million) for the acquisition of intangible assets, of which an amount of approximately United States dollar (“USD”)
   42 million (equivalent to RMB305 million) (six months ended 30 June 2024: USD33 million (equivalent to RMB234
   million)) was for acquisition of cryptocurrencies. In addition, the Group disposed of certain cryptocurrencies with an
   aggregate carrying amount of USD32 million (equivalent to RMB233 million) (six months ended 30 June 2024: USD41
   million (equivalent to RMB290 million)), resulting in a gain on disposal of less than RMB1 million (six months ended 30 June
   2024: RMB51 million) during the current interim period. During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group performed
   impairment testing with reference to the market price of the corresponding cryptocurrencies as a result of the market turmoil
   of cryptocurrencies indicating that the relevant intangible assets may be impaired and recognised impairment loss of
   approximately RMB92 million (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil).




                                                                                                網龍 INTERIM REPORT           53
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




11. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS/DERIVATIVE
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                  30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                                                                            RMB million             RMB million

    Financial assets at FVTPL
          – Unlisted funds (Note a)                                                                                     377                 479
          – Unlisted equity investments (Note b)                                                                          35                  37
          – Listed securities                                                                                           114                 191
          – Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                            22                    –
          – Structured deposits                                                                                         106                     –
          – Film and program investments                                                                                  50                    –

                                                                                                                        704                 707

    Analysed for financial reporting purpose:
          Non-current                                                                                                   415                 516
          Current                                                                                                       289                 191

                                                                                                                        704                 707

    Derivative financial instruments (under current liabilities)
          – Embedded derivatives in convertible note (defined in Note 18)                                                   6                 21
          – Unlisted warrants (Note c)                                                                                       –                  –

                                                                                                                            6                 21



    Notes:


    (a)       The unlisted funds represent a portfolio of investments managed by fund managers. The portfolio assets are being invested in the
              listed securities or cryptocurrencies, tokens, blockchain-based assets and other digital assets. These investments are not held for
              trading, instead, they are held for long-term purposes. The Group is not expected to realise the funds within twelve months from the
              end of the reporting period. Therefore, the unlisted funds are classified as non-current assets.


    (b)       The unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s investments in equity interests in certain private entities.


    (c)       The unlisted warrants are simultaneously issued with the convertible and exchangeable bonds as detailed in Note 17 and expired
              on 8 March 2025.




54 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




12. INVENTORIES

                                                                                           30 June            31 December
                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                       (Unaudited)                  (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB million                 RMB million

   Finished goods                                                                               216                     238



13. TRADE RECEIVABLES

   The Group generally allows a credit period ranging from 30 days to 60 days to its distribution and payment channels/
   trade customers.


   The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented based on the date of
   delivery of goods/date of rendering of services which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                           30 June            31 December
                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                       (Unaudited)                  (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB million                 RMB million

   0 – 30 days                                                                                  180                     224
   31 – 60 days                                                                                 103                       52
   61 – 90 days                                                                                   10                      26
   Over 90 days                                                                                 154                     152

                                                                                                447                     454




                                                                                             網龍 INTERIM REPORT           55
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




14. OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS

                                                                                                        30 June             31 December
                                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                    (Audited)
                                                                                                   RMB million                 RMB million

    Prepayments to third parties (Note a)                                                                    134                       149
    Refundable rental and guarantee deposits (Note b)                                                          49                       48
    Other receivables from agents for acquisition of cryptocurrencies                                          21                       19
    Contract assets (Note c)                                                                                   18                       22
    Other receivables and deposits                                                                           132                       105
    Other tax recoverable                                                                                      96                       91
    Government grant receivables                                                                               54                       54
    Prepayments for investments (Note d)                                                                     248                       248
    Others                                                                                                       9                      21

                                                                                                             761                       757

    Analysed for financial reporting purpose:
          Non-current                                                                                        282                       288
          Current                                                                                            479                       469

                                                                                                             761                       757



    Notes:


    (a)      The amounts mainly represent prepayments for the operating activities of the Group, such as the purchase of goods and services,
             marketing and design fees and movie productions etc..


    (b)      Included in refundable rental and guarantee deposits as at 30 June 2025 are balances of (i) RMB8 million (31 December 2024:
             RMB8 million) which represents deposits for lease contracts paid to a related company, 福州楊振華 851 生物工程技術研究開發
             有限公司 (Fuzhou Yangzhenhua 851 Bio-Engineering Research Inc.) (“Fuzhou 851”); and (ii) RMB15 million (31 December 2024:
             RMB15 million) which represents deposit for technical support service paid to 褔州天亮網絡技術有限公司 (Fuzhou Tianliang
             Network Technology Co., Limited).




56 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




14. OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS (Cont’d)

   Notes: (Cont’d)


   (c)      The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and not billed because the rights are
            conditional on the Group’s future performance in achieving specified milestones at the reporting date on the provision of mobile
            solution, products and marketing services and retention receivables on education equipment and related goods. The contract assets
            are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.


   (d)      Amounts being prepayments for certain investments whose completions are subject to certain terms and conditions as specified in
            relevant investment agreements. Out of the balance, RMB110 million (31 December 2024: RMB110 million) is non-refundable
            while the rest of the balance is refundable if certain conditions are not fulfilled during the pre-determined periods of time as set out in
            the respective investment agreements.


15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                30 June               31 December
                                                                                                                    2025                       2024
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                       (Audited)
                                                                                                          RMB million                   RMB million

   Trade payables (Note a)                                                                                            338                        382
   Accrued staff costs                                                                                                177                        324
   Deferred income (Note b)                                                                                              7                           9
   Other tax payables                                                                                                  22                          31
   Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                             165                        166
   Consideration payables                                                                                                3                           3
   Accrued expenses                                                                                                   112                        137
   Dividend payable                                                                                                   242                            –
   Others (Note c)                                                                                                    209                        237

                                                                                                                   1,275                       1,289

   Analysed for financial reporting purpose:
         Non-current                                                                                                     4                           5
         Current                                                                                                   1,271                       1,284

                                                                                                                   1,275                       1,289




                                                                                                                  網龍 INTERIM REPORT               57
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Cont’d)

    Notes:


    (a)      The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                              30 June               31 December
                                                                                                                  2025                       2024
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                      (Audited)
                                                                                                         RMB million                   RMB million

             0 – 90 days                                                                                           224                        171
             91 – 180 days                                                                                           50                       142
             181 – 365 days                                                                                          12                           23
             Over 365 days                                                                                           52                           46

                                                                                                                   338                        382



    (b)      The amount represents government grants which are (i) the costs incurred by the Group in conducting and launching research and
             development projects in Fujian Province, the PRC, relating to compensation for future research and development costs; and (ii) the
             costs incurred by the Group for purchasing property, plant and equipment, which will be recognised in profit or loss on a systematic
             basis over the estimated useful life of the property, plant and equipment related to the government grants on capital expenditure.


    (c)      Others mainly represent advertising payables, office and server service expenses payables and other miscellaneous items for
             operating activities.



16. BANK BORROWINGS

    During the current interim period, the Group obtained new bank loans amounted to RMB1,242 million (six months ended
    30 June 2024: RMB863 million), and repaid bank loans amounted to RMB706 million (six months ended 30 June 2024:
    RMB580 million). The bank borrowings as at 30 June 2025 carry interest at (i) one-month Hong Kong Interbank Offered
    Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 2.20% or 2.35% per annum; (ii) Secured Overnight Financing Rate at date of borrowing plus 2.30%;
    (iii) one-year Loan Prime Rate of China less 0.85% to 0.87%; or (iv) interest rate of 0.98% to 3.30% per annum. The
    secured portion of the Group’s borrowings were secured by pledge of certain properties, right-of-use assets and pledged
    bank deposits of the Group, corporate guarantee provided by the Company and corporate guarantee provided by its
    subsidiaries.




58 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




16. BANK BORROWINGS (Cont’d)

   The bank borrowings as at 31 December 2024 carried interest at (i) one-month HIBOR plus 2.20% or 2.35% per annum; (ii)
   three-month Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Rate two business days prior to date of borrowing plus 2.30%; or (iii) interest
   rate of 0.77% to 3.60% per annum. The secured portion of the Group’s borrowings were secured by pledge of certain
   properties, right-of-use assets and pledged bank deposits of the Group, corporate guarantee provided by the Company
   and corporate guarantee provided by its subsidiaries.


17. CONVERTIBLE AND EXCHANGEABLE BONDS

   On 9 March 2020, Best Assistant Education Online Limited (“Best Assistant”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the
   Company, issued convertible and exchangeable bonds with an aggregate principal amount of USD150 million (equivalent
   to RMB1,039 million) to Nurture Education (Cayman) Limited (the “Nurture Education”), an independent third party.
   Simultaneously, the Company issued unlisted warrants to the Nurture Education in March 2020.


   The warrants shall entitle the Nurture Education to subscribe for ordinary shares of the Company. The convertible and
   exchangeable bonds are exercisable at the option of bondholders, in whole or in part and can be exchangeable
   for ordinary shares of Mynd.ai at any time and from time to time during the exchange period. The convertible and
   exchangeable bonds bear interest accruing at a rate of 5.00% per annum on the aggregate principal amount of the
   convertible and exchangeable bonds and will be due on the fifth anniversary from the bond issue date. The convertible
   and exchangeable bonds are denominated in USD. At initial recognition, the convertible and exchangeable option was
   classified as derivative financial instrument. The fair value of the convertible and exchangeable option was insignificant
   and the carrying amount is recognised as nil at initial recognition and at 31 December 2024. The convertible and
   exchangeable option matured on 9 March 2025.


   The effective interest rate of the debt host component is 16.62%. The movement of the debt host component of the
   convertible and exchangeable bonds for the period/year is set out as below:


                                                                                          30 June               31 December
                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                                                                      (Unaudited)                    (Audited)
                                                                                     RMB million                  RMB million

   At 1 January                                                                                295                       256
   Redemption/settlement (Note)                                                                (302)                       (9)
   Interest accrued                                                                                9                       44
   Exchange adjustments                                                                           (2)                       4

                                                                                                   –                     295




                                                                                               網龍 INTERIM REPORT          59
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




17. CONVERTIBLE AND EXCHANGEABLE BONDS (Cont’d)

    Note: During the period ended 30 June 2025, Best Assistant redeemed the remaining principal amount of USD25 million (equivalent to
          RMB179 million) at an aggregate consideration of USD42 million (equivalent to RMB302 million). Aggregate carrying amount
          of redeemed portion is approximately USD42 million (equivalent to RMB302 million). As a result, no loss of redemption of the
          convertible and exchangeable bonds had been recognised in profit or loss during the period ended 30 June 2025. During the
          period ended 30 June 2025, total cash outflows for the redemption payment net of interest prepaid in prior period amounted to
          approximately USD41 million (equivalent to RMB293 million).


18. CONVERTIBLE NOTE

    On 18 April 2023, the Group entered into a merger agreement with Mynd.ai, pursuant to which Mynd.ai would acquire
    100% equity interest of the education business of the Group outside of the PRC, by the issues of 426,422,218 shares of
    new ordinary shares of Mynd.ai as consideration of the transactions (the “Merger”).


    Immediate after the completion of the Merger on 13 December 2023, Mynd.ai issued a senior secured convertible note
    (the “Convertible Note”) in a principal amount of USD65 million (equivalent to RMB461 million) to Nurture Education. The
    Convertible Note bears (i) cash interest at the rate of 5.00% per annum; and (ii) paid-in-kind (“PIK”) interest at the rate of
    5.00% per annum by way of issuing additional number of the Convertible Note equivalent to the PIK interest in the relevant
    year should the pre-determined conditions are fulfilled in the relevant year(s).


    All of the cash interest and PIK interest (if any) is payable semi-annually in June and December of each year. Mynd.ai
    prepaid the cash interest due for the year ended 31 December 2024 at the time of issuance of the Convertible Note. PIK
    interest is payable by issuing additional notes.


    The Convertible Note is denominated in USD.




60 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




18. CONVERTIBLE NOTE (Cont’d)

   Convertible option


   The Convertible Note is a senior secured obligation of Mynd.ai and will mature on 13 December 2028, unless earlier
   redeemed, repurchased or converted. The initial conversion rate per USD1 principal amount of the Convertible Note is
   equal to USD1 divided by 115% of the consideration per ordinary share of the Merger as defined under the Convertible
   Note agreement, or USD2.0226 (the “Initial Conversion Price”). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment under certain
   circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Note. The Convertible Note is convertible at the option of
   the holder at any time until the outstanding principal amount (including any accrued and unpaid interest) has been paid in
   full. Subject to the terms of the Convertible Note, the holder may elect to receive the American Depositary Shares (“ADS”) in
   lieu of the Mynd.ai’s ordinary shares, par value USD0.001 per share upon conversion of the Convertible Note.


   Embedded derivative features of the Convertible Note


   Certain features of the Convertible Note including the conversion option, redemption right at the Mynd.ai’s election, and
   acceleration of amounts due under the Convertible Note upon an event of default require bifurcation and accounted for
   separately as embedded derivatives.


   At initial recognition, the embedded derivative of the Convertible Note was classified as derivative financial instrument (Note
   11). The fair value of the derivative financial instrument was RMB21 million and RMB6 million at 31 December 2024 and
   30 June 2025, respectively.


   The effective interest rate of the debt host component is 15.80%. The movements of the debt host component of the
   Convertible Note for the period/year is set out as below:


                                                                                             30 June               31 December
                                                                                                 2025                      2024
                                                                                        (Unaudited)                     (Audited)
                                                                                        RMB million                  RMB million

   At 1 January                                                                                    396                       357
   Interest accrued                                                                                 32                        57
   Settlement of interest                                                                          (12)                       (24)
   Exchange adjustments                                                                              (1)                        6

                                                                                                   415                       396



                                                                                                  網龍 INTERIM REPORT           61
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




19. SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY

                                                                Number of shares       Nominal value
                                                                                         USD    RMB million


    Authorised:
    Ordinary shares of USD0.01 each
    At 1 January 2024 (audited), 30 June 2024 (unaudited),
      31 December 2024 (audited) and 30 June 2025 (unaudited)     1,000,000,000    10,000,000          76

    Issued and fully paid:
    Ordinary shares of USD0.01 each
    At 1 January 2024 (audited), 30 June 2024 (unaudited),
      31 December 2024 (audited) and 30 June 2025 (unaudited)       531,262,533     5,312,625          39




62 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
  NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS

   (i)   Equity-settled share option scheme


         The Company adopted share option schemes on 12 June 2008 (the “2008 Share Option Scheme”), 24 May 2018
         (the “2018 Share Option Scheme”) and 6 June 2024 (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”). The 2008 Share Option
         Scheme and the 2018 Share Option Scheme were terminated on 24 May 2018 and 6 June 2024 respectively.
         Subject to early termination, the 2024 Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years
         from 6 June 2024. As at 30 June 2025, the outstanding share options under the 2008 Share Option Scheme and
         2018 Share Option Scheme were 100,000 and 4,100,000 respectively. The outstanding share options granted
         under the 2018 Share Option Scheme and the 2008 Share Option Scheme shall remain valid and exercisable
         according to the terms of the schemes. As at 30 June 2025, no share option was granted under the 2024 Share
         Option Scheme. The purpose of the 2024 Share Option Scheme is to provide the eligible participant (“Eligible
         Participant”) as defined in 2024 Share Option Scheme with the opportunity to acquire interests in the Company and
         to encourage the Eligible Participant to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its shares for the
         benefit of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


         The table below discloses movements of the Company’s share options:


                                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                                         share options


         Outstanding as at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                5,600,000
         Forfeited during the period                                                                         (1,400,000)

         Outstanding as at 30 June 2025                                                                      4,200,000



         The Group recognised the total expenses of less than RMB1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six
         months ended 30 June 2025: nil) in relation to share options granted by the Company.




                                                                                            網龍 INTERIM REPORT         63
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)

    (ii)   Share award scheme by the Company


           The Company has adopted a share award scheme (the “2024 Share Award Scheme”) on 6 June 2024 to replace
           the share award scheme adopted on 2 September 2008, whereby eligible participants are conferred rights by the
           Company to be issued or transferred fully-paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (hereinafter referred to
           as the “Award”).


           The total expenses of RMB1 million were recognised by the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six
           months ended 30 June 2024: nil) in relation to the Award.


           Movements in the awarded shares granted during the year ended 31 December 2024 and the six months ended 30
           June 2025 were as follows:


                                                   Outstanding at
                                                        1 January                        Awards
                                                       2024 and          Granted          vested        Forfeited
           Name of category                         31 December           during          during          during    Outstanding at
           of participant     Date of grant                2024        the period      the period      the period   30 June 2025

           Director           2 April 2025                     –       360,000         (120,000)               –       240,000



           The closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted to Dr. Leung Lim Kin,
           Simon on 2 April 2025 was HKD10.48.


           The fair value of the awarded shares granted on 2 April 2025 was HKD4 million.




64 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




20. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Cont’d)

   (iii)   Equity incentive plan of a subsidiary of the Company


           In January 2024, the board of directors of Mynd.ai approved the Mynd Incentive Plan. Under the Mynd Incentive
           Plan, awards may be granted to officers, employees and consultants of Mynd.ai or any of its affiliates in the form of
           stock options, restricted shares, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance stock, performance stock units and other
           awards. The maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares that was initially authorised for issuance under the Mynd
           Incentive Plan is 54,777,338, together with a corresponding number of ADS.


           On 10 April 2024, the board of directors of Mynd.ai awarded RSUs under the Mynd Incentive Plan, representing
           an aggregate of 3,501,350 ADSs, to certain directors, executive officers and employees that vest over specified
           time periods, subject to the recipient’s continued service. As at 30 June 2025, Mynd.ai had outstanding share-based
           awards representing 4,646,774 (30 June 2024: 3,461,171) ADSs.


           During the six months ended 30 June 2025, Mynd.ai recorded share-based compensation expenses of RMB7 million
           (equivalent to USD1 million) (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB8 million (equivalent to USD1 million)) in general
           and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive
           income. As at 30 June 2025, total unrecognised compensation expense related to unvested awards was RMB43
           million (31 December 2024: RMB76 million), which is expected to be recognised over a weighted-average period
           of 1.96 years (31 December 2024: 2.20 years).


21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis


   Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.
   The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and
   inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1
   to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.


   •       Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets
           or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.


   •       Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that
           are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).


   •       Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include the lowest level inputs which
           are significant to the fair value measurement for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data
           (significant unobservable inputs).

                                                                                                          網龍 INTERIM REPORT           65
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
    (Cont’d)


                                            Fair value as at                                                                                              Relationship of
    Financial assets/                     30 June 31 December Fair value Valuation technique(s)                           Significant                     unobservable inputs
    financial liabilities                    2025              2024 hierarchy   and key input(s)                          unobservable input(s)           to fair value
                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                       RMB million     RMB million

    Financial assets
    Equity instruments at fair value             8               8 Level 3      Income approach - in this approach,       Discount rate of 12.64%         The higher the discount rate, the
      through other comprehensive                                                 the discounted cash flow method           (31 December 2024: 12.08%).     lower the fair value.
      income (“FVTOCI”)                                                           was used to capture the present
      – Unlisted equity securities                                                value of the expected future
                                                                                  economic benefits to be derived from
                                                                                  the ownership of this investee, based
                                                                                  on an appropriate discount rate.


    Financial assets at FVTPL                 114              191 Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an active market.    N/A                             N/A
      – Listed securities


    Financial assets at FVTPL                 148              246 Level 2      Price provided by the financial           N/A                             N/A
      – Unlisted funds                                                            institutions with reference to
                                                                                  underlying investment portfolios
                                                                                  which have observable quoted price
                                                                                  in active markets.


    Financial assets at FVTPL                  22              N/A Level 2      Future discounted cash flows are          N/A                             N/A
      – Foreign currency                                                          estimated based on the applicable
        forward contracts                                                         forward foreign exchange rates.




66 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
   (Cont’d)


                                         Fair value as at                                                                                                           Relationship of
   Financial assets/                   30 June 31 December Fair value Valuation technique(s)                              Significant                               unobservable inputs
   financial liabilities                  2025              2024 hierarchy   and key input(s)                             unobservable input(s)                     to fair value
                                    (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                    RMB million     RMB million

   Financial assets (Cont’d)
   Financial assets at FVTPL               106              N/A Level 2      Price provided by the financial              N/A                                       N/A
     – Structured deposits                                                     institutions with reference to foreign
                                                                               currency contracts.


   Financial assets at FVTPL                11               11 Level 3      Binomial valuation model using key           Expected volatility 66.16%                The higher the expected volatility,
     – Unlisted equity investment                                              input: expected volatility.                  (31 December 2024: 69.13%) is             the higher the fair value.
                                                                                                                            estimated based on the historical
                                                                                                                            volatilities of the comparable
                                                                                                                            companies.


   Financial assets at FVTPL                14               16 Level 3      Binomial valuation model using key           Expected volatility 56.41%                The higher the expected volatility,
     – Unlisted equity investment                                              input: expected volatility.                  (31 December 2024: 57.47%) is             the higher the fair value.
                                                                                                                            estimated based on the historical
                                                                                                                            volatilities of the comparable
                                                                                                                            companies.


   Financial assets at FVTPL               229              233 Level 3      Price provided by the general partner        Discount for lack of marketability used   The higher the discount for lack of
     – Unlisted funds                                                          with reference to underlying                 in valuation.                             marketability used in valuation,
                                                                               investment portfolios.                                                                 the lower the fair value.




                                                                                                                                                   網龍 INTERIM REPORT                               67
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
    (Cont’d)


                                     Fair value as at                                                                                           Relationship of
    Financial assets/              30 June 31 December Fair value Valuation technique(s)                           Significant                  unobservable inputs
    financial liabilities             2025              2024 hierarchy   and key input(s)                          unobservable input(s)        to fair value
                                (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                RMB million     RMB million

    Financial assets (Cont’d)
    Financial assets at FVTPL             3             N/A Level 3      Income approach - in this approach,       Discount rate of 13.37%      The higher the discount rate, the
      – Film investment                                                    the discounted cash flow method           (31 December 2024: N/A).     lower the fair value.
                                                                           was used to capture the present
                                                                           value of the expected future
                                                                           economic benefits to be derived from
                                                                           the ownership of this investee, based
                                                                           on an appropriate discount rate.


    Financial assets at FVTPL           11              N/A Level 3      Income approach - in this approach,       Discount rate of 17.14%      The higher the discount rate, the
      – Program investment                                                 the discounted cash flow method           (31 December 2024: N/A).     lower the fair value.
                                                                           was used to capture the present
                                                                           value of the expected future
                                                                           economic benefits to be derived from
                                                                           the ownership of this investee, based
                                                                           on an appropriate discount rate.


    Financial assets at FVTPL           36              N/A Level 3      Income approach - in this approach,       Discount rate of 13.86%      The higher the discount rate, the
      – Film investment                                                    the discounted cash flow method           (31 December 2024: N/A).     lower the fair value.
                                                                           was used to capture the present
                                                                           value of the expected future
                                                                           economic benefits to be derived from
                                                                           the ownership of this investee, based
                                                                           on an appropriate discount rate.




68 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
   (Cont’d)


                                           Fair value as at                                                                                                     Relationship of
   Financial assets/                     30 June 31 December Fair value Valuation technique(s)                        Significant                               unobservable inputs
   financial liabilities                    2025              2024 hierarchy   and key input(s)                       unobservable input(s)                     to fair value
                                      (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                      RMB million     RMB million

   Financial assets (Cont’d)
   Financial assets at FVTPL                  10               10 Level 3      Binomial valuation model using key     Expected volatility 43.05%                The higher the expected volatility,
     – Unlisted equity investment                                                input: expected volatility.            (31 December 2024: 38.76%) is             the higher the fair value.
                                                                                                                        estimated based on the historical
                                                                                                                        volatilities of the comparable
                                                                                                                        companies.

   Financial liabilities
   Derivative financial instruments          N/A                 – Level 3     Binomial valuation model using key     Expected volatility 65.48% at             The higher the expected volatility,
        – Convertible and                                                        input: expected volatility.            31 December 2024 (30 June                 the higher the fair value.
          exchangeable option                                                                                           2025: N/A) was estimated based
                                                                                                                        on the historical volatilities of the
                                                                                                                        comparable companies.


   Derivative financial instruments          N/A                 – Level 3     Binomial valuation model using key     Expected volatility 24.27% at             The higher the expected volatility,
     – Unlisted warrants                                                         input: expected volatility.            31 December 2024 (30 June                 the higher the fair value.
                                                                                                                        2025: N/A) was estimated based
                                                                                                                        on the historical volatilities of the
                                                                                                                        comparable companies.


   Derivative financial instruments             6              21 Level 3      Binomial valuation model using key     Expected volatility 81.00%                The higher the expected volatility,
     – Convertible note                                                          input: expected volatility.            (31 December 2024: 68.00%) is             the higher the fair value.
                                                                                                                        estimated based on the historical
                                                                                                                        volatilities of the comparable
                                                                                                                        companies.




                                                                                                                                                 網龍 INTERIM REPORT                             69
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
    (Cont’d)

    There was no transfer between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during both periods.

    The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities at amortised cost
    recognised in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values at the end of each reporting
    period.


    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets:

                                                                                                  Equity               Financial
                                                                                            instruments                   assets
                                                                                              at FVTOCI                at FVTPL
                                                                                              RMB million             RMB million

    At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                                                         42                    205
    Fair value changes                                                                                 (12)                    53
    Others                                                                                               –                      (4)
    Exchange adjustments                                                                                 –                       1

    At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                         30                    255

    At 1 January 2025 (audited)                                                                          8                   270
    Additions                                                                                            –                    86
    Fair value changes                                                                                   –                   (41)
    Exchange adjustments                                                                                 –                    (1)

    At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                                                          8                   314




70 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements (Cont’d)


   Of the total fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss for the period included in profit or loss,
   RMB41 million loss (six months ended 30 June 2024: a gain of RMB53 million) related to unlisted equity investments,
   unlisted funds and film and program investments held at the end of the current reporting period. Fair value gains or losses
   on financial assets at FVTPL are included in “fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”.

   Included in other comprehensive income is an amount of RMB nil (six months ended 30 June 2024: a loss of RMB12
   million) related to unlisted equity securities held at the end of the current reporting period and is reported as “fair value
   change on equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income”.


   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial liabilities:


                                                                                                                       Derivative
                                                                                                                         financial
                                                                                                                     instruments
                                                                                                                        RMB million

   At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                                                                                  107
   Fair value changes                                                                                                            (70)

   At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                                                   37

   At 1 January 2025 (audited)                                                                                                   21
   Fair value changes                                                                                                           (15)

   At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                                                                                     6



   Of the total fair value change on derivative financial instruments for the period included in profit or loss, RMB15 million
   gain related to convertible notes (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB70 million gain related to convertible notes and
   unlisted warrants) held at 30 June 2025. Fair value gain on derivative financial instruments are included in “fair value
   change on derivative financial instruments”.




                                                                                                    網龍 INTERIM REPORT            71
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




21. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont’d)

    Fair value measurements and valuation process


    The board of directors of the Group has named the finance department, which is headed up by the Interim Chief Financial
    Officer of the Group, to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair value measurements.


    In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
    Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The
    finance department works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and
    inputs to the model. The Interim Chief Financial Officer reports the finance department’s findings to explain the cause of
    fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.


    Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liabilities are
    disclosed above.


22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

    The Group is controlled by the Controlling Shareholders, Dr. Liu Dejian and Mr. Liu Luyuan, who have entered into an
    agreement to collectively govern the financial and operating policies of the Company and various subsidiaries.


    (a)   Related party transactions and balances


          The Group had the following significant related party transactions during the period with certain companies in which
          some directors and shareholders of the Company can exercise significant influence or control:


          Name of related parties                   Relationship

          Fuzhou 851                                DJM, the immediate holding company of the Company, and Dr. Liu Dejian,
                                                       executive director and beneficial owner of the Company, has 100% equity
                                                       interest in this entity.

          福州市言樂文化傳媒有限公司                             Fuzhou Yanle is a joint venture of the Group which the Group holds 30% of the
             (“Fuzhou Yanle”)                          issued share capital in this entity.

          福建省數據治理與數據流通                              Fujian Data is an associate of the Group which the Group holds 19% of the
             工程研究院有限公司                                 issued share capital in this entity.
             (“Fujian Data”)

          福建省國騰信息科技有限公司                             Guoteng is a joint venture of the Group which the Group holds 60% of the
             (“Guoteng”)                               issued share capital in this entity.


72 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (a)   Related party transactions and balances (Continued)


                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June

         Nature of transactions                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                       (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB million               RMB million

         Promotional expense to Fuzhou Yanle                                                       1                      2
         Education management fee to Fujian Data                                                   4                      2
         Technical service fee to Guoteng                                                           –                     1



         As at 30 June 2025, amounts due from joint ventures and associates (included in other receivables, prepayments
         and deposits) are RMB9 million (31 December 2024: RMB10 million). As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December
         2024, the amounts due from joint ventures and associates are not trade in nature, unsecured, non-interest bearing
         and repayable on demand.


         Saved as disclosed above, the Group had continuing connected transactions during the period, including (i) service
         fee paid to Fuzhou 851 of RMB4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
         nil); and (ii) lease agreements entered with Fuzhou 851 with the lease term till 2027 for the use of office premise
         located in the PRC. During the period, the Group have made repayment of the lease liabilities of RMB15 million (six
         months ended 30 June 2024: RMB11 million). As at 30 June 2025, the corresponding carrying amount of the lease
         liabilities is RMB55 million (31 December 2024: RMB70 million).




                                                                                             網龍 INTERIM REPORT          73
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (b)   Compensation of key management personnel


          The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the period was as follows:


                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                      (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB million               RMB million

          Salaries, allowances and other short-term employee benefits                            33                     38
          Share-based payments expense                                                             1                     –

                                                                                                 34                     38



          The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the
          performance of individuals and market trends.


23. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

    At the end of reporting period, the Group had the following capital commitments contracted for but not provided in the
    condensed consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                           30 June           31 December
                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB million               RMB million

    Capital expenditure in respect of:
      – Capital injection in joint ventures                                                      29                     24
      – Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                            115                   118
      – Properties under development projects                                                    29                   374

                                                                                                173                   516




74 INTERIM REPORT 網龍
