   CONTENTS

CORPORATE INFORMATION                       2


CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                        4


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                        6


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS          7

BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
                                           16
  SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                22


REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS           41


REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE        62

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
                                           64
  REPORT

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT               83


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS   89

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE
                                           90
  INCOME

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
                                           91
  POSITION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
                                           93
  EQUITY

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS       94


NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS              96
CORPORATE INFORMATION


Board of Directors                     Strategy Committee
Executive Directors                    Mr. Liu Peichao (Chairman)
                                       Mr. Li Yibin
Mr. Liu Peichao (Chairman)
                                       Mr. Wang Yong
Mr. Wang Yong
Mr. Lang Xulin
                                       Authorised Representatives
Non-Executive Director                 Mr. Lang Xulin
Mr. Jing Liang                         Ms. Ching Shuk Wah Shirley


Independent Non-Executive Directors    Auditors
Mr. Li Yibin                           Ernst & Young
Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan                     Certified Public Accountants
Dr. Hou Lingling                       Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
                                       27/F, One Taikoo Place
Supervisors                            979 King’s Road
                                       Quarry Bay
Ms. Wan Ying (Chairlady)
                                       Hong Kong
Mr. Li Liuwei
Ms. Ma Jingxian
                                       Legal Advisors
Joint Company Secretaries              As to Hong Kong laws:

Mr. Wang Yong
                                       DeHeng Law Offices (Hong Kong) LLP
Ms. Ching Shuk Wah Shirley
                                       28/F, Henley Building
                                       5 Queen’s Road Central
Audit Committee                        Hong Kong
Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan (Chairman)
Mr. Li Yibin                           As to PRC law:
Mr. Jing Liang
                                       AllBright Law Offices (Shenzhen)
                                       21, 22, 23/F, Tower 1, Excellence Century Center
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                                       FuHua 3 Road
Mr. Li Yibin (Chairman)                Futian District, Shenzhen
Dr. Hou Lingling                       PRC
Mr. Wang Yong

                                       Compliance Advisor
Nomination Committee
                                       Guotai Junan Capital Limited
Dr. Hou Lingling (Chairlady)           26/F-28/F, Low Block
Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan                     Grand Millennium Plaza
Mr. Lang Xulin                         181 Queen’s Road Central
                                       Hong Kong



2     ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION


Registered Office and headquarters in                Stock Name
the PRC                                              DOBOT
Room 1003, Building 2
Chongwen Park, Nanshan Smart Park                    Stock Code
No. 3370 Liuxian Avenue
                                                     2432
Fuguang Community, Taoyuan Sub-district
Nanshan District
Shenzhen                                             Company’s Website
PRC                                                  http://www.dobot.cn/
                                                     (with respect to Chinese version)
Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong             http://www.dobot-robots.com/
40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre                      (with respect to English version)
248 Queen‘s Road East
Wan Chai
Hong Kong


Principal Bank
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
The University City Branch
1/F, Building 2, Sangtaidanhua
No. 1 Pingshan Road
Nanshan District
Shenzhen
PRC


Hong Kong H Share Registrar and
Transfer Office
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shop 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai
Hong Kong




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   ｜   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Dear Shareholders,


I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2024 to the shareholders.


Over the past year, the global collaborative robotics industry has continued its steady evolution, with embodied intelligence
emerging as an industry consensus. DOBOT’s dual-wheel drive strategy of “Cobot Intelligent Upgrade + Embodied AI
Robot Innovation” has achieved remarkable progress, enabling us to meet our business targets with strong operational
performance.


STRENGTHENING TECHNOLOGICAL FOUNDATIONS TO ACCELERATE THE
DEVELOPMENT OF GLOBAL MARKETS
DOBOT maintains full-stack in-house R&D in robotics technology, with continuous breakthroughs in core technologies,
including safety systems, operational stability, autonomous mobility, and AI integration. More than 90% of our core
components are self-developed with up to 100% domestic substitution capability. By the end of 2024, we had shipped over
80,000 collaborative robots across over 80 countries and regions, ranking the 1st in China and the 2nd globally.


With expertise accumulated from over 200 industrial application scenarios, DOBOT has accelerated cross-sector deployment
of collaborative robots, achieving significant breakthroughs in commercial and medical fields. Our solutions now span the
global manufacturing, commercial retail, medical surgeries, health rehabilitation, and scientific research and education,
forming a complete “technology-scenario-market” ecosystem.




4     ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                                  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


FOCUSING ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS WITH BREAKTHROUGHS IN EMBODIED
INTELLIGENCE
At DOBOT, our technological leadership is anchored in a unique four-pillar strategic capability system: full-stack self-
developed capabilities, innovative product definition expertise, scalable industrial engineering, and global market networks.


In 2024, we launched DOBOT X-Trainer, Chinese first AI empowered cobot platform, establishing DOBOT as the global
pioneer in commercializing AI-integrated collaborative robots. Built upon high-performance cobots and enhanced by AI
algorithms, the X-Trainer has been deployed at multiple leading manufacturing enterprises.


We further unveiled DOBOT Atom, the world’s first full-size embodied intelligent humanoid robot capable of “dexterous
manipulation+ straight-knee bipedal locomotion”. It not only features human-like dexterous hand manipulation abilities
but also achieves straight- knee walking, realizing high-level coordinated motion control between upper and lower limbs
with industrial-grade operational capabilities. This marks a significant technological breakthrough for the company in the
humanoid robotics field, demonstrating its successful resolution of integrated control challenges spanning from robotic “arms”
to “feet”.


DELIVERING EXCELLENCE THROUGH HIGH-QUALITY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
With a decade of industry expertise and technological innovation, DOBOT has established a comprehensive quality control
system spanning R&D, production, and after-sales service, continuously enhancing market competitiveness. Our rigorous
standards have been validated by leading global customers – over 80 Fortune 500 companies have adopted DOBOT’s
cobots by the end of 2024. We remain unwavering in our commitment to exceptional product performance and quality,
ensuring’reliability, durability and safety’ become every user’s tangible experience.


Moving forward, DOBOT will continue to create tangible value through cutting-edge technology and drive high-quality
growth, thereby fulfilling society’s expectations. With an unyielding spirit, DOBOT will remain dedicated to exploring and
conquering new frontiers in intelligent robotics innovation.




Best regards,
Liu Peichao
Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and General Manager
SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
Shenzhen, the PRC, 24 March 2025




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024     ｜         5
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



                                                               For the year ended 31 December
                                                          2024          2023         2022          2021
                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


RUSULTS
Revenue                                                373,678       286,749       241,013      174,314


Cost of sales                                          (199,699)     (161,905)    (142,796)      (86,234)
Gross profit                                           173,979       124,844        98,217       88,080
Loss before income tax                                  (94,019)      (89,800)     (52,612)      (25,291)
Income tax (expense)/credit                              (1,344)      (13,481)           135     (16,465)


Loss for the year attributable to owners
    of the Company                                      (95,363)     (103,281)     (52,477)      (41,558)


Loss for the year                                       (95,363)     (103,281)     (52,477)      (41,756)


Diluted loss per share (expressed in RMB per share)       (0.26)        (0.29)       (0.15)        (0.13)


                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                          2024          2023         2022          2021
                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Total assets                                          1,495,208      734,888       925,420      665,085
Total liabilities                                      527,919       361,585       470,386      349,434


Total equity                                           967,289       373,303       455,034      315,651




6      ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


I.   BUSINESS REVIEW
     In 2024, the Group steadily advanced the business strategy of “product innovation and marketing”. While continuing
     to invest more in research and development plus marketing, the Group optimized operational efficiency in an all-
     round way, which contributed to a significant improvement in operating loss. The overall revenue of the Group was
     RMB373.7 million, an increase of 30.3% over 2023; the net loss in 2024 was RMB95.4 million, a decrease of 7.6%
     over 2023; and the adjusted net loss in 2024 was RMB36.5 million, a decrease of 55.4% over 2023.


     Being a technology-driven product company, DOBOT achieved leapfrog development in 2024 through the four
     dimensions of technology research and development, product and application innovation, globalization and capital
     operation. Centering on the core strategy of “embodied AI” and leveraging the advantages in technologies, products
     and application scenarios, the Company has been striving to strengthen the digital and intelligent upgrading and
     innovation of the global manufacturing and create new application scenarios in the fields of retail, medical surgeries
     and physiotherapy. Currently, the Company has been a benchmark for “new quality productive forces” in pursuit of
     high-quality development in China.


     1.     Technological breakthroughs and national key R&D projects
            Capitalizing on interdisciplinary self-developed capabilities, the Company has become one of the few players
            with proprietary full-stack technologies in the global cobot industry spanning the entire cobot development
            cycle and covering all key aspects, including cobot design and manufacturing, key components development,
            controller system development, key algorithm formulation and iteration, versatile cobot deployment for
            different tasks, and AI capability development.


            In July 2024, the Company spearheaded a technological breakthrough of “precision assembly of flexible
            connectors”, and launched a solution to the assembly of a vision-guided fingertip-controlled flexible
            connector. The precision assembly of 3C electronic devices at micron level, a major technological breakthrough
            in the automated operation of “robots instead of human”, pushed forward the scale application of robots in
            3C electronics intelligent manufacturing, precision assembly and other fields.


            In November 2024, the national key R&D program project “Multi-Robot Flexible Integrated Manufacturing
            System with Power Battery Group and Application Demonstration” under the “Intelligent Robots” key special
            project, led by the Company, successfully passed its mid-term inspection. The project completed interface
            design and integration testing between unit workstations and production lines, and finalized the design
            schemes for three flexible multi-robot manufacturing production lines for power batteries. The National Key
            R&D Program represents one of China’s highest-level scientific research initiatives, addressing critical core issues
            concerning national strategic needs and socioeconomic development. As at 31 December 2024, the Company
            has led and participated in 2 national key R&D program projects, maintaining its leadership in cutting-edge
            intelligent robotics technology development.


            In 2024, the Company has participated in drafting three national standards for industrial robots and was
            recognized as the “Guangdong Province Single Champion Enterprise of Manufacturing Industry”. As at 31
            December 2024, the Company had a total of 1,067 authorized intellectual property rights, including 709
            invention patents, utility model patents and design patents.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2024      ｜      7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    2.     Product and application innovation and commercialization of embodied AI robots
           As at 31 December 2024, the Company offered a total of 27 cobot models in four series with payload
           capacity ranging from 0.25kg to 20kg. With a comprehensive product matrix designed for a wide range
           of usage scenarios, the Company’s cobots have been extensively used in automotive, 3C electronics, new
           energy, metal processing, food and beverage, healthcare, scientific research and education, retail, agriculture
           and other fields, serving more than 80 Fortune Global 500 companies around the world. This provides key
           support for the digital and intelligent upgrading and innovation of global manufacturing. The Company offers
           safer, intelligent and efficient cobot solutions to industries such as commercial retail, medical surgeries and
           physiotherapy, opening a world of automation where everything collaborates.


           (1)    Six-axis cobots
                  The Company’s CR series of six-axis cobots boast mature applications in industrial scenarios such as
                  palletizing, loading and unloading, disordered sorting, gluing, quality inspection, assembly, handling,
                  PCB insertion, grinding and polishing, and screw locking. Drawing on the CR series’ industry-leading
                  performance and technical support response, the Company is the first in the industry to deliver over
                  200 surgical robots. The Company has established presence in world-renowned medical laboratories
                  and hospital laboratory, serving a variety of physiotherapy and rehabilitation institutions and leading
                  the innovation of medical laboratory automation.


                  Nova, a cobot specially designed for the commercial sector, has advantages of superior performance,
                  ultra-lightweight body design, high-precision long reach, convenience of no-threshold operation, and
                  multiple safety protection measures. Tailored to the application needs of commercial scenarios, Nova
                  is widely used in physiotherapy, catering, retail, hotels, ports and airports, public services, and other
                  fields.


                  The Company has delivered a batch of Nova cobots for integrating customers’ moxibustion and
                  massage workstations. The workstations not only reduce the reliance on traditional physiotherapists,
                  but also considerably improve the quality and efficiency of physiotherapy services with the intelligent
                  human-robot interaction technology and safety technology, as well as the ±0.05mm industrial-grade
                  repeatable positioning accuracy and 850mm working radius.


           (2)    Four-axis cobots
                  The Company’s four-axis cobots include the M1 and MG series for manufacturing and the Magician
                  series for scientific research and education. By dint of its accurate positioning, efficient operation and
                  high cost-effective advantages, the Company’s four-axis cobots have set up a technology benchmark
                  for domestic four-axis cobots. Covering the two core scenarios of manufacturing and scientific research
                  and education, the Company’s four-axis cobots have been widely used in 3C electronics, automotive
                  parts, medical and healthcare, packaging and logistics, and other sectors, and won the trust and praise
                  of numerous customers.




8   ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     (3)    Integrated cobots
            The Company’s integrated cobots include palletizing cobots for the industrial sector, vocational
            training cobots for the scientific research and education sector, and robot coffee workstations for the
            commercial retail sector.


            In May 2024, the Company officially debuted the DOBOT Coffee making cobots, which automates
            the entire process from scanning Quick Response Code to place orders to getting coffee based on
            integrating high-precision cobots with the advanced AI technology. The coffee station operates flexibly
            even in confined spaces and supports 24-hour continuous production, doubling the business value for
            retail merchants.


     (4)    X-Trainer: An Embodied AI Cobot
            In April 2024, the Company launched X-Trainer, the industry’s first AI-empowered cobot platform. Built
            upon high-performance cobots, this innovation breaks through the integration of cobot technology
            with multimodal perception, embodied data, and end-to-end models. By adopting an “imitation
            learning strategy”, X-Trainer enhances robotic autonomous learning and operational efficiency,
            achieving seamless integration of vision, auditory, cognition, and action. This empowers AI cobots with
            “high-level intelligence”, enabling them to perform diverse tasks with greater efficiency and precision.
            Through AI-driven models, X-Trainer realizes autonomous task execution and has been deployed in
            manufacturing, scientific research, and education, becoming the world’s first commercialized AI cobot.


3.   Globalization
     The Company has established global presence in the cobot field and sold to more than 80 countries and
     regions with cumulative cobots over 80,000 units. The Company has set up subsidiaries and localized teams
     in the US, Germany and Japan to penetrate international markets. Relying on the full life-cycle service team
     composed of local engineers and business elites, the Company deeply understands the local market demand,
     and provides timely and efficient technical support and after-sales services. The Company constructs a full
     chain of localized operation system from pre-sales consultation to after-sales support, to improve delivery
     efficiency with local warehouses. These initiatives not only consolidate the Company’s leadership in the global
     cobot field, but also lay a solid foundation for the Company’s sustainable development and global market
     expansion.


4.   Capital market milestone
     On 23 December 2024, the Company was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) as the “first cobot company in China”, becoming the third specialized
     technology company listed on the Stock Exchange under Chapter 18C of the Rules Governing the Listing of
     Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024     ｜      9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




             The net proceeds from the financing will be used for the research and development of cutting-edge
             technologies of intelligent cobots, upgrading of production lines and manufacturing capabilities, strategic
             alliances, investment and acquisition opportunities, and building of overseas sales channels as well as working
             capital and other general purposes.


II.   OUTLOOK
      We will expand the intelligent presence of cobots with the dual-wheel drive of “Cobot Intelligent Upgrade +
      Embodied AI Robot Innovation”. On this basis, we will strategically push forward embodied AI robot innovation to
      build a new paradigm of human-robot collaboration. Specifically, we will focus on the following:


      1.     Enhancing Technological R&D and Product Innovation
             Focusing on the core characteristics of cobots – safety, user-friendliness, adaptability, and ecosystem
             compatibility – we will intensify efforts in advancing technological research and product innovation. Safety,
             as the foundation for human-robot collaboration, will be ensured through continuous improvements in vision
             sensor technology, force feedback control systems, and emergency stop mechanisms. For ease of use, we
             adopt modular designs enabling “plug-and-play” rapid deployment, coupled with intuitive user interfaces to
             reduce user’s learning costs and minimize training requirements for non-specialists. Adaptability is reflected
             in the robots’ ability to adapt to multiple working scenarios, which drive us to continuously refine mechanical
             structure designs, allowing robots to handle more complex tasks. Meanwhile, we are committed to building
             an open ecosystem that promotes compatibility and collaboration across brands, technologies, and equipment,
             maximizing the resource utilization. To further promote industry development, we will focus on optimizing
             the performance of core components such as servo motors, reducers, and controllers, aiming to reduce costs
             and improve efficiency. Additionally, by integrating artificial intelligence (AI) technology, we will enhance the
             intelligence level of robots, allowing them to have better ability to learning and making decisions. Responding
             to changes in market demands, we will launch robots products with higher payload capacities and faster task
             cycles, so as to cater to diversified demands from industries of industrial manufacturing, smart logistics and
             healthcare. These initiatives will not only promote the advancement of robotic technologies but also deliver
             enhanced productivity and superior user experiences across sectors.


      2.     Deepening overseas presence
             The Company will intensify its efforts in overseas markets by expanding and deepening its global sales
             network, to further expand and consolidate its international business landscape. For this purpose, we will
             prioritize strengthening strategic cooperation with quality distributors, particularly in key overseas markets,
             and establish solid partnerships with them, to enhance market penetration and brand recognition. Meanwhile,
             we will further strengthen the operational capabilities of our localized teams and cultivate professionals with
             international perspectives, to familiarize themselves with the unique needs and cultural differences of each
             regional market. Furthermore, we will carry out online and offline marketing activities. Combining these
             activities with digital means and innovative communication methods, we will convey the brand’s core values
             and technological advantages to the global user community for greater international influence.




10    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




       3.      Comprehensive Strategic Layout of Embodied AI Robots
               With the rapid advancement of artificial intelligence (AI) technology, major global economies have introduced
               policies to drive progress in embodied intelligence. On 5 March 2025, China for the first time included
               “embodied intelligence and intelligent robots” in the Government Work Report, marking these fields as
               key national strategic priorities. Concurrently, technology companies are intensifying investments and R&D
               efforts in embodied AI to secure leadership in cutting-edge technologies. Leveraging its deep expertise in
               collaborative robotics and diverse application scenarios, the Company will implement a comprehensive strategy
               encompassing the core technologies of Embodied AI robots – “Cognitive AI System (Brain) + Motion Control
               Module (Cerebellum) + Physical Embodiment” – to achieve: Precise Environmental Perception and Mapping,
               Autonomous Decision-Making, Adaptive Learning & Evolution. Also, we will keep learning from actual
               interactive experience and make progress, addressing growing diversified needs across industrial and consumer
               domains and delivering more efficient and intelligent services to the social community.


III.   FINANCIAL REVIEW
       Operating results
       In 2024, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB373.7 million, representing an increase of 30.3% as compared
       to RMB286.7 million in 2023, primarily due to the increase in sales volume of six-axis cobots and integrated cobots
       driven by the increasing demand from industries of manufacturing, retail, healthcare, STEAM education and scientific
       research.


       Revenue from principal business
       The following table illustrates the details of sales by products of the Group for the two years ended 31 December
       2024 and 31 December 2023 respectively:


                                                                    2024                                 2023
                                                            RMB’000         % of Total           RMB’000        % of Total


       – Six-axis cobots                                    208,888                55.9           134,299               46.8
       – Four-axis cobots                                     95,837               25.7            99,523               34.7
       – Integrated cobots                                    56,547               15.1            34,306               12.0
       – Others                                               12,406                3.3            18,621                6.5


       Total                                                373,678               100.0           286,749           100.0




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   ｜     11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Revenue from sales of six-axis cobots
     For the Year, the Group’s revenue from sales of six-axis cobots was approximately RMB208.9 million (2023: RMB134.3
     million), representing an increase of approximately 55.5% as compared to the previous year. On one hand, the
     increase was a result of the increasing demand for our cobot in applications across industries of manufacturing, retail,
     healthcare, STEAM education and scientific research. On the other hand, we continued to launch new six-axis robots,
     enriching our product matrix and expanding respective robot functions and usage applications.


     Revenue from sales of four-axis cobots
     For the Year, the Group’s revenue from sales of four-axis cobots was approximately RMB95.8 million (2023: RMB99.5
     million), representing a decrease of approximately 3.7% as compared to the previous year due to our strategic
     adjustment of product portfolio for STEAM education to six-axis cobots.


     Revenue from sales of integrated cobots
     For the Year, the Group’s revenue from sales of integrated cobots was approximately RMB56.5 million (2023:
     RMB34.3 million), representing an increase of approximately 64.7% as compared to the previous year as a result of
     the increased sales in integrated cobot of palletizing and welding for manufacturing, and autonomous coffee station
     for retail business.


     Revenue from the sales of products by application settings
                                                                  2024                                 2023
                                                         RMB’000          % of Total           RMB’000           % of Total


     Industrial                                           199,989                53.7           151,181               52.9
     Education                                            146,509                39.4           122,384               42.8
     Commercial                                            25,577                 6.9            12,106                 4.3


     Total                                                372,075               100.0           285,671              100.0


     Revenue in industrial settings
     Our revenue from industrial settings increased by 32.3% from RMB151.2 million in 2023 to RMB200.0 million in
     2024, primarily due to the increase in sales volume of cobots for industrial settings driven by the steady increase in
     demand from our targeted markets and customers, as well as the continual enhancements in the functions and use
     cases of our cobots.




12   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Revenue in education settings
Our revenue from education settings increased by 19.7% from RMB122.4 million in 2023 to RMB146.5 million in
2024, primarily due to the increase in sales volume of cobots for education settings including six-axis cobot for STEAM
education launched in 2023, as we further improved our market penetration to with relevant products.


Revenue in commercial settings
Our revenue from commercial settings increased by 111.6% from RMB12.1 million in 2023 to RMB25.6 million in
2024, primarily due to the launch of new products, such as autonomous coffee station, and the increase in the sales
volume of cobots for commercial settings as we secured more contracts from the food and beverage market.


Gross profit and gross profit margin
In 2024, the gross profit of the Group amounted to RMB174.0 million, representing an increase of 39.4% as
compared to RMB124.8 million in 2023. The gross profit margin was 46.6% in 2024, representing an increase of
3.1 percentage points as compared to 43.5% in 2023. Without considering the impact of write-down of inventories
recorded in cost of sales, the gross profit margin remained stable at 49.5% in 2024.


Cost of sales
For the Year, the Group’s cost of sales was approximately RMB199.7 million (2023: RMB161.9 million), representing
an increase of approximately 23.3% as compared to the previous year, mainly due to the increase of the sales volume
of our six-axis cobots and integrated cobots.


Capital expenditures
During the Year, the Group’s capital expenditures were approximately RMB14.6 million (2023: RMB82.9 million),
representing a decrease of approximately 82.4% as compared to the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to
the acquisition of Qingdao production facility in 2023.


Other income and gains
During the Year, the Group’s other income and gains were approximately RMB41.3 million (2023: RMB43.8 million),
representing a decrease of approximately 5.7% as compared to the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to
the decrease in investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit and loss.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024    ｜    13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Selling and distribution expenses
     For the Year, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses were approximately RMB138.0 million (2023: RMB127.4
     million), representing an increase of approximately 8.3% as compared to the previous year. The increase was mainly
     due to the increased compensation to sales personnel and technical engineers as we strengthened our localization
     sales strategy in overseas markets.


     Administrative expenses
     In 2024, the administrative expenses of the Group increased by 67.2% to RMB88.8 million from RMB53.1 million in
     2023, primarily due to the listing expense of RMB32.6 million occurred in 2024.


     Research and development expenses
     The Group’s research and development expenses were approximately RMB71.8 million during the Year (2023:
     RMB70.5 million), representing an increase of approximately 1.8% as compared to the previous year. The slight
     increase in R&D expenses was the net result of the increased efficiency in the research and development of
     collaborative robots and new investment in embodied AI robots.


     Financial costs
     During the Year, the Group’s financial costs remained stable at RMB1.8 million in 2024 (2023: RMB2.0 million).
     Financial costs primarily comprised interest on bank borrowings, and interest on lease liabilities.


     Income tax expenses
     The income tax expense decreased from RMB13.5 million in 2023 to RMB1.3 million in 2024, mainly due to the
     subsidiary’s tax obligations arising from government subsidies in 2023.


     Net loss
     For the Year, the Group’s net loss was approximately RMB95.4 million (2023: RMB103.3 million), representing a
     decrease of approximately 7.6% as compared to the previous year.




14   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Non-IFRS measure
To supplement our consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance with the IFRSs, we also
use adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as additional financial measure, which is not required by, or presented in
accordance with, the IFRSs. We believe that such non-IFRS measure facilitate comparisons of operating performance
from period to period and company to company by eliminating potential impacts of certain items and provides useful
information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the
same manner as they help our management. However, our presentation of adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) may
not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of such non-IFRS measure has
limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider them in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of,
our results of operations or financial condition as reported under the IFRSs.


We define adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as loss for the Year adjusted for share-based payments expenses
and listing expenses. Listing expenses are related to the global offering. Share-based payment expenses are non-cash
expenses arising from granting restricted share units and options to senior management and employees. The following
table sets out a reconciliation from adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) to loss for the Year which is presented in
accordance with the IFRSs.


                                                                                          2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


Loss for the Year                                                                      (95,363)              (103,281)
Add:
– Share-based payment expenses                                                          26,356                 21,464
– Listing expenses                                                                      32,554                        –
Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                   (36,453)               (81,817)


Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) loss for the Year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted
to RMB36.5 million, representing a decrease of 55.4% as compared to RMB81.8 million in 2023 resulted from the
increase in revenue and operating efficiency.


Financial condition
Shareholders’ equity increased from RMB373.3 million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB967.3 million as at 31
December 2024, mainly due to the combined effect of the loss of RMB95.4 million in 2024, the increase of RMB662.8
million in share capital and share premium due to the initial public offering in 2024, and share based payment of
RMB26.4 million in 2024.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024     ｜     15
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS,
SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Liu Peichao (劉培超) (“Mr. Liu”), aged 38, is our chairman of the Board, executive Director and general manager of our
Company, and was appointed as an executive Director and general manager of our Company in July 2015. Mr. Liu is primarily
responsible for the overall strategic planning, business direction and management of our Group. Mr. Liu has also served as a
director in certain subsidiaries of our Company.


Mr. Liu has ten years of experience in the robot industry.


Mr. Liu was awarded the Shenzhen New Industry Leader (深圳行業領袖新青年) by the Shenzhen General Chamber of
Commerce (深圳市工商業聯合會(總商會)) in September 2022, the China Youth Entrepreneurship Award (中國青年創業獎)
by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會
保障部) in November 2021 and the Shenzhen Municipal Leading Talent (深圳市地方級領軍人才) by the Shenzhen Municipal
Government in July 2020. He was selected as one of the 2019 Shenzhen Top 10 Small and Medium-sized Enterprise
Entrepreneurial Talents by the Shenzhen Small and Medium-sized Enterprises Development Promotion Association (深圳市中
小企業發展促進會) in November 2019, and the Technological Innovation and Entrepreneurial Talents of the Innovation Talent
Advancement Program (創新人才推進計劃科技創新創業人才) by the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People’s
Republic of China (中華人民共和國科學技術部) in June 2019.


Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree in mechanical design & manufacturing and automation from Shandong University (山
東大學) in the PRC in June 2011. Mr. Liu further obtained a master’s degree in mechanical engineering from Shandong
University in June 2014.


Mr. Wang Yong (王勇) (“Mr. Wang”), aged 45, is our executive Director, chief financial officer, Board secretary and joint
company secretary. Mr. Wang joined our Company in August 2022 and was appointed as an executive Director in December
2022. Mr. Wang is primarily responsible for the overall strategic planning, Board and capital market, financial and accounting
affairs of our Group.


Mr. Wang has more than 23 years of experience in corporate governance and finance. Prior to joining our Company, from
October 2014 to August 2021, Mr. Wang successively served as a vice general manager, board secretary and chief financial
officer in Antel Intelligent Technology Corp., Ltd. (深圳市道通科技股份有限公司), whose shares are listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (stock code: 688208). From September 2002 to September 2014, Mr. Wang successively served as an
auditor, senior auditor, manager and senior manager in Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP (安永華明會計師事務所(特殊普通合夥)).
During his employment in Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, from October 2007 to March 2009, Mr. Wang participated in Ernst
& Young’s global exchange program and worked at Ernst & Young’s Milwaukee office in the United States. From July 2001
to September 2002, Mr. Wang served as a financial accountant in Shenzhen SDG Information Co., Ltd. (深圳市特發信息股份
有限公司), whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000070).


Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in investment economics from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics
(西南財經大學) in July 2001.




16    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Lang Xulin (郎需林) (“Mr. Lang”), aged 36, is our executive Director and chief scientist. Mr. Lang joined our Company
in July 2015 and was appointed as an executive Director in September 2016. Mr. Lang is primarily responsible for the overall
strategic planning, business direction, R&D and management of our Group. Mr. Lang has also served as a director in certain
subsidiaries of our Company.


Mr. Lang has more than ten years of experience in the robot industry. Prior to founding our Company with Mr. Liu, from July
2014 to July 2015, Mr. Lang served as an engineer in Shenzhen Inovance Technology Co., Ltd. (深圳市匯川技術股份有限公司),
whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300124).


Mr. Lang obtained a bachelor’s degree in mechanical design & manufacturing and automation from Shandong University in
the PRC in June 2011. Mr. Lang obtained a master’s degree in mechanical design and theories from Shandong University in
June 2014.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Jing Liang (景亮) (“Mr. Jing”), aged 45, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Jing was assigned by Qianhai Equity Investment
Fund (Limited Partnership) (前海股權投資基金(有限合夥)) to join our Company as a non-executive Director in April 2020. Mr.
Jing is primarily responsible for providing guidance on overall strategic planning, corporate governance and business direction
of our Group.


Mr. Jing has worked in Qianhai Fangzhou Asset Management Co., Ltd. (前海方舟資產管理有限公司), Shenzhen Oriental
Fortune Capital Co., Ltd. (深圳市東方富海投資管理有限公司) and China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. (南方基金管
理有限公司).


Mr. Jing obtained a master’s degree in finance and management from Loughborough University in England, the United
Kingdom in December 2009.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024     ｜    17
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Li Yibin (李貽斌) (“Mr. Li”), aged 64, is an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Li joined our Company in December
2022 and was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in December 2022. Mr. Li is primarily responsible for
providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group.


Mr. Li has served as (i) an independent director in Siasun Robot & Automation Co., Ltd. (瀋陽新松機器人自動化股份有限公司),
a limited liability company engaging in robotics and automation equipment, whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange (stock code: 300024), since January 2022, (ii) an independent director in CITIC Heavy Industries Co. Ltd. (中信重
工機械股份有限公司), a limited liability company engaging in heavy mechanical equipment business, whose shares are listed
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601608), since November 2020, (iii) the chairman of the supervisory committee
in Shandong Desheng Robot Co., Ltd. (山東德晟機器人股份有限公司), a limited liability company engaging in intelligent
equipment and systems business, since June 2018, and (iv) a supervisor in Shandong Youbaote Intelligent Robotics Co., Ltd. (山
東優寶特智能機器人有限公司), a limited liability company engaging in bionic family service robots and mine informatization
business, since January 2014. From September 2019 to February 2023, Mr. Li served as an independent director in Cosonic
Intelligent Technologies Co., Ltd. (佳禾智慧科技股份有限公司), a limited liability company engaging in smart electroacoustic
products and smart wearable products business whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code:
300793). Furthermore, Mr. Li has served as a professor in Shandong University since September 2003. Prior to that, from
August 1982 to July 2003, Mr. Li successively served as a lecturer, vice professor and professor in Shandong University of
Science and Technology (山東科技大學) (formerly known as the Shandong Institute of Mining and Technology (山東礦業學
院)).


Mr. Li has been serving as the president of the council of Shandong Automation Society (山東省自動化學會) since July 2018.


Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in industrial automation from Tianjin University (天津大學) in the PRC in July 1982. Mr. Li
obtained a master’s degree in mining electrification and automation from Shandong University of Science and Technology (山
東科技大學) (formerly known as the Shandong Institute of Mining and Technology (山東礦業學院)) in July 1990.




18     ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan (吳浩雲) (“Mr. Ng”), aged 48, is an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Ng joined our Company
in May 2024 and was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in May 2024. Mr. Ng is primarily responsible for
providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group.


Mr. Ng has served as (1) an independent non-executive director in Cheshi Technology Inc. (車市科技有限公司), whose shares
are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1490), since December 2020, (2) an independent non-executive director in HM
International Holdings Limited, whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8416), since December 2016, and
(3) the managing director in Jack H.W. Ng CPA Limited (吳浩雲會計師行有限公司) since June 2013. Prior to that, from June
2018 to July 2021, Mr. Ng served as an independent non-executive director in Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company
Limited (浙江蒼南儀錶集團股份有限公司), whose shares were previously listed on the Stock Exchange. From March 2001 to
October 2012, Mr. Ng worked in KPMG in Hong Kong with the last position as partner. From September 1997 to February
2001, Mr. Ng worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in Canada.


Mr. Ng obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Simon Fraser University in Canada in May 2000. In
addition, Mr. Ng has obtained the qualification of (1) Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) accredited by CFA Institute since
September 2007, (2) Certified Information Systems Auditor accredited by the Information Systems Audit and Control
Association since January 2007, (3) Financial Risk Manager accredited by the Global Association of Risk Professionals since
November 2004, (4) Certified Public Accountant of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since September
2003, and (5) Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA, CA) accredited by the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada
since February 2001.


Dr. Hou Lingling (侯玲玲) (“Dr. Hou”), aged 49, is an independent non-executive Director. Dr. Hou joined our Company
in December 2022 and was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in December 2022. Dr. Hou is primarily
responsible for providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group.


Dr. Hou has served as an arbitrator of Dongguan Arbitration Commission (東莞仲裁委員會) since April 2022 and Shenzhen
Court of International Arbitration (深圳國際仲裁院) (also known as South China International Economics and Trade
Arbitration Commission (華南國際經濟貿易仲裁委員會), Greater Bay Area International Arbitration Centre (粵港澳大灣區國
際仲裁中心) and Shenzhen Arbitration Commission (深圳仲裁委員會)) since February 2019. Dr. Hou has successively served
as an associate professor and professor in the Law School of Shenzhen University (深圳大學法學院). Prior to that, Dr. Hou
served as a lecturer in the Law School of South China University of Technology (華南理工大學法學院) from December 2006
to May 2008.


Dr. Hou obtained a bachelor’s degree in economic law from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中南財經政法大
學) (formerly known as Zhongnan Institute of Economics and Law (中南政法學院)) in the PRC in June 1997 and a master’s
degree in economic law from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law in June 2000. Dr. Hou also obtained a doctor’s
degree in international trade from Hunan University (湖南大學) in June 2006.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    ｜    19
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SUPERVISORS
Ms. Wan Ying (萬穎) (“Ms. Wan”), aged 37, is the administrative manager and the chairlady of the Supervisory Committee.
Ms.Wan joined our Company in March 2017 as an administrative supervisor and was appointed as the chairlady of the
Supervisory Committee in January 2021. Ms. Wan is responsible for supervising the performance of duties by our Directors
and members of the senior management of our Group.


Prior to joining our Company, from March 2014 to March 2017, Ms. Wan served as a human resource and administrative
supervisor in Ningbo Zhongsheng Information Technology Co., Ltd. (寧波中晟信息科技有限公司).


Ms. Wan obtained college diploma in administrative management from Wuhan University (武漢大學) in the PRC in December
2012. Ms. Wan also obtained a bachelor’s degree in human resource management from Shandong University in June 2021.


Mr. Li Liuwei (李劉偉) (“Mr. Li”), aged 42, is the quality director, and a Supervisor of our Company. Mr. Li joined
our Company in July 2017 and was appointed as a Supervisor in January 2021. Mr. Li is responsible for supervising the
performance of duties by our Directors and members of the senior management of our Group. In addition, Mr. Li is
a supervisor of one of our subsidiaries. Prior to joining our Company, from May 2013 to July 2017, Mr. Li served as a
commercial manager of global sales business platforms in Shenzhen Gongjin Electronics Co., Ltd. (深圳市共進電子股份
有限公司), a limited liability company engaging in the research, development, manufacturing and sales of communication
products, advanced mobile communication equipment and application products, whose shares are listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (stock code: 603118). From March 2011 to May 2013, Mr. Li served as a quality control supervisor in Siemens
Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Co., Ltd. (西門子(深圳)磁共振有限公司), a limited liability company engaging in the R&D and
production of MRI systems, angiography systems and medical electronic components. From March 2005 to March 2011, Mr.
Li served as a quality supervisor in Epson Engineering (Shenzhen) Ltd. (愛普生技術(深圳)有限公司).


Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in electronic information engineering from Hubei University of Technology (湖北工業大學)
in June 2004.


Ms. Ma Jingxian (馬靜嫻) (“Ms. Ma”), aged 40, is a Supervisor of our Company. Ms. Ma was assigned by Internet
Investment to join our Company as a Supervisor in May 2023. Ms. Ma is responsible for supervising the performance of
duties by our Directors and members of the senior management of our Group.


Ms. Ma has served as a supervisor in SEMI-TECH Co., Ltd. (賽美特信息集團股份有限公司), a limited liability company
engaging in Internet information service business since May 2023, and a director in Luculent Smart Technologies Co., Ltd. (朗
坤智慧科技股份有限公司), a limited liability company engaging in software development, system integration, management
consulting and Internet information service business since January 2021. In addition, Ms. Ma has served as an investment
manager in China Internet Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) since November 2017. She had once worked in Skandia-
BSM Life Insurance Company Ltd. (瑞泰人壽保險有限公司), Three Gorges Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. (三峽資本控股有限責任
公司), and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.


Ms. Ma obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Hohai University (河海大學) in the PRC in June 2006 and a master’s
degree in accounting from Beijing Jiaotong University (北京交通大學) in the PRC in July 2008.




20    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Liu Peichao (劉培超) is our chairman of the Board, executive Director and general manager of our Company. For further
biographic details of Mr. Liu, please refer to “Executive Directors” in this section.


Mr. Wang Yong (王勇) is our chief financial officer, executive Director, Board secretary and joint company secretary of the
Company. For further biographic details of Mr. Wang, please refer to “Executive Directors” in this section.


Mr. Liu Zhufu (劉主福), aged 36, is our deputy general manager. Mr. Liu Zhufu joined our Company in December 2015 and
successively served as the R&D director, industry development director and general manager of industrial department. Mr.
Liu Zhufu is responsible for the management of the domestic industrial department. Prior to joining us, Mr. Liu Zhufu served
as a control algorithm engineer in Hedy Medical Device Company Limited (廣州七喜醫療設備有限公司), a limited liability
company engaging in the medical equipment business. Mr. Liu Zhufu also worked in Guangzhou ZHIYUAN Electronics Co.,
Ltd. (廣州致遠電子有限公司), an industrial Internet product and solution provider.


Mr. Liu Zhufu obtained a bachelor’s degree in automation from Shandong University in June 2011.


Mr. Jiang Yu (姜宇), aged 40, is our deputy general manager. Mr. Jiang joined our Company in August 2017 and
successively served as a deputy R&D director, supply chain director and R&D director. Mr. Jiang is responsible for the
management of the R&D department and procurement department.


Prior to joining us, from July 2012 to August 2017, Mr. Jiang successively served as a hardware engineer, project manager,
product manager and senior hardware engineer in Shanghai STEP Electric Corporation (上海新時達電氣股份有限公司), a
limited liability company engaging in the provision of comprehensive solutions for intelligent manufacturing, whose shares
are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002527).


Mr. Jiang obtained a bachelor’s degree in mechanical design, manufacturing and automation from Hunan University of
Technology (湖南工業大學) in the PRC in June 2009 and a master’s degree in mechanical engineering from Shandong
University in June 2012.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Wang Yong (王勇) is the joint company secretary (“Joint Company Secretaries”) of the Company. For further
biographic details of Mr. Wang, please refer to “Executive Directors” in this section.


Ms. Ching Shuk Wah Shirley (程淑華), aged 52, is our joint company secretary. Ms. Ching joined SWCS Corporate Services
Group (Hong Kong) Limited (“SWCS”), a corporate service provider, in January 2020 and is currently an assistant manager of
SWCS, responsible for assisting in providing company secretarial services.


Ms. Ching obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Western Sydney in Australia in
November 2004 and a master degree in corporate governance from the Hong Kong Metropolitan University (formerly known
as The Open University of Hong Kong) in November 2020. Ms. Ching is a Chartered Secretary and a Chartered Governance
Professional of The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom. Ms. Ching is also an Associate of The Hong Kong
Institute of Chartered Secretaries.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   ｜   21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board hereby presents this corporate governance report (the “Corporate Governance Report”) in the Company’s
annual report for the year ended 31 December 2024.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Group is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of its shareholders
and enhance its value and accountability. The Board endeavors to adhere to the principles of corporate governance and has
set and implemented sound corporate governance practices to fulfill the legal and commercial standards in the management
structures, internal control, risk management and fair disclosure to achieve effective transparency and accountability.


The Company has adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix
C1 of The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) as its own code of corporate
governance since the Listing Date. The Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG
Code from the Listing Date to the date of this annual report (the “Relevant Period”) save as disclosed below.


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are expected to comply
with, but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not have a separate chairman and chief executive and Mr. Liu
Peichao currently performs these two roles. Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both the chairman of our Board and
general manager in the same person has the benefit of (1) ensuring consistent leadership within our Company, (2) enabling
more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for our Company, and (3) facilitating the flow of information between
the management and our Board. Our Board considers that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement
will not be impaired and this structure will enable our Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively.
Our Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of the chairman of our Board and the general manager of
our Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of our Company as a whole.


The Company will continue to review its corporate governance practices to ensure its continued compliance of the CG Code,
to enhance its corporate governance standard, to comply with the increasingly tightened regulatory requirements, and to
meet the rising expectations of the Shareholders and investors.


VALUES AND CULTURE
It is our corporate culture to maintain an inclusive and safe workplace for its employee. The Group promote diversity at all
levels to enhance the effectiveness of our corporate governance and ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting
staff at mid to senior levels. The Group will also continue to provide diversified career development opportunities to our staff
and engage different training resources for our staff. In addition, the Group believe production safety is a critical factor to the
success of our business and operation. It is our top priority to maintain work safety at our business operations.




22    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Group has established and implemented policies that promote a diversified and safe workplace. The Board strives to
act lawfully, ethically and responsibly to promote our corporate culture and is committed to maintaining a high standard
of corporate governance in its operations and activities. The Group provide trainings to the employees on a regular basis to
strengthens their awareness of corporate culture. Before the employees assume their positions, the Group provide training
courses for them to introduce the company culture and internal rules and regulations.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE REQUIRED STANDARD OF DEALINGS IN SECURITIES
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct governing securities transactions by the Directors and
Supervisors. Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and Supervisors and each of the Directors and Supervisors has
confirmed that he/she has complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code from the Listing Date to the
date of this annual report. The Company continues and will continue to ensure compliance with the code of conduct.


A.     DIRECTORS
       A.1    Board of Directors
              The Company is governed by the Board which is responsible for the leadership and control of the Group,
              overseeing and managing the Group’s businesses, strategic decisions and performance, convening
              Shareholders’ general meetings and reporting our Board’s work at the Shareholders’ general meetings,
              implementing the resolutions passed at the Shareholders’ general meetings; determining our business plans
              and investment plans, preparing annual budget proposals and final accounts proposals; preparing plans for
              profit distribution and recovery of losses, preparing plans for the increase or decrease in registered capital; and
              exercising other power, functions and duties as conferred by the Articles of Association.


              All the Directors carry out their duties in good faith and are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
              take decisions objectively and act in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders at all times.


              The Company has entered into formal service agreements and letters of appointment with the executive
              Directors and the independent non-executive Directors respectively setting out the key terms and conditions
              of their respective appointments. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the term of office of each Director is
              three years, subject to re-election upon expiry of the term of office.


              The insurance cover in respect of legal action against the Company’s Directors and senior officers is covered by
              the existing Directors & Officers Liability Insurance Policy of the Company.


              Save as disclosed in the biographies of Directors and Senior Management are set out in the section headed
              “Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this annual report, to the best
              knowledge of the Directors, there is no personal relationship (including financial, business, family or other
              material/relevant relationship) with any other Directors, the Chairman of the Board and the chief executive of
              the Company.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024      ｜    23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     A.2   Board composition
           The Board currently comprises of the following Directors:


           Executive Directors
           Mr. Liu Peichao (Chairman)
           Mr. Wang Yong
           Mr. Lang Xulin


           Non-Executive Director
           Mr. Jing Liang


           Independent Non-Executive Directors
           Mr. Li Yibin
           Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan
           Dr. Hou Lingling


           The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors,
           Supervisors and Senior Management” of this annual report. The Company considers that the composition of
           the Board is well balanced. Each of the Directors has the relevant experience, knowledge and expertise that
           can contribute to the business of the Company. The executive Directors oversee the daily operations of the
           Group while the independent non-executive Directors bring along independent judgment to the decision-
           making process of the Board.


           During the period from the Listing Date to the date of this annual report, the Company has complied
           with Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
           independent non-executive directors, representing more than one-third of the Board and at least one of
           them has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.
           All independent non-executive Directors also meet the guidelines for assessment of their independence
           pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received a confirmation of independence from
           each of the independent non-executive Directors as required under the Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
           Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent. The Board will assess their
           independence on an annual basis.


     A.3   Chairman and Chief Executive
           Mr. Liu Peichao has been serving as the Chairman of the Board and is primarily responsible for, among
           others, overseeing the Board, operation and management, business coordination, safe production and
           business coordination of the Group. Mr. Liu Peichao has also been serving as the chief executive officer of the
           Company. Please refer to the section headed “Corporate Governance Practices” for details.




24   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




A.4   Responsibilities and delegation of functions
      The Company has formalised and adopted written terms on the division of functions reserved to the Board and
      those delegated to the management of the Company. The management of the Company is mainly responsible
      for the implementation of the business plans, strategies and policies adopted by the Board and delegated to
      it from time to time as well as the day-to-day management. The Board reserves for its decision on all major
      matters of the Company, including the approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and
      budgets, risk management and internal control systems, material transactions (in particular those that may
      involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant financial and
      operational matters.


      All Directors have full and timely access to the relevant information of the Group as well as the advice and
      services of the Joint Company Secretaries and senior management of the Company, in order to ensure
      compliance with the Board procedures and all applicable laws and regulations. Any Director may request
      independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s expense, upon reasonable
      request being made to the Board. The Board has delegated the responsibility for implementing its corporate
      strategies and the day-to-day management, operation and administration to the management of the Company
      under the leadership of the executive Directors. Clear guidance has been made as to the matters that should
      be reserved to the Board for its decision which include matters on, inter alia, capital, finance and financial
      reporting, internal control, communication with Shareholders, Board composition, delegation of authority and
      corporate governance. The Board periodically reviews the delegated functions and work tasks. Prior to entering
      into any significant transactions, the aforesaid officers have to obtain the Board’s approval.


      The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors which
      includes:


      (1)    to develop and review the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make
             recommendations to the Board;


      (2)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
             management;


      (3)    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
             requirements;


      (4)    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
             Directors and employees; and


      (5)    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
             report of the Company.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      ｜    25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     A.5   Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors
           All executive Directors, non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for
           a specific term of three years. None of the Directors has a service contract or letter of appointment with the
           Company or any of its subsidiaries other than the contracts/letters of appointment expiring or determinable
           by the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation). All
           Directors are eligible for the re-election upon expiring of their term of office. The appointments are subject to
           the provisions of the Company’s Articles of Association with regard to vacation of office of Directors, removal
           and retirement by rotation of Directors.


           The Board shall have power from time to time and at any time to appoint any person as a Director either to
           fill a casual vacancy or as an additional Director, provided that the number of Directors so appointed shall not
           exceed the maximum number determined from time to time by the Shareholders in general meeting.


           Any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting
           of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. Any Director appointed
           by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general
           meeting and shall then be eligible for re-election.


     A.6   Board meetings, general meetings and procedures
           Pursuant to the CG Code, at least four regular Board meetings should be held in each year. The Board is
           scheduled to meet regularly at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals, to discuss the overall
           strategy as well as the operational and financial performance of the Company. Other Board meetings will be
           held when necessary. The Company was listed on 23 December 2024. During the period from the Listing Date
           to the date of this annual report, two Board meetings were held, and one extraordinary general meeting was
           held. The attendance records of each Directors are set out below:


                                                        Number of Attendance/                     Number of Attendance/
           Name of Directors                          Number of Board meetings               Number of general meetings


           Mr. Liu Peichao                                                     2/2                                        1/1
           Mr. Wang Yong                                                       2/2                                        1/1
           Mr. Lang Xulin                                                      2/2                                        1/1
           Mr. Jing Liang                                                      2/2                                        1/1
           Mr. Li Yibin                                                        2/2                                        1/1
           Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan                                                  2/2                                        1/1
           Dr. Hou Lingling                                                    2/2                                        1/1

           As the Company was listed on 23 December 2024, no meeting was held between the chairman of the Board
           and the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.


           Board members were provided with complete, adequate and timely information to allow them to fulfill their
           duties properly.



26   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Schedules for regular Board meetings and meeting agenda are sent to all Directors in advance. Notice of
      at least 14 days is given for a regular Board meeting. For other Board and committee meetings, reasonable
      notice is generally given. Board papers together with all appropriate, complete and relevant information are
      dispatched to all Directors at least three days before each regular Board meeting to ensure that the Directors
      have sufficient time to review the related documents and be adequately prepared for the meeting.


      The Joint Company Secretaries are responsible for keeping minutes of all Board and committee meetings. Draft
      minutes are normally circulated to all Directors for comments within a reasonable time after each meeting and
      the final version is open to Directors for inspection. The Articles of Association contain provisions requiring
      Directors to abstain from voting and not to be counted in the quorum at meetings for approving transactions
      in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material interest.


A.7   Continuous professional development
      All Directors have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the responsibilities and obligations of
      being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest
      and business of the Company and such induction materials will also be provided to newly appointed Directors
      shortly upon their appointment as Directors to ensure that he or she has a proper understanding of the
      operation and business of the Company and full awareness of Directors’ responsibilities and obligation under
      the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. All Directors have been provided monthly updates giving
      a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s performance, financial position and prospects
      to keep the Directors’ abreast of the Group’s affairs in order to discharge their duties. All Directors are also
      updated from time to time on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable
      regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
      practices, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the websites of the Stock
      Exchange and the Company.


      During the year ended 31 December 2024, all Directors had participated in continuous professional
      development in the following manner in compliance with code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code:


      Name of Directors                                                                                      Type of training


      Mr. Liu Peichao                                                                                                       B
      Mr. Wang Yong                                                                                                         B
      Mr. Lang Xulin                                                                                                        B
      Mr. Jing Liang                                                                                                        B
      Mr. Li Yibin                                                                                                          B
      Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan                                                                                                    B
      Dr. Hou Lingling                                                                                                      B

      A:     attending seminars/courses/conference to develop professional skills and knowledge
      B:     reading materials in relation to regulatory update




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   ｜   27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     A.8    Corporate governance functions
            As mentioned in the paragraph A.4 “Responsibilities and delegation of functions” of this annual report, the
            Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties. During the year, the Board has reviewed
            the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and compliance with the CG Code, reviewed
            and monitored the continuous professional development of the Directors and also reviewed and monitored
            the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.


B.   BOARD COMMITTEES
     The Board has established four Board committees, namely, the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), the
     remuneration and appraisal committee (the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”), the nomination
     committee (the “Nomination Committee”) and the Strategy committee (the “Strategy Committee”), to assist
     them in the efficient implementation of their functions and to oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs.
     Specific responsibilities, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the websites of the
     Stock Exchange and the Company, have been delegated to the above committees and the corporate governance
     duties as required under code provision A.2 Principle of Part 2 of the CG Code have been performed. All committees
     are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek
     independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.


     B.1    Audit Committee
            The terms of reference of the Audit Committee was adopted in compliance with the CG Code. The primary
            duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to (i) review the Company’s financial information, annual report and
            accounts, half-year report; (ii) manage the relationship with the external auditors, including but not limited to
            making recommendation to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors,
            reviewing and monitoring the external auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the
            audit process, discussing with the auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations, and
            developing and implementing policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit services; (iii) guide
            and supervise the internal audit work and its implementation; (iv) overseeing the Company’s financial reporting
            system, risk management and internal control systems and associated procedures; and (v) develop, review
            and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance issues, including but limited to
            training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, and the Company’s
            compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the CG Code.




28   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




      As at 31 December 2024, the Audit Committee has three members comprising of two independent non-
      executive Directors, namely Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan (Chairman) and Mr. Li Yibin, and one non-executive Director,
      namely Mr. Jing Liang.


      As the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 23 December 2024, no Audit Committee meeting was
      held during the Relevant Period.


      The Company’s annual report and annual results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2024 have
      been reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of opinion that the preparation of such
      financial information complied with the applicable accounting standards, the requirements under the Listing
      Rules and any other applicable legal requirements, and that adequate disclosures have been made.


B.2   Nomination Committee
      The terms of reference of Nomination Committee was adopted in compliance with the CG Code. The primary
      duties of the Nomination Committee are to (i) review the structure, size, composition and diversity (including
      without limitation, professional experience, skills, knowledge, age, gender, education, cultural background and
      length of service) of the Board annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board
      to complement the Company’s corporate strategy; (ii) determine the policy for the nomination of Directors,
      identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and select or make recommendations
      to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships, and in identifying suitable individuals,
      consider individuals on merit and against the object criteria, with due regard for the benefits of diversity on
      the Board; (iii) assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company; (iv) make
      recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning
      for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive, taking into account the Company’s corporate
      strategy and the mix of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity needed in the future; and (v) review the
      board diversity policy, the measurable objectives that the Board has set for implementing such policy, and the
      progress on achieving the objectives, and make disclosure of its review results in the corporate governance
      report annually.


      As at 31 December 2024, the Nomination Committee has three members comprising of one executive
      Director, namely Mr. Lang Xulin and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Hou Lingling
      (Chairlady) and Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan.


      As the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 23 December 2024, no Nomination Committee meeting
      was held during the Relevant Period.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024      ｜    29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




           Board Diversity Policy
           The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on our Board.
           With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company recognises and embraces the
           benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in
           supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. All Board appointments
           will be based on skills, regional and industry experience, background, race, gender and other qualities, and
           candidates will be considered against appropriate criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on
           the Board.


           The Company commits to selecting the best person for the role. Selection and nomination of candidates
           will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to skills, professional experience,
           educational background, knowledge, expertise, culture, independence, age and gender. Potential Board
           candidates are selected based on merit and his/her potential contribution to the Board and by taking into
           consideration the Company’s business model and specific needs from time to time. The ultimate decision
           will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Nomination
           Committee is responsible for the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and had made recommendations
           to the Board on the measurable objectives for implementing the Board Diversity Policy and Nomination policy.


           The Nomination Committee will identify and recommend suitable female candidates for the Board’s
           consideration and our Company is committed to appointing at least one director with a different gender, so
           as to maintain an appropriate balance of gender diversity with reference to stakeholders’ expectation and
           international and local recommended best practices. As at 31 December 2024, the Board has one female
           member and six male members.


           Furthermore, members of the Board have a balanced mix of knowledge, skills and experience, including
           engineering, overall business management, finance and investment. The Directors obtained degrees in various
           majors, including business administration, economics, finance and management, and engineering. The Board
           has three independent non-executive Directors who have different industry backgrounds, representing over
           one-third of our Board members.




30   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Nomination Committee has considered measurable objectives based on four focus areas: gender, age,
professional experience and length of service to implement the Board Diversity Policy.


After reviewing the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, the Company considers that it has been
effectively implemented. As at 31 December 2024, the Company has achieved the following measurable
objectives set out in the Board Diversity Policy:


•      There is at least one female member in the Board: As at 31 December 2024, the Board has one female
       member and six male members, allowing the Company to achieve the gender diversity of the Board at
       14.3%.


•      There should be a reasonable age structure among members of the Board: As at 31 December 2024,
       the Board has a reasonable age structure, with two directors aged 31 to 40, four directors aged 41 to
       50 and one director aged over 60.


•      Members of the Board should possess relevant professional experience: As at 31 December 2024,
       members of the Board possess wide range of professional experience, including but not limited to
       corporate strategic planning, corporate management, finance and financial affairs.


The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy as and when appropriate and at least once a
year to ensure its continued effectiveness from time to time.


Gender Diversity of Employees
The Company strives to achieve gender diversity and gender equality in the workforce (including senior
management). As at 31 December 2024, the total workforce of the Company comprised 416 male and 144
female. The Company considers that gender diversity in the workforce has been achieved in 2024.


Nomination Procedures
The Nomination Committee identifies individuals suitably qualified to become Board members, having due
regard to the Board Diversity Policy, Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company by considering the
skills, knowledge, experience, expertise, etc. of the proposed candidate and assesses the independence of the
proposed independent non-executive director, as the case may be. The Nomination Committee then makes
recommendation(s) to the Board. The Board considers the candidate(s) recommended by the Nomination
Committee, having due regard to the Board Diversity Policy, nomination policy and the needs of the Company.
The Board will then confirm the appointment of the candidate(s) as Director(s) or recommends the candidate(s)
to stand for re-election at a general meeting of the Company. Candidate(s) appointed by the Board will be
subject to re-election by the Shareholders at the next following annual general meeting in the case of an
addition to the existing Board or the first general meeting of the Company after his/her appointment in the
case of filling a casual vacancy in accordance with the Articles of Association.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   ｜   31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     B.3   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
           The terms of reference of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee was adopted in compliance with CG
           Code. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee adopted the approach under code provision E.1.2(c)
           (ii) of the CG Code to make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
           Directors and senior management. The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to
           (i) make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior
           management remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing
           remuneration policy; (ii) review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the
           Board’s corporate goals and objectives; (iii) assess performance of executive directors; (iv) approve the terms
           of executive directors’ service contract; (v) determine, with delegated responsibility by the board of directors,
           the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management members, or make
           recommendations to the board of Directors on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors
           and senior management members; and (vi) make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-
           executive Directors.


           As at 31 December 2024, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee has three members comprising of
           two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Li Yibin (Chairman) and Dr. Hou Lingling, and one
           executive Director, namely Mr. Wang Yong. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee may consult with the
           Chairman about its proposals relating to the remuneration of other executive Directors. The remuneration of
           the Directors was determined with reference to the salaries paid by comparable companies and the experience,
           responsibilities, workload, time devoted to the Group and individual performance of the Directors, as well as
           the performance of the Group.


           As the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 23 December 2024, no Remuneration and Appraisal
           Committee meeting was held during the Relevant Period.


           Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the senior management of the
           Company by band for the year ended 31 December 2024 was set out below.


            Range of Remuneration (RMB)                              Number of Senior Management


            500,000-1,000,000                                        1
            1,500,001-2,000,000                                      1
            2,000,001-2,500,000                                      1
            6,500,001-7,000,000                                      1




32   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     B.4     Strategy Committee
            The primary duties of the Strategy Committee are to (i) to study and make recommendations on the long-
            term development and strategic planning of the Company; (ii) to study and make recommendations on major
            investment and financing schemes, which are subject to the approval of the Board as required by the Articles
            of Association; (iii) to study and make recommendations on major capital operations and asset management
            projects, which are subject to the approval of the Board as required by the Articles of Association; and (iv) to
            study and make recommendations on other major issues that may affect the development of the Company.


            As at 31 December 2024, the Strategy Committee has three members comprising of two executive Directors,
            namely Mr. Liu Peichao (Chairman) and Mr. Wang Yong, and one independent non-executive Director, namely
            Mr. Li Yibin.


            As the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 23 December 2024, no Strategy Committee meeting
            was held during the Relevant Period.


C.   DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The Board acknowledges its responsibilities for preparing the Company’s financial statements for the year ended 31
     December 2024 and to ensure that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with statutory requirements
     and applicable accounting standards. The Board also ensures the timely publication of the financial statements in
     accordance with statutory and/or regulatory requirements. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, confirm
     that they are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The statement by the auditor of the Company about their
     reporting responsibilities and opinion on the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on
     pages 83 to 88 of this annual report.


D.   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     From the Listing Date to 31 December 2024, the Company has complied with Paragraph D.2 of Part 2 of the CG
     Code by establishing appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems. The Board is responsible
     for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the Company is willing to take in achieving
     the Company’s strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and
     effective risk management and internal control systems. The management is responsible for designing, implementing
     and monitoring the risk management and internal control systems while the Board oversees the management in
     performing its duties on an on going basis.


     The management, under the supervision of the Board, has implemented and maintained appropriate and effective
     risk management and internal control system, which aims to manage and reduce (i) risks associated with the Group’s
     daily operations; (ii) risks of failing to achieve business objectives; (iii) risks of asset misappropriation; and (iv) risks of
     making potential material misstatements or losses. However, the risk management and internal control system can
     only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses. Main features of the risk
     management and internal control systems are described in the sections below:




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024      ｜     33
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Risk Management System
     The Company adopts a risk management system which manages the risk associated with its business and operations.
     The system comprises the following phases:


     •      Risk identification: Identify risks that could potentially affect the Group’s operation and business.


     •      Risk evaluation: Analyze the likelihood and impact of risks on the Group’s business and evaluate the risk
            portfolio accordingly.


     •      Management: Determine the risk management strategies and internal control processes to prevent, avoid or
            mitigate the risks; monitor the risks on an on-going basis and ensure effective and appropriate internal control
            processes are in place; ensure that the management is regularly updated on the results and effectiveness of
            risk management and internal control.


     Internal Control System
     The Company has in place an internal control system which enables the Company to achieve objectives regarding
     effectiveness and efficiency of operations, reliability of financial reporting and compliance with applicable laws and
     regulations. The internal control procedures are designed to monitor operations of the Group and ensure overall
     compliance. The components of the internal control system framework are shown as follow:


     •      Control Environment: A set of standards, processes and structures has been implemented to provide the basis
            for carrying out internal control across the Company.


     •      Risk Assessment: A dynamic and iterative process for identifying, assessing and analyzing risks to achieve the
            Company’s objectives, forming a basis for determining how risks should be managed.


     •      Control Activities: Action established by policies and procedures to help ensure that management directives to
            mitigate risks to the achievement of objectives are carried out.


     •      Information and Communication: Regular and effective internal and external communication to provide the
            Company with the information needed to carry out day-to-day controls.


     •      Monitoring: Ongoing and separate evaluations to ascertain the existence and effective operation of each
            component of the internal control system.




34   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In order to enhance the Company’s system of handling and disseminating inside information, and to ensure the
truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of its public disclosures, the Company also adopts and implements
an inside information policy and procedures. Certain reasonable measures have been taken from time to time to
ensure that potential inside information being captured and confidentiality of such information being maintained in
order to prevent a breach of a disclosure requirement in relation to the Company, which include:


•      The access of information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis.
       Employees who are in possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve
       confidentiality.


•      Confidentiality agreements are in place when the Company enters into significant negotiations.


•      Reporting channels are in place for different operating units to report any potential inside information to
       designated departments.


•      The executive Directors are designated persons who speak on behalf of the Company when communicating
       with external parties such as the media, analysts or investors and to respond to external enquiries.


Operational Risk Management
The Company has established a series of internal systems to manage operational risks. The Group adopts a
comprehensive approach to operational risk management, implementing clear delegation of authority and
responsibility, detailed process standardization, and well-defined reward and disciplinary mechanisms. The finance
center, audit department, legal department, human resources and administration center, and relevant business
departments collectively ensure compliance with internal policies. In the event of a major adverse incident, matters will
be reported to the general manager and/or the board of Directors for appropriate action. The Company expects to
maintain operational risks within a reasonable scope by identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling such risks,
thereby minimizing potential losses.


Information Security and Data Privacy Risk Management
The Company places high importance on data security and privacy protection. Standard protective measures have
been implemented, including confidentiality classification, access controls, data encryption, and anonymization
to prevent unauthorized access, leakage, misuse, modification, damage, or loss of data and information. The IT
department, in collaboration with business departments, oversees the management of data security and information
protection. The Company has established a comprehensive information security management system to ensure the
security of data and information.


Based on the internal control reviews conducted in 2024, no significant internal control deficiency was identified.


Internal Audit Function
The Company has an internal audit department. The internal audit department conducts internal audit on different
department and functions within the Group on an ongoing basis to assess the effectiveness and identify weaknesses
in the existing internal control, legal and regulatory compliance and risk management systems of the Group.



                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     ｜     35
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Effectiveness of the Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
     The Board is responsible for overseeing the implementation and managing the risk management and internal control
     systems of the Company and ensuring review of the effectiveness of these systems has been conducted annually.
     The review covered all material controls of the Group, including financial, operational and compliance controls.
     Several areas have been considered during the Board’s review, including but not limited to (i) the changes in the
     nature and extent of significant risks (including ESG risks) since the last annual review, and the Company’s ability to
     respond to changes in its business and the external environment; (ii) the scope and effectiveness of management’s
     ongoing monitoring of risks (including ESG risks) and of the internal control systems; (iii) the extent and frequency
     of communication of monitoring results to the board (or board committee(s)) which enables it to assess control of
     the issuer and the effectiveness of risk management; (iv) significant control failings or weaknesses that have been
     identified during the period, and the extent to which they have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies
     that have had, could have had, or may in the future have, a material impact on the issuer’s financial performance or
     condition; (v) the effectiveness of the issuer’s processes for financial reporting and Listing Rule compliance; and (vi)
     the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
     accounting, internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s ESG performance
     and reporting.


     The Board, through its annual review and the review made by internal audit department and the Audit Committee,
     concluded that the risk management and internal control systems for the year end 31 December 2024 were effective
     and adequate. Such systems, however, are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
     business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or
     loss. The Board also considered that the resources, staff qualifications and experience of relevant staff were adequate
     and the training programs and budget provided were sufficient.


     Anti-corruption
     The Group does not tolerate any form of corruption, such as bribery, extortion, fraud or money laundering. The
     Group requires all employees to comply with professional ethics, and prohibits any form of corruption. The Group has
     established an anti-fraud policy and adopted a zero-tolerance policy for any form of corruption. Employees who are
     found to have committed corruption will received disciplinary action, including being discharged from their duties and
     required to indemnify the losses caused. The Company provides internal reporting channels for employees to report
     suspected acts of corruption or bribery. Employees found involved in corrupt activities will have their employment
     contracts terminated, and business partners found guilty of such misconduct will have their cooperation terminated.
     If their acts are found to be in violation of any regulatory requirement, the employee will be held accountable for his/
     her judicial responsibility. The Group further strengthens the awareness of employees and new recruits by conducting
     periodic anti-corruption training.


     Whistleblowing policy
     The Board has established and adopted a whistleblowing policy which sets out the channels for employees and
     those who deal with the Group, including customers and suppliers, to raise concerns about possible improprieties in
     any matters about the Group, including financial reporting, internal control, corruption, or any kind of misconduct.
     Complaints will be kept confidential and anonymous, and will be handled in a timely and fair manner. The Audit
     Committee is responsible for the implementation and oversight of the policy and will review the policy annually.



36   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




E.   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
     The remuneration paid/payable to the independent auditor of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 is
     set out as follows:


     Services rendered                                                                                   Paid/payable
                                                                                                               RMB’000


     Audit services                                                                                              1,800
     Non-audit services                                                                                               –


     Total                                                                                                       1,800


F.   JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Mr. Wang Yong and Ms. Ching Shuk Wah Shirley were appointed as the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company
     and are responsible for overseeing the company secretarial work of the Group.


     In accordance with the requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, both Mr. Wang and Ms. Ching confirmed
     that they have taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the year ended 31 December
     2024.


     The main contact person of Ms. Ching in the Company is Mr. Wang Yong, an executive Director, during the Year.


G.   COMMUNICATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
     The Board believes that a transparent and timely disclosure of the Company’s information is essential for enhancing
     investor relations and will enable the Shareholders and investors to make the best investment decision and to have
     better understanding of the Company’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to maintain
     an on-going dialogue with the Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general
     meetings. The Chairman of the Board and the chairmen of the Board committees will endeavour to meet the
     Shareholders at the general meetings to answer any questions raised by the Shareholders.


     The Company has adopted a Shareholders Communication Policy (the “Shareholders Communication Policy”) to
     ensure that Shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately addressed with the objective of ensuring transparent,
     accurate and open communications with the Shareholders, which will be reviewed on a regular basis annually to
     ensure its effectiveness.


     The Company also maintains two websites at www.dobot.cn (with respect to Chinese version) and http://www.dobot-
     robots.com/ (with respect to English version) where corporate communication documents, other documents issued
     by the Company which are published on the website of the Stock Exchange, constitutional documents, corporate
     information, other corporate publications and up-to-date information and updates of the Company’s operations,
     performances and strategies are available to public access. The Company’s websites serves as a communication
     platform with the Shareholders and investors.



                                                                                          Annual Report 2024    ｜    37
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Shareholders and investors may also write directly to the Company’s principal place of business and headquarters
     in China at Room 1003, Building 2, Chongwen Park, Nanshan Smart Park, No. 3370 Liuxian Avenue, Fuguang
     Community, Taoyuan Sub-district, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, the PRC or via email to ir@dobot-robots.com to make
     any queries. Queries are dealt with in an informative and timely manner.


     The Company had reviewed its shareholders’ communication policy and examined the implementation and
     effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy. The Company believes that the shareholders’ communication
     policy is still appropriate and effective in providing a channel for shareholders to communicate on various matters
     affecting the Company, as well as the Company to solicit and understand the opinions of shareholders and
     stakeholders.


H.   SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Procedures for convening extraordinary meeting or class meeting on requisition
     The Shareholders of the Company shall follow the procedures as prescribed in Article 48 of the Articles of Association
     to convene an extraordinary general meeting or class meeting of the Company. Pursuant to Article 48, Shareholders
     individually or collectively holding more than 10% of the shares carrying voting rights at the meeting to be convened
     may, by signing one or more counterpart written requisition(s) stating the object of the meeting, require the Board to
     convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting. The Board shall as soon as possible after
     receipt of such written requisition(s) proceed to so convene the extraordinary general meeting or class shareholders’
     meeting. The shareholdings referred to above shall be calculated as at the date of the delivery of the written
     requisition(s). Pursuant to Article 48, where the Board fails to issue notice of convening meeting within ten days upon
     receipt of the above written request, shareholder(s) individually or collectively holding more than 10% of the shares
     carrying voting rights at the meeting to be convened may request by written requisition(s) the Board of Supervisors
     to convene the extraordinary general meeting and class shareholders’ meeting. Pursuant to Article 48, Where the
     Board of Supervisors fails to issue notice of convening meeting within the prescribed period upon receipt of the above
     written request, shareholder(s), for more than 90 consecutive days, individually or collectively holding more than 10%
     of the shares carrying voting rights at the meeting may convene the meeting on their own upon the Board having
     received such request. The convening procedures shall, to the extent possible, be identical to procedures according to
     which general meetings are to be convened by the Board.


     All reasonable expenses incurred for such meeting convened by the shareholders as a result of the failure of the Board
     of Directors and Board of Supervisors to convene a meeting as required by the above request(s) shall be borne by the
     Company and be set off against sums owed by the Company to the defaulting directors or supervisors.




38   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Shareholders of the Company shall follow the procedures as prescribed in Article 53 of the Articles of Association
to propose new resolutions at general meetings. Pursuant to Article 53, when the Company convenes a general
meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding 1% or more of the total voting shares of the Company shall
be entitled to propose new resolutions in writing to the Company and submit to the convener 10 days prior to the
convening of the general meeting. The convener of the general meeting shall issue a supplemental notice of general
meeting to other shareholders within 2 days after the receipt of such proposal and incorporate the matters falling
within the scope of duties of the general meeting into the agenda of such meeting. The new agenda shall be tabled
to the general meeting for consideration. Shareholders holding minority interests in the Company must be allowed
to convene an extraordinary general meeting and add resolutions to a meeting agenda. The minimum supporting
shareholding required to do so must not be more than 10% of the voting rights attached to the Company’s share
capital on a one vote per share basis.


Procedures for raising enquiries
The Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings, share transfer, registration and payment of
dividend to the Company’s Hong Kong H Share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, details
of which are as follows:


Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Address:              Shop 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Website:              www.computershare.com/hk/contact
Tel:                  Tel: 2862 8555
Fax:                  Fax: 2865 0990

The Shareholders may at any time make any queries in respect of the Company at the following designated contacts,
correspondence address, email address(es) and enquiry hotline(s) of the Company:


Attention:            Investor Relations Department
Address:              Room 1003, Building 2, Chongwen Park, Nanshan Smart Park, No. 3370 Liuxian Avenue,
                      Fuguang Community, Taoyuan Sub-district, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, the PRC
Email:                ir@dobot-robots.com

The Shareholders are reminded to lodge their queries together with their detailed contact information for the prompt
response of the Company if it deems appropriate.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     ｜    39
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




       Shareholders may put forward proposals at the general meetings to nominate a candidate for election as a Director.
       Articles 87 of the Articles of Association provides that the Directors shall be elected at the Shareholders’ general
       meetings of the Company. Article 53 of the Articles of Association provides that the Shareholders (individually or
       jointly) holding 1% or more of the total issued shares of the Company carrying voting rights are entitled to forward
       proposal(s) at the general meetings by making a provisional motion in writing to the board of Directors 10 days
       before the date of Shareholders’ general meeting. Accordingly, if a Shareholder intends to nominate a candidate for
       election as a Director, a notice of intention to nominate a candidate for election as a Director and a notice executed
       by the nominated candidate of his/her willingness to be appointed must be duly lodged at the registered office for the
       attention of the joint company secretary of the Company and the Board.


       Further details of the procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director are posted on the
       website of the Company. Shareholders or the Company may also refer to the above procedures for putting forward
       any other proposals at general meetings.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Company conditionally adopted the Articles of Association (“Articles of Association”) effective on 7 February 2025.
In order to reflect the final results of the issuance of H Shares, and in accordance with the requirements of the Company
Law of the People’s Republic of China (2023 Revision) (《中華人民共和國公司法(2023年修訂)》) and other applicable laws
and regulations and in light of the Company’s actual situation, corresponding amendments to the relevant provisions of the
Articles of Association were made and approved by the Shareholders at the 2025 first extraordinary general meeting of the
Company held on 7 February 2025. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 20 January 2025
and 7 February 2025, and the circular of the Company dated 20 January 2025.


An updated version of the Articles of Association is available on the respective websites of the Company and the Stock
Exchange.




40    ｜     SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                  REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
(the “Consolidated Financial Statements”) for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Reporting Period” or the “Year”)
since the Listing Date.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company was incorporated as a joint stock company established in the PRC with limited liability in July 2015. The Group
is primarily engaged in the design, development, manufacturing and commercialization of collaborative robots, or commonly
known as “cobots.” We offered a total of 27 cobot models in four series, catering to numerous use cases in manufacturing,
retail, healthcare, STEAM education, scientific research settings and many more.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the Group’s business as required under Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of
Hong Kong), including the Group’s performance analysis during the year ended 31 December 2024, particulars of important
events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the year ended 31 December 2024, as well as the possible
future business development of the Group, are set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” on pages 4 to 5,
“Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 7 to 15 and “Report of the Board of Directors – Events After the Reporting
Period” on page 60 of this annual report.


Possible risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing are set out in the section headed “Principal Risks and
Uncertainties” below in this report. Discussions on the environmental policies and performance, compliance by the Group
with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group and the account of the key relationships
of the Group with its stakeholders are set out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 64 to 82 of
this annual report.


A summary of the operating results and financial position of the Group for the most recent four financial years is set out on
page 6 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of our Consolidated Financial Statements.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a total of RMB883.8 million in cash and cash equivalents, an increase of RMB772.8
million from RMB111.0 million as at 31 December 2023, mainly due to the initial public offering in 2024, which led to an
increase in cash and cash equivalents by RMB630.2 million.


As at 31 December 2024, we had bank borrowings of approximately RMB217.8 million (31 December 2023: approximately
RMB57.8 million). The range of effective interest rates on the borrowings was 0.9% to 2.58% per annum in 2024 (2023:
1.22% to 1.83%). The Group’s gearing ratio calculated based on total liabilities divided by total assets, was 35.3% as at 31
December 2024 (31 December 2023: 49.2%).


As at 31 December 2024, the Group has not provided guarantees and pledges to related parties.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     ｜    41
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
The Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 23 December 2024 (the “Listing Date”) with 353,843,147 new H
shares of the Company issued, upon the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, 358,038,547 H shares of the Company
were issued in aggregate. The net proceeds received from the global offering, after deducting the underwriting fees and
commissions and expenses payable by the Company in connection with the global offering, amounted to approximately
HK$681.4 million and an offering price of HK$18.8 per H share of the Company (the “H Share”) (not including the net
proceeds of approximately HK$75.3 million received by the Company from the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in
January 2025 (the “Over-allotment Option”)). Since the Listing Date and up to 31 December 2024, the Company has not
utilised any net proceeds from the global offering.


                                                                          Approximate     Net proceeds     Expected time
                                                                          Percentage of           from     to utilize
                                                                              the total     the global     the remaining
                                                                          net proceeds        offering     net proceeds in full
                                                                                          (HKD’ million)


Technology development for intelligent cobots from 2025 to 2029                  40.0%            272.6    By the end of the year ending
                                                                                                              2029
Developing of production lines and manufacturing capabilities from 2025          27.0%            184.0    By the end of the year ending
   to 2029                                                                                                    2029
Strategic alliances, investment and acquisition opportunities both               16.0%            109.0    By the end of the year ending
   domestically and overseas in the downstream of the cobot industry                                          2029
Overseas sales channel building from 2025 to 2029                                 7.0%             47.7    By the end of the year ending
                                                                                                              2029
Working capital and other general corporate purposes                             10.0%             68.1    By the end of the year ending
                                                                                                              2025


Total                                                                          100.0%             681.4


The Company intends to use the net proceeds in the same manner and proportion as set out in the section headed “Future
Plans and Use of Proceeds” of the Prospectus. As at the date of this annual report, the Company does not anticipate any
change to its plan on the use of proceeds.


Subsequent to 31 December 2024, as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 17 January 2025, the Company
has received additional net proceeds of approximately HK$75.3 million from the over-allotment shares issued and allotted
upon the partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option at HK$18.8 per H share after deduction of the estimated underwriting
fees and commissions and expenses payable by the Company in connection with the global offering. The additional net
proceeds will be allocated by the Company on a pro rata basis to the purposes as set out in the section headed “Future Plans
and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus.




42      ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                            REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the state of affairs of the Group as at 31 December 2024
are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 83 to 172.


The Board does not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: Nil).



TAX ON DIVIDENDS
According to the Individual Income Tax Law promulgated on 10 September 1980, last amended on 31 August 2018 and
effective on 1 January 2019, and the Regulations for the Implementation of the Individual Income Tax Law of the People’s
Republic of China (中華人民共和國個人所得稅法實施條例) (the “Implementing Rules of the Individual Income Tax
Law”) last amended on 18 December 2018 and effective on 1 January 2019, income from interest, dividends, bonuses,
property leasing, property transfer and incidental income shall be subject to a proportional tax rate of 20%. In addition,
according to the Notice on Issues Concerning Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policies for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed
Companies (關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知) issued on 7 September 2015 by the Ministry of
Finance, the SAT and the CSRC, where an individual acquires stocks of a listed company from public offering of the company
or from the stock transfer market and holds the stocks for more than one year, the income from dividends is exempted from
individual income tax. If the individual holds the stocks for one month or less, the income from dividends is fully taxable. If
the individual holds the stocks for one month to one year (one year inclusive), 50% of the income from dividends is taxable.
The aforesaid income is subject to an individual income tax at a flat rate of 20%.


In accordance with the EIT Law and the Implementation Rules for the Enterprise Income Tax Law, the rate of enterprise
income tax shall be 25%. A non-resident enterprise income tax should be levied at a reduced rate of 10% on income
originating from within China if such non-resident enterprise does not have an establishment or premise in the PRC or has an
establishment or premise in the PRC but the PRC-sourced income is not connected to such establishment or premise in the
PRC. Such withholding tax for non-resident enterprises are deducted at source and the payer shall be the withholding agent.
The tax shall be withheld by the withholding agent from the amount paid or due for each payment.


The Circular of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Relating to the Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax on
Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to H Share Shareholders of Overseas Non-Resident Enterprise (國家稅務總局
關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知), which was issued by the SAT
on 6 November 2008, further clarified that a PRC-resident enterprise unified withhold enterprise income tax at a rate of 10%
on dividends paid to H Share shareholders of overseas non-resident enterprise for 2008 and subsequent years. After receiving
dividends, the shareholder of a non-resident enterprise may apply to the competent tax authority for the treatment under the
tax treaty (arrangement), and after the examination and verification by the competent tax authority, shall refund the balance
between the tax paid and the tax payable calculated according to the tax rate stipulated in the tax treaty (arrangement).




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024     ｜     43
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Pursuant to the Arrangement between the Mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the
Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion (內地和香港特別行政區關於對所得避免雙重徵稅和防止
偷漏稅的安排) signed on 21 August 2006, the PRC government may levy taxes on the dividends paid by a Chinese company
to Hong Kong residents (including natural persons and legal entities) in an amount not exceeding 10% of total dividends
payable by the Chinese company. If a Hong Kong resident directly holds 25% or more of the equity interest in a Chinese
company, then such tax shall not exceed 5% of the total dividends payable by the Chinese company. The Fifth Protocol of
the Arrangement between the Mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance of
Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion issued by the State Administration of Taxation (國家稅務總局關於〈內
地和香港特別行政區關於對所得避免雙重徵稅和防止偷漏稅的安排〉第五議定書) effective on 6 December 2019 states that
such provisions shall not apply to those arrangements or transactions, of which the main purpose includes gaining such tax
benefit. The application of the dividend clause of tax agreements must comply with the Notice of the State Administration of
Taxation on the Issues Concerning the Application of the Dividend Clauses of Tax Agreements (國家稅務總局關於執行稅收
協定股息條款有關問題的通知) and other Chinese tax laws and regulations.


Pursuant to Circular on Questions Concerning the Collection of Individual Income Tax Following the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa
1993 No. 045 (關於國稅發1993 045號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知) issued by the SAT on 28 June 2011,
for domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises issuing shares in Hong Kong, its overseas individual shareholders may enjoy
relevant preferential tax treatment in accordance with the tax treaties between the PRC and its country of residence, and
the tax treaties between the PRC and Hong Kong (or Macao). Domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises that issue shares
in Hong Kong generally are subject to withhold personal income tax at 10% of dividends and profits without application. If
the individual receiving dividends is a resident of an treaties country with a tax rate of less than 10%, the withholding agent
shall apply on their behalf for the relevant preferential treatment in accordance with the provisions and upon approval by the
competent tax authority, over-withheld taxes will be refunded. If the individual is a resident of an treaties country with a tax
rate higher than 10% but lower than 20%, the withholding agent shall withhold personal income tax at the treaties effective
rate when paying dividends and bonuses, and no application is required in such cases. If the individual receiving dividends is
a resident of a country without a tax treaties with the PRC or other circumstances exist, the withholding agent shall withhold
personal income tax at the rate of 20% when paying dividends.


The Company was not aware of any Shareholders that had waived or agreed to waive any dividend arrangement for the year
ended 31 December 2024.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note 30 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.


RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of this
annual report. As at 31 December 2024, the Company has no reserves available for distribution (as at 31 December 2023:
nil).




44      ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                             REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




MAJOR CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND SUBCONTRACTORS
The aggregate revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customers for the year ended 31 December 2024 accounted for
approximately 5.1% (2023: 3.5%) of the Group’s total revenue. The aggregate revenue attributable to the Group’s five
largest customers for the year ended 31 December 2024 accounted for approximately 16.5% (2023: 12.8%) of the Group’s
total revenue.


The aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s largest suppliers and subcontractors for the year ended 31 December
2024 accounted for approximately 14.7% (2023: 13.7%) of the Group’s total purchases. The aggregate purchases
attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers and subcontractors for the year ended 31 December 2024 accounted for
approximately 37.3% (2023: 37.1%) of the Group’s total purchases.


To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors or their associates or any Shareholders who owned more than
5% of the Company’s issued share capital, excluding treasury shares (if any) had any beneficial interest in any of the Group’s
five largest customers or suppliers and subcontractors during the year ended 31 December 2024.


DIVIDEND POLICY
During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, we did not declare or pay any dividends,
nor did we have any dividend policy in place. Pursuant to our Articles of Association, our Board will formulate the dividends
distribution plan after taking into account our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general
financial condition, contractual restriction and other factors which our Directors consider relevant. Any declaration and
payment as well as the amount of dividends will be subject to our Articles of Association, applicable PRC law and approval by
our Shareholders. Our Shareholders in a general meeting may approve any declaration of dividends, which must not exceed
the amount recommended by our Board. As advised by our PRC Legal Advisor, no dividend shall be declared or payable,
unless we have profits and reserves lawfully available for distribution. Any future net profit that we make will have to be first
applied to make up for our historically accumulated losses, after which we will be obliged to allocate 10% of our net profit to
our statutory common reserve fund until such fund has reached more than 50% of our registered capital.


SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
The details of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 96 of
this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s total property, plant and equipment amounted to approximately
RMB177.2 million (2023: RMB189.8 million). The details of the properties, plant and equipment of the Group and their
movements during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


BORROWINGS
Particulars of borrowings of the Group as at the balance sheet date and the details of the charging on the Group’s assets are
set out in note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024      ｜    45
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors, there was no material breach of or non-
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, that have a significant impact on the business and operations of the Group,
by the Group.


SERVICE CONTRACT AND LETTER OF APPOINTMENT OF THE DIRECTORS AND
SUPERVISORS
The Directors and Supervisors during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report were as
follows:


Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Peichao (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Yong
Mr. Lang Xulin


Non-executive Director
Mr. Jing Liang


Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Yibin
Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan
Dr. Hou Lingling


Supervisors
Ms. Wan Ying (Chairlady)
Mr. Li Liuwei
Ms. Ma Jingxian


The biographical details of the Directors, Supervisors and the senior management of the Group are disclosed in the section
headed “Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” on pages 16 to 21 of this annual report.


Each of the Directors and Supervisors has entered into a service contract or a letter of appointment with the Company for a
term of three years.


Pursuant to Article 87 and Article 121 of the Articles of Association, the term for Directors and Supervisors is three years
commencing from the date of their respective appointment or re-appointment, subject to re-appointment at a general
meeting.


Save as disclosed above, there are no service contracts or letters of appointment between the Company or its subsidiaries
and any of the Directors or Supervisors which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation apart from statutory compensation.




46    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                            REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Each of our Directors confirms that he or she (1) has obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of the Listing
Rules on 31 May 2024; and (2) understands his or her obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the Listing Rules.


The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive Directors
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and all of them are considered to be independent.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
Other than the Directors’ and Supervisors’ service contracts and appointment letters, no contracts concerning the
management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group were entered into or
existed during the year or subsisted at the end of the year ended 31 December 2024.


INFORMATION ON EMPLOYEES
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had 560 (2023: 552) employees, including the executive Directors. Total staff costs
(including Directors’ emoluments) were approximately RMB161.8 million, as compared to approximately RMB132.6 million for
the year ended 31 December 2023. Remuneration is determined with reference to market norms and individual employees’
performance, qualification and experience.


The Group places high value on recruiting, training and retaining its employees. The Group maintains high recruitment
standards and provide competitive compensation packages. Remuneration packages for the Group’s employees mainly
comprise base salary, performance salary and bonus. The Group also provides both in-house and external trainings for our
employees to improve their skills and knowledge. As required under PRC regulations, the Group participates in various
employee social security plans that are organized by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including
housing, pension, medical, work-related injury, maternity, and unemployment benefit plans.


The salaries and benefits of the Group’s employees are kept at a competitive level and employees are rewarded on a
performance-related basis within the general framework of the Group’s salary and bonus system, which is reviewed annually.


We contribute to defined contribution plans for our employees, including social pension insurance organised and
implemented by local labour and social security bureau. Please refer to note 2.4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for details. There is no provision under the defined contribution plans for forfeited contributions to be used by the Group to
reduce the existing level of contributions.


The Company has adopted several share incentive schemes from 2018 to 2024 (collectively, the “Share Incentive
Schemes”), to award the partnership interest in our share incentive platforms to the scheme participants. None of such
Share Incentive Schemes is subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. As at the date of this annual report,
Shenzhen Yuejiang Consultation Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市越疆諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Yuejiang LP”),
Shenzhen Lumo Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市魯墨諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Lumo LP”), Shenzhen
Qimo Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市齊墨投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Qimo LP”) and Shenzhen Chumo
Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市楚墨諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Chumo LP”) were established as our
share incentive platforms. Lumo LP, Qimo LP and Chumo LP are controlled by the same general partner, Mr. Liu Yang, and
thus, together with Mr. Liu Yang, constitute a group of our Shareholders.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024      ｜    47
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are determined by the Board with reference to
the respective responsibilities and duties, experience, individual performance, and time devoted to the Group and may
be adjusted upon the recommendation of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee. The Remuneration and Appraisal
Committee was set up for reviewing the Company’s emolument policy and structure of all remuneration of the Directors and
senior management of the Company.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST
EMOLUMENTS
Details of the emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in notes 8
and 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 130 to 133 of this annual report.


For the year ended 31 December 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any Director, any Supervisor or any of the
five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None
of the Directors or the Supervisors has waived any emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2024.


Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or are payable, for the year ended 31 December 2024, by the
Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors or the Supervisors.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or a Supervisor or his or her connected entity had a material interest,
whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year under 31 December 2024 or at any time during the year ended
31 December 2024.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance in respect of legal actions arising out of corporate activities against
the current Directors and senior management of the Company and its associated companies and the Directors and senior
management of the Company and its associated companies who resigned, and no permitted indemnity provision was made
by the Company during the Year and no permitted indemnity provision was in force as the date of this annual report. The
permitted indemnity provision is in force for the benefit of the Directors as required by the provisions of the Companies
Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong).




48    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                            REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The Company had not entered into any connected transaction during the year ended 31 December 2024 which is required
to be disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Related party transactions entered into by the Group
during the year ended 31 December 2024 is note 36 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Other than the related party
transaction disclosed in note 36 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, no transactions, arrangements, contracts of
significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party, and in which a
Director or his connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, were entered into or subsisted at the
end of the Reporting Period or at any time during the Reporting Period.


CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES, SHARE SCHEMES, WARRANTS OR SIMILAR RIGHTS
During the Year, the Company did not issue any convertible securities, share options, warrants or similar rights.


During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has no share scheme (including
any share option scheme) subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.


DEBENTURES IN ISSUE
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries issued any debentures during the Year.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
The Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreement and there was no equity-linked agreement during the Year.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024    ｜    49
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2024, save as disclosed below, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had any other
interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the”SFO“) which were notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to
be entered in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions
by Directors of Listed Issuers (“Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules:


                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                     percentage     Approximate
                                                                                                     of the total     percentage         Approximate
Name of                                                                              Number of            issued      of the total   percentage of
Directors/                                                                            securities       domestic             issued           the total
chief executive        Class of Shares      Capacity/Nature of interest                   held(1)   share capital H share capital        share capital


Mr. Liu Peichao        H Shares             Beneficial owner                       76,677,613(L)               –          21.67%              19.17%
      (劉培超先生)                               Interest in controlled corporation
                                                                             (2)
                                                                                   16,041,990(L)               –            4.53%              4.01%
                       Domestic Shares      Beneficial owner                       19,169,403(L)         41.53%                  –             4.79%
Mr. Lang Xulin         H Shares             Beneficial owner                        6,374,570(L)               –            1.80%              1.59%
      (郎需林先生)          Domestic Shares      Beneficial owner                        1,593,643(L)          3.45%                  –             0.40%

Notes:

(1)      The letter “L” denotes a person’s long position (as defined under Part XV of the SFO) in the Domestic Shares and or H Shares.

(2)      As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Liu Peichao acted as the general partner of Shenzhen Yuejiang Consultation Partnership (Limited
         Partnership) (深圳市越疆諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Yuejiang LP”) and Shenzhen Qinmo Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership)
         (深圳市秦墨創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥) (“Qinmo LP”). Under the SFO, Mr. Liu is deemed to be interested in the entire Shares held by
         Yuejiang LP and Qinmo LP.




50       ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                                     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITION IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2024, so far as was known to the Directors, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors or
chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed to have, interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares
of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were as
follows:


                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                percentage     Approximate
                                                                                                of the total    percentage     Approximate
                                                                                Number of            issued     of the total   percentage of
                                                     Capacity/                   securities       domestic           issued         the total
Name of Shareholders               Class of Shares   Nature of interest              held(1)
                                                                                               share capital H share capital    share capital


Mr. Liu Yang (劉洋)                  Domestic Shares   Interest in controlled    7,898,466(L)         17.11%                –            1.97%
                                                       corporation(2)
                                   H Shares          Interest in controlled   31,593,859(L)               –          8.93%             7.90%
                                                       corporation(2)


Shenzhen Capital Group Co., Ltd.   H Shares          Beneficial owner         10,352,962(L)               –          2.93%             2.59%
  (深圳市創新投資集團有限公司)                  H Shares          Interest in controlled   11,413,077(L)               –          3.23%             2.85%
                                                       corporation(3)


Shenzhen Greenpine Growth          H Shares          Beneficial owner         21,698,003(L)               –          6.13%             5.42%
  Equity Investment Partnership
  (Limited Partnership) (深圳市松
  禾成長股權投資合夥企業(有限
  合夥) (“Greenpine Growth”)


Qianhai Equity Investment Fund     Domestic Shares   Beneficial owner          2,935,892(L)          6.36%                –            0.73%
  (Limited Partnership)            H Shares          Beneficial owner         16,636,724(L)               –          4.70%             4.16%
  (前海股權投資基金(有限合夥))
  (“Qianhai Equity”)


Wuxi Chanfa Trade in Service       Domestic Shares   Beneficial owner          3,031,596(L)          6.57%                –            0.76%
  Investment Fund Partnership      H Shares          Beneficial owner          3,031,597(L)               –          0.86%             0.76%
  (Limited Partnership)
  (無錫產發服務貿易投資基金
  合夥企業(有限合夥))




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       ｜    51
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                   percentage     Approximate
                                                                                                   of the total    percentage     Approximate
                                                                                   Number of            issued     of the total   percentage of
                                                        Capacity/                   securities       domestic           issued         the total
Name of Shareholders                  Class of Shares   Nature of interest              held(1)   share capital H share capital    share capital


Shenzhen Qianfan Qihang No.1          Domestic Shares   Beneficial owner          5,097,899(L)         11.04%                –           1.27%
  Private Equity Investment Fund
  Partnership (Limited Partnership)
  (深圳千帆企航壹號私募股權投
  資基金合夥企業(有限合夥))


Mr. Liu Dan (劉丹)                      Domestic Shares   Beneficial owner          3,572,450(L)          7.74%                –           0.89%


Nanshan Emerging Industry             H Shares          Beneficial owner(4)      18,365,200(L)               –          5.19%            4.59%
  Investment (Hong Kong) Co.,
  Limited


Nanshan Strategic Emerging            H Shares          Interest in controlled   18,365,200(L)               –          5.19%            4.59%
  Industries Investment Co., Ltd.*                        corporation(4)
  (南山戰略新興產業投資有限
  公司)


Shenzhen Nanshan District State-      H Shares          Interest in controlled   18,365,200(L)               –          5.19%            4.59%
  owned Assets Supervision                                corporation (4)


  and Administration Bureau
  (Shenzhen Nanshan District
  Collective Assets Administration
  Bureau)* (深圳市南山區國有資
  產監督管理局(深圳市南山區集
  體資產管理局))




52     ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                                       REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Notes:

(1)      The letter “L” denotes a person’s long position (as defined under Part XV of the SFO) in the shares of the Company.

(2)      As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Liu Yang acted as the general partner of three share incentive platforms, including Shenzhen Lumo
         Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市魯墨諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥) (“Lumo LP”), Shenzhen Qimo Investment Partnership
         (Limited Partnership) (深圳市齊墨投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Qimo LP”) and Shenzhen Chumo Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
         (深圳市楚墨諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Chumo LP”). Under the SFO, Mr. Liu Yang is deemed to be interested in the entire Shares held by
         Lumo LP, Qimo LP and Chumo LP.

(3)      As at the date of this annual report, Shenzhen Nanshan Hongtu Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深圳市南山紅土股
         權投資基金合夥企業(有限合夥) (“Nanshan Hongtu”) and Shenzhen Hongtu Chuangke Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) (深
         圳市紅土創客創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Hongtu Chuangke”) were ultimately controlled by Shenzhen Capital Group Co., Ltd. (深圳
         市創新投資集團有限公司) (“SCGC”). Under the SFO, SCGC is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Nanshan Hongtu and Hongtu
         Chuangke.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Directors were not aware of any other persons/entities (other than the
Directors and chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024        ｜    53
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




LOCK-UP PERIODS
The table below sets out the list of persons who are, together with their respective close associates, subject to lock-up
requirements pursuant to Rule 18C.14 of the Listing Rules:


                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                        percentage of
                                                                                       shareholding in
                                                                                       the total issued
                                                                         Aggregate     share capital of
                                                                 number of Shares      the Company at
                                                                 held at the date of   the date of this
Name                    Capacity                                 this annual report annual report (%)     Lock-up Period


Key persons and their
  close ssociates
Mr. Liu Peichao         Founder, chairman of our Board,                  95,847,016              23.71    The period
                           executive Director, general manager                                            commencing on the
                           and core R&D team member                                                       date by reference to
Yuejiang LP             Share incentive platform controlled by           12,599,991               3.12    which disclosure of its
                           Mr. Liu Peichao                                                                shareholding is made
Qinmo LP                Shareholding platform controlled and              3,441,999               0.85    in the Prospectus and
                           managed by Mr. Liu                                                             ending on the date
Mr. Lang Xulin          Co-founder, executive Director, chief             7,968,213               1.97    which is 12 months
                           scientist and core R&D team member                                             from the Listing Date
Mr. Wu Zhiwen           Co-founder                                        7,968,213               1.97
Share Incentive
  Platforms
Lumo LP                 Share incentive platform where the               14,897,259               3.69
                           Company’s founder, executive
                           Directors, senior management and
                           core R&D team members hold
                           partnership interest
Qimo LP                 Share incentive platform where the               12,961,193               3.21
                           Company’s founder, executive
                           Directors, senior management and
                           core R&D team members hold
                           partnership interest
Chumo LP                Share incentive platform where the               11,633,873               2.88
                           Company’s founder, executive
                           Directors, senior management and
                           core R&D team members hold
                           partnership interest




54     ｜      SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                            REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                       shareholding in
                                                                                        the total issued
                                                                        Aggregate       share capital of
                                                                 number of Shares      the Company at
                                                                held at the date of     the date of this
Name                       Capacity                              this annual report annual report (%)      Lock-up Period


Pathfinder SIIs
SCGC                       Pathfinder SII                               10,352,962                  2.56   The period
Nanshan Hongtu             Pathfinder SII                                8,258,657                  2.04   commencing on the
Hongtu Chuangke            Pathfinder SII                                3,154,420                  0.78   date by reference to
Greenpine Growth           Pathfinder SII                               21,698,003                  5.37   which disclosure of its
Qianhai Equity             Pathfinder SII                               19,572,616                  4.84   shareholding is made
CICC Qizhi (Shanghai)      Pathfinder SII                               16,168,502                  4.00   in the Prospectus and
  Private Equity                                                                                           ending on the date
  Investment Center L.P.                                                                                   which is six months
  (中金祺智(上海)股權                                                                                              from the Listing Date
  投資中心(有限合夥))


COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, save as disclosed in the Prospectus, none of the Directors or Controlling
Shareholders or any of their respective associates has any interests in any business that competes or may compete, directly or
indirectly, with the business of the Group or has any other conflict of interests with the Group.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21
and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
No contract of significance (including contract of significance for the provision of services) was entered into between the
Company or its subsidiaries and the Controlling Shareholders or any of its subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December
2024 or subsisted as at 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024        ｜      55
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




TAXATION
During the Year, the Company and its subsidiaries were subject to the PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% of taxable
profits according to the requirements under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law which became effective on 1 January 2008.
The relevant details are set out in note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 133 to 134 of this annual
report.


The Company is qualified as a high and new technology enterprise and was subject to income tax at a preferential tax rate of
15% for the year ended 31 December 2024.


The Company was approved as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” and entitled to a preferential income tax rate of
15% during 2024. This qualification is subject to review by the relevant tax authority in the PRC for every three years.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for the pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the PRC laws, which would oblige the
Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing Shareholders.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules since its listing on 23 December 2024 up to the date of this
annual report.


RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. Competitive remuneration packages and
a sound performance appraisal system with appropriate incentives are provided and implemented to attract and motivate
employees. In addition, to conform to the market standard, the Group regularly reviews the remuneration package of
employees and makes necessary adjustments. Moreover, the Group understands the importance of maintaining good
relationship with customers and suppliers is vital to achieve its long-term goals. Thus, senior management of the Group have
kept good communication, promptly exchanged ideas and shared business update with them as and when appropriate.
During the year, there was no material and significant dispute between the Group and its customers and suppliers.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
As the H Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date of 23 December 2024, the CG Code was not
applicable to the Company prior to the Listing Date. The Company aims to achieve high standards of corporate governance,
which are crucial to the Company’s development and safeguard the interests of the Shareholders.


Since the Listing Date, the Company has applied the principles of good corporate governance and adopted the code
provisions of the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance. The Company has complied with all applicable code
provisions set out in Part 2 of the CG Code during the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2024, save as the below.




56    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                            REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, companies listed on the Stock Exchange are expected to comply
with, but may choose to deviate from the requirement that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not have a separate chairman and chief executive and Mr. Liu
Peichao currently performs these two roles. Our Board believes that vesting the roles of both the chairman of our Board and
general manager in the same person has the benefit of (1) ensuring consistent leadership within our Company, (2) enabling
more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for our Company, and (3) facilitating the flow of information between
the management and our Board. Our Board considers that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement
will not be impaired and this structure will enable our Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively.
Our Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of the chairman of our Board and the general manager
of our Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of our Company as a whole. The
Board will review the corporate governance structure and practices from time to time and shall make necessary arrangements
when the Board considers appropriate.


Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the Corporate Governance Report contained on pages
22 to 40 of this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding
securities transactions by the Directors and Supervisors.


The Board is pleased to confirm that, after making specific enquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, all Directors and
Supervisors have fully complied with the standards required according to the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the
Listing Rules during the Year.


MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Group was not involved in any material legal proceeding during the year ended 31 December 2024.


LOAN AND GUARANTEE
Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had not made any loan or
provided any guarantee for loan, directly or indirectly, to the Directors, senior management of the Company, the Controlling
Shareholders or their respective connected persons.


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS
The Company confirmed that it had received the annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-
executive Directors in compliance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules on 24 March 2025. The Company is of the view that the
independent non-executive Directors remain independent during the Year in accordance with the relevant requirements of
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     ｜    57
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




INTEREST OF COMPLIANCE ADVISER
In accordance with Rule 3A.19 of the Listing Rules, the Company has appointed Guotai Junan Capital Limited (“GTJA”) to
be the compliance adviser. GTJA, being the sponsor of the Company in relation to the Listing, has declared its independence
pursuant to Rule 3A.07 of the Listing Rules. Save as provided for in relation to the global offering and/or disclosed in the
Prospectus, neither GTJA nor any of its associates and none of the directors or employees of GTJA who have been involved
in providing advice to the Company as the sponsor, has or may, as a result of the global offering, have any interest in any
securities of the Company or any other companies of the Group (including options or rights to subscribe for such securities).


TREASURY POLICIES
The Group has adopted a prudent financial management approach towards its treasury policies and thus maintained
a healthy liquidity position throughout the period under review. The Group strives to reduce exposure to credit risk by
performing ongoing credit assessments and evaluations of the financial status of its customers debtors. To manage liquidity
risk, the Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that sufficient financial resources are available in order
to meet its funding requirements and commitment timely.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, some of which are beyond its
control:


(1)    difficulty in evaluating our business and prospect due to our limited operating history and limited track record in the
       commercialization of our products;


(2)    uncertainties in the growth of the size of our addressable markets and the demand for our products;


(3)    failure to compete with our competitors;


(4)    failure to advance our technology development and introduce new products;


(5)    deterioration in relationships with distributors;


(6)    failure to deliver desired research and development results after significant investments;


(7)    failure to obtain or maintain adequate intellectual property rights protection for our products;


(8)    failure to obtain additional capital when desired on favorable terms or at all;


(9)    adverse impact on our cash flow, liquidity and profitability due to significant research and development expenditures
       and capital expenditures for our business operations; and


(10)   failure to achieve profitability in the near future.




58     ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                              REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




MARKET RISKS
The Group is exposed to various types of market risks, including fluctuations in interest rates and risk of change in industrial
regulatory policies.


Interest rate risk
The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the cash and bank deposits held by the Group, interest-bearing
bank and other borrowings. The Group mainly controls its exposure to interest rate risks associated with certain cash holdings
and bank deposits, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings by placing them in appropriate short-term deposits at fixed or
floating interest rates and at the same time by borrowing loans at a mixture of fixed or floating interest rates.


The Group had not used any interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk during the Year.


Risk of change in industrial regulatory policies
An array of laws, regulations and rules on the cobot industry in China constitute the external regulatory and legal
environment for the Company’s ordinary and continuous operation and have great influence on the Company’s business
development, production and operation, domestic and foreign trade, and capital investment etc. Changes in relevant
industrial regulatory policies may have corresponding effects on the Company’s production and operation.


Foreign exchange risk
Based on the global development of our Group’s business and the establishment of overseas branches, our revenue is
measured in US dollars, euros, Japanese yen, and Chinese yuan and the proceeds of initial pubulic offering is measured in
Hong Kong dollars. As at 31 December 2024, the Group has not formulated any foreign currency hedging policies for foreign
currency transactions, assets, and liabilities. The Group will regularly review foreign exchange risks and use derivative financial
instruments to hedge such risks as necessary.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2024.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
VENTURES
The Group did not have any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year
ended 31 December 2024.


CHARGE ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS
As at 31 December 2024, no material asset of the Group had been pledged.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024      ｜    59
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD
During the Reporting Period the Group did not hold any significant investment in equity interest in any other company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
From the Listing Date up to 31 December 2024, there was no purchase, sale or redemption of any listed securities (including
sale of treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules)) of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. As at
31 December 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS
Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in the section headed “Use of Net Proceeds from the Global Offering” in this report,
the Group did not have plan for material investments and capital assets as at the date of this report.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
As at the date of this annual report, there were no material subsequent events after the Reporting Period.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
It is proposed that the annual general meeting of the Company (“AGM”) will be held on Tuesday, 3 June 2025. The record
date for the purpose of ascertaining the eligibility of the holders of H shares to attend and vote at the AGM is on Wednesday,
28 May 2025. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the forthcoming AGM, holders of H Shares must lodge all
completed transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates with the Company’s H Share Registrar,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shop 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong on or before 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 28 May 2025. The notice of the AGM will be dispatched
to the Shareholders in the manner in which the Shareholders have selected to receive corporate communications and made
available at the Company’s and the Stock Exchange’s websites in due course.


AUDITORS
A resolution to re-appoint the retiring auditors, Ernst & Young, is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting
of the Company.


The H Shares of the Company were only listed on the Stock Exchange on 23 December 2024, and there has been no change
in auditors since the Listing Date and up to 31 December 2024. A resolution to re-appoint the retiring auditor, Ernst & Young, is
to be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.




60    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                        REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




DONATION
No charitable or other donations were made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024.


Liu Peichao
Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and General Manager
深圳市越疆科技股份有限公司
SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
Shenzhen, the PRC, 24 March 2025




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   ｜   61
REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE


In 2024, the supervisory committee (“Supervisory Committee”) comprehensively fulfilled its supervision duties over
members of the Board and senior management of the Company as authorized at the general meetings in accordance with
the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association.


MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
In 2024, two supervisory committee meetings were held by the Supervisory Committee. Details of the meetings are set out as
follows:


On 31 May 2024, the Company held a meeting of the Supervisory Committee, among which the “The Work Report of the
Supervisory Committee in 2023” and other proposals were considered and approved. Additionally, the 2024 work report was
presented to the annual general meeting.


On 31 May 2024, the Company held a meeting of the the Supervisory Committee, at which the overall plan of the
Company’s issuance of overseas-listed foreign shares (H shares) and listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited was considered and approved.


INDEPENDENT OPINIONS OF SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON RELEVANT MATTERS OF
THE COMPANY
Legality of Company’s operation
In the opinion of the Supervisory Committee, the Company operated in compliance with relevant laws and regulations,
including the Company Law, and the Articles of Association. The procedures for making decisions on operation were in
accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and up to standard, thus making satisfactory results. The Directors and
senior management of the Company were able to perform their duties in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and
the Articles of Association and exercise their powers in a proper and diligent manner without any act in violation of laws,
regulations or the Articles of Association or contrary to the interest of the Company or the Shareholders.


Implementation of resolutions
The Supervisory Committee had no objection to the contents of resolutions submitted to the general meetings. The
Supervisory Committee considered that the resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings and the Board meetings were
implemented effectively.




62    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                                    REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE




Company’s financial position
The Company strictly observed the accounting principles. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s financial structure was
reasonable and complete, and the annual financial report was able to give a true and accurate reflection of the Company’s
financial position and operating results. The information stated in the reports did not contain any false record, misleading
statement or material omission. The Company’s 2024 annual financial report was audited by Ernst & Young and a standard
unqualified opinion were issued.


Actual application of funds raised by the Company
During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee supervised the actual application of funds raised. The Supervisory
Committee was of opinion that the Company strictly complied with the use disclosed in the prospectus of the Company
dated 13 December 2024 (the “Prospectus”) in the management of funds raised. The use of funds raised conformed to the
Company’s project plan and approval decision procedure without any appropriation of funds raised in breach of stipulation.


Review of Supervisory Committee on internal control evaluation report
The Supervisory Committee has conducted a review on the Company, and considered that the Company has established
an appropriate internal control system in all material aspects and the internal control management system has operated
effectively, thus ensuring its consistent implementation and normal production and operation.


WORK PLAN OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR 2025
In 2025, the Supervisory Committee will continue to fulfill and comply with its supervision duties conferred by the relevant
laws and regulations and the Articles of Association over members of the Board and senior management of the Company
and strengthen its supervision function to improve the corporate governance structure of the Company. The Supervisory
Committee will pay more attention to the legality of the decision-making procedures and material decisions made by the
Company, and is determined to implement the pre-set strategies and policies of the Company. Furthermore, by increasing
supervision and facilitating communications with both internal and external auditors, the Supervisory Committee aims to
prevent operational and financial risks, so as to further reinforced internal control system and safeguard the interests of the
Company and its Shareholders.


Best regards,
Wan Ying
Chairlady of the Supervisory Committee
深圳市越疆科技股份有限公司
SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
Shenzhen, the PRC, 24 March 2025




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024    ｜    63
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


ABOUT THIS REPORT
Basis of Preparation
This Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report (the “Report”) provides a summary of the performance in
the ESG of SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD (the “Group” or “we”) in 2024. This report is prepared in accordance with the
Appendix C2 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEX”) (“ESG Code”).


Reporting Scope
This report covers the Group’s business operations from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 (the “Reporting Period”),
provides an overview of the Group’s overall ESG performance, as well as a review and outlook for some content to maintain
the continuity and integrity of information. This report covers SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD and its subsidiaries, and is
consistent with the scope of the consolidated financial statements in the Annual Report.


Reporting Principles
This Report follows the reporting principles in HKEX’s ESG Code, including:


•      Materiality: The Group identified material ESG issues relevant to its operations through a materiality assessment. This
       process included soliciting stakeholder input to prioritize ESG topics and verifying materiality with the Group’s Board
       of Directors (“the Board”).


•      Quantitative: To comprehensively assess the Group’s ESG performance during the Reporting Year, the Group
       disclosed applicable quantitative key performance indicators (KPIs) from the Guide, specifying the standards,
       methodologies, assumptions, and calculation references used, including sources for key conversion factors.


•      Consistency: Unless otherwise stated, this Report adopts consistent preparation methods to enable meaningful
       comparisons of the Group’s ESG information over time.


•      Balance: This Report presents an unbiased disclosure of the Group’s ESG performance during the Reporting Year,
       providing stakeholders with objective and reliable references.


Feedback
We welcome your valuable feedback on the Group’s ESG performance and this Report. Please feel free to contact us via the
following channels:


Phone: 0755–26413681
Email: ir@dobot-robots.com
Official Website: www.dobot.cn




64    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ESG GOVERNANCE
Board Statement
The Group adheres to principles of lawful, ethical, and responsible operations, striving to create long-term positive impacts
for customers, suppliers, and the communities we affect through our ESG initiatives. We firmly believe that sustainable
development is not only a core driver of corporate growth but also a significant demonstration of corporate social
responsibility.


The Board places a high priority on ESG matters and, with close collaboration from the management team, has established
a robust governance framework to ensure consistency and effectiveness in the Group’s ESG practices. Through regular
reviews, the Board conducts comprehensive evaluations of the Group’s ESG performance and compliance status. By drawing
on industry best practices and benchmarks, the Group aims to set standards for continuous improvement and maintain the
leading position in sustainable development. To ensure the effective implementation of ESG visions, strategies, and initiatives,
the Board closely monitors collaboration and execution across business departments while establishing interdepartmental
communication channels to facilitate smooth exchanges on ESG-related topics. Through regular meetings, the Board provides
strategic guidance on the Group’s future ESG development and drives policy implementation, ensuring steady progress
on the path to sustainable development. The Board also gains insights into key findings and implementation progress
through annual ESG reports submitted by management, which serve to guide future initiatives. Additionally, the Board
reviews updates on ESG strategies through meetings, specialized reports, and other channels to ensure overall business
operations align with sustainability goals. The Board regularly evaluates the Group’s ESG performance targets and progress,
covering short-term, medium-term, and long-term objectives to ensure their achievement. In addressing global sustainability
challenges, the Board assumes leadership responsibility. It closely monitors market trends and regulatory changes related to
ESG and adjusts the Group’s operational strategies to mitigate potential risks and seize opportunities that may impact the
business. During the identification and evaluation of ESG-related risks, the Board oversees the execution effectiveness of
each department and guides working groups to explore optimal solutions, minimizing the Group’s negative impact on the
environment and society.


We value communication with key stakeholders, including investors, governments, employees, and communities. By regularly
reviewing stakeholder concerns, the Board ensures the Group’s long-term strategy meets the expectations of all parties.
The Board also monitors the impact of ESG performance on stakeholders and reports the results of relevant management
strategies to build trust-based relationships with them.


Looking ahead, the Board will continue to fulfill its supervisory and advisory responsibilities, driving innovation and excellence
in the Group’s ESG initiatives. We are confident that through continued efforts, the Group will achieve business growth while
generating greater positive impacts on society and the environment, positioning itself as a model enterprise for sustainability.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024      ｜    65
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Stakeholder Communication
The Group places great importance on communication with stakeholders, regularly engaging with them through diversified
channels to understand their expectations and concerns. By hosting meetings, conducting surveys, and organizing community
activities, we enhance interaction and incorporate stakeholder feedback into business decisions. Moving forward, we
will continue to optimize communication mechanisms, deepen collaborative relationships, and create greater value for
stakeholders while balancing economic, social, and environmental benefits, promoting joint development between the
enterprise and society.


Stakeholder                    Key Concerns                           Communication Channels


Shareholders/Investors         •   Corporate governance               •   General meetings
                               •   Business development               •   Announcements
                               •   Compliance operations              •   Press releases
                               •   Risk management
                               •   Financial performance

Customers                      •   Business stability                 •   Customer satisfaction surveys
                               •   Information security               •   Customer inquiries, complaints, and callbacks
                               •   Quality management                 •   Customer exchange meetings
                                                                      •   Market research

Government and Regulators      •   Business performance               •   Cooperation with regulatory inspections
                               •   Compliance operations              •   Government-enterprise forums
                                                                      •   Information disclosures
                                                                      •   Comprehensive risk management system

Employees                      •   Compensation and benefits          •   Employee training systems
                               •   Training and development           •   Benefit assurance programs
                               •   Occupational health and safety     •   Performance appraisal and promotion systems
                                                                      •   Internal grievance and reporting channels
                                                                      •   Employee satisfaction surveys

Business Partners              •   Business stability                 •   Fair procurement policies
                               •   Supply chain management            •   Tendering activities
                               •   Compliance operations              •   Industry collaboration
                               •   Anti-corruption                    •   Integrity declarations


Materiality Assessment
During the Reporting Year, the Group conducted an annual ESG materiality assessment by distributing online questionnaires
to key stakeholders. This assessment evaluated both the significance of issues to stakeholders and their importance to the
Group’s business and strategy. Ultimately, 46 ESG-related topics were identified, which form the core objectives for future
ESG management and are disclosed in detail in this Report.




66    ｜     SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Assessment Process:


1.    ESG Topic Identification: The Group initially identified ESG topics closely related to its business operations based
      on business strategy, industry characteristics, national policies, applicable regulatory requirements, and industry
      standards, ensuring comprehensive coverage and alignment with operational needs.


2.    ESG Topic Evaluation: Using “stakeholder relevance” and “business importance” as core evaluation dimensions, we
      incorporated stakeholder and expert feedback to assess and prioritize identified topics. An ESG Materiality Matrix was
      created to visually represent the relative importance of each topic.


3.    ESG Topic Confirmation: To ensure the accuracy, relevance, and validity of the assessment results, the Board
      reviewed and validated the findings, ensuring the selected topics adequately reflect the Group’s business
      characteristics and sustainability needs, providing strong support for future management efforts.


                                                                                                                          40

                                                                                                            1
                                                                                                       31            36        35
                                                                                                                          25
                                                                                           30     26 20          19
                                                                    7    27                 21         38            23
                                                               9                   11 33       22 32            29
                                                                                             10
                                                          4                                34 43                               39




              Materiality to stakeholders
                                                                        17
                                                  3                                28
                                                                    6                      8      24
                                                                                                                     37
                                                                                           18
                                                      2                                      12




                                                                              45
                                            5
                                                                    44




                                                               46




                                                          Materiality to the Group




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   ｜   67
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Aspect                   Issue


Environmental            1.      Environmental Compliance*
                         2.      Air Pollutant Management
                         3.      Vehicle Emissions Management
                         4.      Wastewater Management
                         5.      Noise Management
                         6.      Greenhouse Gas Emission Management
                         7.      Waste Management
                         8.      Use of Energy
                         9.      Use of Water Resource
                         10.     Green Office
                         11.     Green Factory
                         12.     Green Energy Project
                         13.     Green Building
                         14.     Use of Raw Material and Packaging Material
                         15.     Soil Pollutant Management
                         16.     Ecological Protection
                         17.     Responding to Climate Change
                         18.     Environmental Accident Prevention and Handling

Labor Practice           19.     Employment Compliance*
                         20.     Compensation and Benefit*
                         21.     Working Hours and Holidays
                         22.     Diversity and Equal Opportunity
                         23.     Occupational Health and Safety*
                         24.     Training and Development
                         25.     Prevention of Child Labor and Forced Labor*

Governance               26.     ESG Responsible Concepts*
                         27.     ESG Responsibility Management System Framework
                         28.     Stakeholder Engagement and Duty Management
                         29.     Compliance Management
                         30.     Corporate Governance and Risk Management




68    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Aspect                                Issue


Operation Practice                    31.      Operation Compliance*
                                      32.      Managing Environmental Risks in the Supply Chain
                                      33.      Managing Social Risks in the Supply Chain
                                      34.      Procurement Practice
                                      35.      Quality Management*
                                      36.      Costumers Health and Safety*
                                      37.      Responsible Marketing and Promotion
                                      38.      Customer Service Management*
                                      39.      Protecting Intellectual Property Rights*
                                      40.      Research and Development*
                                      41.      Information Security
                                      42.      Customers Privacy Protection
                                      43.      Anti-Corruption

Community Investment                  44.      Charity
                                      45.      Promote Community Development
                                      46.      Poverty Alleviation Work


*   The most important ESG issue of the year



QUALITY FIRST
Business Ethics
The Group adheres to the highest standards of ethical conduct and principles of integrity, promoting fair, impartial, and
transparent business practices across all operations. We have established a comprehensive anti-fraud policy that covers areas
such as conflicts of interest, confidentiality, bribery prevention, anti-corruption, and equal opportunities. This policy ensures
that all employees and business partners conduct themselves in compliance with business ethics. Any violations of the anti-
fraud policy or ethical standards will be addressed based on the severity of the situation and may result in the termination of
business partnerships or employment relationships.


To further strengthen ethical compliance, we have incorporated fraud risk assessment into the overall corporate risk
management framework. This is implemented through multi-level internal control measures, including approval,
authorization, verification, review, role segregation, and performance evaluations, to systematically prevent corruption and
bribery. Our efforts aim to create a business environment founded on integrity and fair competition, safeguarding the long-
term interests of the company and its stakeholders.


Additionally, we have established multiple secure and confidential reporting channels, such as a whistleblower hotline, a
dedicated email address, and suggestion boxes, providing employees and other stakeholders with accessible platforms to
report concerns. We encourage all internal and external stakeholders to report any violations, illegal activities, or actions that
may harm the Group’s interests, either anonymously or with their identity disclosed. We are committed to maintaining strict
confidentiality of all reports and protecting the legal rights of whistleblowers.



                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024     ｜    69
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the year, the Group did not experience any corruption-related lawsuits against the Group or its employees that were
concluded. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to improve its business ethics and anti-corruption management systems
while enhancing internal employee training and awareness campaigns. By fostering a culture of integrity, we aim to further
solidify our reputation and competitiveness within the industry.


Innovation and R&D
As an innovation-driven enterprise, the Group places great emphasis on research and development (R&D), viewing it as a
critical pillar for driving business growth and enhancing competitiveness. To standardize product development and project
management within the R&D process, we have established and implemented a comprehensive set of control measures
that cover every stage of R&D projects, from product development to design. These measures are designed to ensure
efficiency and quality throughout the development process, improving the conversion rate of R&D outcomes and ensuring
that products meet market demands. At the same time, we focus on continuously optimizing the design process to further
enhance innovation capabilities and competitive advantages.


We also place significant importance on intellectual property (IP) protection, recognizing it as a foundational element for
safeguarding technological innovation and maintaining the Group’s core competitiveness. The Group strictly complies with
relevant laws and regulations and has established a robust IP management system to ensure comprehensive protection
of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other IP rights throughout the R&D process. Additionally, we actively promote IP
awareness among employees, fostering a corporate culture that values and protects innovation. During the year, there were
no cases of IP violations involving the Group.


Looking ahead, we will continue to deepen our focus on R&D, delivering more valuable and innovative products to the
market while achieving our long-term sustainable development goals.


Product Responsibility
Ensuring product excellence is a core goal of the Group. We have implemented a comprehensive quality management system
to ensure that all products undergo rigorous testing before entering the market, meeting high standards of safety and
reliability. Furthermore, we actively manage and monitor customer feedback, treating it as a valuable resource for continuous
improvement. We take prompt and appropriate actions to address product quality and safety issues, ensuring every piece of
feedback is carefully handled and followed up.


Our stringent quality control processes encompass incoming material inspections, in-process production checks, and finished
product evaluations, ensuring that every stage of production and delivery adheres to the highest quality standards. This
commitment is reflected in the multiple international certifications we have obtained, including ISO 9001:2015 and ISO
14001:2015, showcasing our professionalism in health, safety, and service management.


Customer satisfaction is the foundation of our pursuit of excellence. Through a systematic complaint handling mechanism,
we respond promptly to customer feedback and complaints, conducting in-depth analyzes and independent investigations
while implementing improvement measures based on findings. To further enhance service quality, we conduct regular
customer satisfaction surveys, thoroughly reviewing and optimizing our products and services.




70    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the year, the Group maintained an exemplary track record: no products were recalled due to safety or health issues,
nor were there any major complaints related to product quality. We will continue to adhere to high-quality standards,
delivering safe and reliable products while striving to exceed customer expectations and set a benchmark for excellence in the
market.


Data Security and Privacy Protection
The Group recognizes the critical importance of data security and privacy protection in business operations and has
implemented a comprehensive information security management policy to strengthen security practices, standardize
operational processes, and enhance protection capabilities. This policy defines the information security management
framework, overseen by the Information Security Committee, which ensures the effective implementation of related
measures.


We strictly follow standardized approval processes when handling sensitive or confidential information to ensure data
integrity and security. To further safeguard data, all servers and office computers are required to have antivirus, anti-malware,
and intrusion prevention software installed as designated by the IT department. Unapproved removal of such software is
prohibited. These measures aim to establish a strong data security barrier for the Group’s operations.


In the event of internal data breaches or potential violations, employees are required to take immediate remedial actions
and report the incidents to the Information Security Team. The team responds quickly, investigating and resolving issues to
minimize risks. We will continue to strengthen information security management, ensuring the protection of data privacy
while maintaining stable business operations and providing stakeholders with reliable data security guarantees.


Supply Chain Management
The Group recognizes the importance of a sustainable supply chain for long-term development and is committed to building
a transparent, efficient, and responsible supply chain management system. When selecting suppliers, we adopt rigorous
evaluation criteria, considering factors such as product quality, delivery capabilities, production capacity, and compliance.
Only suppliers meeting these standards are included in the approved supplier list. Our procurement policy explicitly outlines
expectations and requirements for suppliers, prioritizing partnerships with those committed to sustainability.


The selection process places particular emphasis on suppliers’ environmental, health, and safety performance, which are
key evaluation metrics. Suppliers are also required to have written policies regulating employee behavior and ethics and to
provide transparent reports disclosing major environmental, social, and regulatory risks, along with corresponding mitigation
measures. We require suppliers to sign environmental and social responsibility commitments. These commitments ensure that
the supplied materials and products meet all environmental protection laws and social responsibility standards.


The Group conducts annual comprehensive evaluations of suppliers, reviewing their compliance, quality, and environmental
performance. Suppliers failing to meet collaboration standards are removed from the approved supplier list. For those
whose practices conflict with the Group’s policies, we suspend cooperation until they complete corrective actions and meet
requirements. Additionally, our procurement contracts mandate that suppliers deliver products meeting the Group’s quality,
safety, and environmental standards while encouraging the use of minimal raw materials, reduced water consumption, and
lower environmental impact to support the establishment of a green supply chain.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024      ｜    71
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




To further support sustainable development, the Group regularly identifies, evaluates, and monitors environmental and social
risks within the supply chain. We require suppliers to establish emergency response measures, such as conducting regular fire
and safety drills, to ensure workplace safety. We also consider suppliers’ labor policies, including employee compensation,
working conditions, hours, leave policies, and equal opportunities, and provide related labor standards training to promote
social responsibility.


The Group is dedicated to fostering a green supply chain by integrating environmental principles into every stage of
product design, procurement, production, logistics, and recycling. We believe that by collaborating with suppliers, we can
achieve business goals while driving sustainable development for the environment and society, creating long-term value for
stakeholders.


ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
The Group is committed to sustainable development, striving to balance business growth with environmental protection
by integrating environmental goals into daily operations. We comply with local laws and regulations where we operate,
establish internal environmental management systems, and implement an ISO 14001:2015-certified environmental
management system to control environmental impacts at the source and promote the synergy between economic growth
and environmental sustainability.


Emission Management
To address climate change and reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, the Group has set clear targets and implemented a
series of measures. Our targets include:


•       By 2026, reduce overall GHG emission intensity by 5% (baseline: 2023).


•       By 2026, reduce Scope 2 GHG emission intensity by 6% (baseline: 2023).


•       By 2026, reduce Scope 3 GHG emission intensity by 5% (baseline: 2023).


To achieve these goals, we have implemented several emission reduction initiatives, such as optimizing office energy usage,
promoting paperless operations to reduce paper consumption, encouraging employees to use public transportation, and
replacing unnecessary business travel with video conferencing. Additionally, we are exploring the adoption of electric
vehicles to gradually reduce the use of motor vehicles, further lowering carbon and air pollutant emissions associated with
transportation.


In waste management, the Group’s operations generate minimal hazardous waste; non-hazardous waste is managed through
classification, recycling, and reduction measures to minimize environmental impact. We have also set waste reduction targets,
committing to gradually decrease total waste volume through improved recycling rates, green supply chain practices, and
waste audit mechanisms, ensuring continuous improvement in waste management.


Looking ahead, we will continue to closely monitor GHG emissions and waste discharge, optimizing related strategies to
ensure effective implementation of our environmental goals. We are committed to contributing further to climate change
mitigation and resource conservation.



72     ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Resource Utilization
In resource management, the Group actively improves energy and water efficiency and has established the following energy-
saving and water-saving targets:


•      By 2026, reduce electricity consumption intensity by 4% (baseline: 2023).


•      By 2026, reduce water consumption intensity by 6% (baseline: 2023).


We closely monitor electricity usage at production facilities and offices, implementing measures such as optimizing energy use
patterns, deploying smart Internet of Things (IoT) platforms, installing smart lighting systems, and utilizing motion-activated
lights for precise energy control. Furthermore, we require employees to turn off electronic devices and unplug equipment
during non-working hours to reduce standby energy consumption. We have also implemented zoned lighting in public areas
to further minimize energy use.


For water management, we utilize municipal water supplies and do not face challenges in accessing water sources. We
continue to promote water-saving measures, such as encouraging employees to turn off taps securely, posting water-saving
reminders to raise awareness, and promptly repairing leaks. Additionally, we actively assess the availability of applicable water
sources and confirm that no major issues currently affect water use. However, to address potential future water resource
challenges, we have integrated water efficiency into core management practices, including regular water audits, process
optimizations, and recycling initiatives to ensure continuous improvement in water efficiency.


We believe that through the above energy- and water-saving measures, the Group can effectively reduce resource
consumption and achieve environmental goals. At the same time, we will continue exploring innovative solutions to further
enhance resource utilization efficiency, contributing positively to environmental protection and sustainable development.


Responding Climate Change
The growing impact of global warming poses significant challenges to business operations. The Group recognizes the physical
risks and opportunities associated with climate change and actively identifies, evaluates, and monitors its potential impacts
on business, strategies, and financial performance. We are committed to implementing forward-looking measures to mitigate
climate-related risks and capture opportunities for sustainable development.


Regarding physical risks, climate change leads to more frequent extreme weather events and changes in precipitation
patterns, posing significant challenges to business operations. For example, project planning and execution may be delayed,
transportation disruptions and supply chain interruptions may impact product delivery, and adverse effects on labor may
ultimately reduce production capacity. To address these risks, we have developed comprehensive crisis and emergency
management plans to mitigate the impact of extreme weather events on business operations.


To reduce the harm caused by abnormal weather conditions to employees and business, we have implemented a series of
measures, including emergency evacuation plans and safety alert mechanisms, ensuring employees and on-site personnel
receive timely guidance. We also adopt flexible work arrangements based on severe weather signals, such as typhoon
alerts, prioritizing employee safety. The Group closely monitors daily weather forecasts and promptly notifies employees and
relevant personnel to take necessary precautions, minimizing disruptions caused by extreme weather.



                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024     ｜    73
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Looking ahead, the Group will continue to optimize climate risk management strategies and improve its ability to respond
to extreme weather conditions. Simultaneously, we will enhance the identification of climate-related opportunities, driving
business transformation and innovation to lay a solid foundation for achieving sustainable development goals.


PEOPLE-CENTRIC
The Group adheres to a “people-centric” philosophy, aiming to create a fair, respectful, and safe work environment while
providing comprehensive support for employees’ professional development and well-being. We firmly believe that employees
are the cornerstone of sustainable corporate development. Therefore, we have established a series of policies and measures
to ensure compliance in employment, training and development, and occupational health and safety, enabling every
employee to realize their potential in an optimal environment.


Employment Compliance
In employment management, we uphold principles of fairness and impartiality, strictly implementing transparent recruitment
and promotion policies to ensure all employees have equal opportunities in hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, and
career development. We do not tolerate any form of discrimination, including on the basis of gender, sexual orientation,
disability, age, race, nationality, family status, or other legally protected characteristics. We actively promote diversity and
inclusion within the organization.


The Group strictly complies with labor laws and regulations and is committed to safeguarding employees’ fundamental rights.
We believe that respecting every employee’s legal rights is a cornerstone of sustainable corporate development. As such, we
have established comprehensive internal policies that explicitly prohibit the employment of child labor and any form of forced
labor, serving as fundamental principles for business operations. We implement rigorous recruitment verification measures,
requiring applicants to provide valid identification documents such as ID cards, birth certificates, and driver’s licenses to
ensure compliance in the hiring process. If cases of child labor or forced labor are discovered, we immediately provide
protection, contact relevant authorities, and handle the situation appropriately in accordance with the law.


We have developed a competitive compensation system, structuring salaries based on employees’ skills, experience,
qualifications, and job requirements, with annual reviews to ensure market competitiveness. To support employees’ long-
term career development, we have clearly defined processes for recruitment, transfers, rewards, and exit interviews in our
human resource management practices. We actively address and manage issues related to employee turnover to ensure
talent stability aligns with organizational growth.


Training and Development
To support employees’ professional and personal growth, we have established the Yuejiang Training Management System
to standardize and guide training activities while improving training quality. Based on business needs, we develop annual
training plans, offering internal training courses, external learning opportunities, and job-specific professional resources. We
also invite external experts to deliver specialized lectures, helping employees expand their knowledge and skills. Additionally,
we provide educational subsidies, tuition reimbursements, and exam leave to encourage lifelong learning.


We regularly organize team-building activities and workshops to strengthen team cohesion and promote a mentoring
program to foster collaboration and exchange among employees. We believe that investing in employees’ learning and
development not only enhances individual capabilities but also drives the Group’s long-term growth.



74    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Occupational Health and Safety
Ensuring employee health and safety is a top priority for the Group. We strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations,
establishing comprehensive occupational health and safety policies, including safety management and inspection plans, to
identify and address potential risks. During the past operational period, we maintained an excellent safety record with no
major incidents or significant health-related claims.


We are committed to providing employees with a safe working environment and ensuring all equipment is in safe operation.
We have implemented a clear and efficient system for reporting and handling potential hazards, injuries, and illnesses, with
corrective actions or penalties for unsafe behaviors. To further enhance safety, we provide necessary protective equipment
and develop emergency response measures, including plans for fire, explosion, and other emergencies. Regular drills and fire
evacuation exercises ensure all employees are familiar with emergency procedures.


We also prioritize safety training, providing comprehensive safety education for new hires and employees transitioning to new
roles. Specific risks associated with their work are addressed through targeted training programs. We emphasize daily safety
inspections, requiring employees to integrate safety checks into their routine responsibilities. Smoking is strictly prohibited in
the workplace, and spills and debris are promptly cleared to prevent accidents such as slips and falls.


Looking ahead, we will continue to refine our occupational health and safety mechanisms, enhance employee awareness of
safety risks and response capabilities, and create a safe, healthy, and comfortable working environment to protect the well-
being of all employees.


COMMUNITY INVESTMENT
The Group firmly believes that sustainable corporate development is closely tied to the prosperity and advancement of
the community. We are committed to nurturing the next generation of technology innovators, promoting educational
accessibility, and engaging in public welfare initiatives to provide diverse learning opportunities for young people and support
community development.


To inspire young people’s interest in technology, we have launched a robot public welfare experience program, inviting
young participants to visit our headquarters and experience immersive collaborative robot demonstrations. This program
not only sparks curiosity about AI technology but also ignites enthusiasm for exploring future technological advancements.
Looking forward, we will continue increasing investments in community education, collaborating with schools to establish
dedicated scholarships, encouraging technological innovation, and providing young people with more resources and support
to help them grow into innovative technology professionals.


Additionally, we actively participate in charitable donations and philanthropic activities to support the community through
practical actions. We plan to organize at least one donation event annually, including the donation of public welfare books
and secondhand items to promote resource recycling. We will also host an annual charity bazaar to encourage employee
participation in public welfare initiatives, spreading compassion throughout a broader community.


We believe that community progress is closely tied to our efforts. In the future, we will continue deepening community
engagement through educational, charitable, and philanthropic activities, promoting sustainable community development,
and contributing to a shared future with the community.



                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024      ｜    75
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




KPIS TABLE
Environmental Aspect
Indicators                              Unit                                2024

Air Pollutant
NOx                                     Kg                                   1.86
SOx                                     Kg                                   0.03
PM                                      Kg                                   0.14

GHG
Scope 1 Direct Emission                 t-CO2e                               4.99
Scope 2 Indirect Emission               t-CO2e                           1,424.00
Total GHG Emission                      t-CO2e                           1,428.99
GHG Emission Intensity                  t-CO2e/million RMB of revenue        3.82

Energy Consumption
Direct Energy Consumption               MWh                                20.39
Direct Energy Consumption Intensity     MWh                              1,762.44
Indirect Energy Consumption             MWh                              1,782.83
Indirect Energy Consumption Intensity   MWh/million RMB of revenue           4.77

Water Resource
Water Consumption                       Tonnes                          10,048.00
Water Consumption Intensity             Tonnes/million RMB of revenue      26.89

Waste
Non-hazardous Waste                     Kg                               5,740.20
Non-hazardous Waste Intensity           Kg/million of RMB revenue          15.36




76    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Social Aspect
Indicators                                                Unit                           2024

Employment

Total Employees                                           People                            560

By Gender                             Male                People                            416
                                      Female              People                            144

By Age                                <30                 People                            226
                                      31–50               People                            333
                                      >50                 People                              1

By Employment Type                    Full-time           People                            560
                                      Part-time           People                              0

Employee Turnover Rate                                    %                              38.69

By Gender                             Male                %                              41.38
                                      Female              %                              31.14

By Age                                <30                 %                              40.52
                                      31–50               %                              37.25
                                      >50                 %                              66.67

Training and Development

Total Number of Trained Employees                         People                            383

Employees Training Coverage                               %                              68.39

By Gender                             Male                %                              71.15
                                      Female              %                              60.42

By Employees Level                    Senior Management   %                             100.00
                                      Middle Management   %                              42.86
                                      General Employees   %                              69.40

Hours of Training per Employee                            Hour                           11.05

By Gender                             Male                Hour                           12.34
                                      Female              Hour                              7.34

By Employees Level                    Senior Management   Hour                           10.21
                                      Middle Management   Hour                              1.94
                                      General Employees   Hour                           12.00




                                                                   Annual Report 2024   ｜     77
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Indicators                                                    Unit                   2024

Occupational Health and Safety                                         2024   2023   2022

Number of working days lost due to work-related injuries      Days        0      0    115
Number of employees who died on the job                       People     0      0       0
Proportion of employees who die on the job                    %          0      0       0

Supplier

Number of Suppliers                                           Unit                   737

By Geographical Region                       China            Unit                    732
                                             Oversea          Unit                      5

Customer Service And Product Responsibility

% of products recalled due to health and safety issues        %                        0

Number of product and service complaints                      Case                   386

Anti-corruption

Number of corruption lawsuits filed against the Company and   Case                     0
its employees that have been concluded




78    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




HKEX ESG REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX
Aspects, General
Disclosure and KPIs   Description                                                                                   Section

A1 Emissions

General Disclosure    Information on:                                                            Environmental Protection –
                      (a)   the policies; and                                                        Emission management
                      (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                            significant impact on the issuer
                      relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water
                      and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

A1.1                  The types of emissions and respective emissions data.                      KPIS Table – Environmental
                                                                                                                     Aspect

A1.2                  Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas              KPIS Table – Environmental
                      emissions and intensity.                                                                       Aspect

A1.3                  Total hazardous waste produced and intensity.                              KPIS Table – Environmental
                                                                                                                     Aspect

A1.4                  Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity.                          KPIS Table – Environmental
                                                                                                                     Aspect

A1.5                  Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve           Environmental Protection –
                      them.                                                                          Emission management

A1.6                  Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are                  Environmental Protection –
                      handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps                Emission management
                      taken to achieve them.

A2 Use of Resources

General Disclosure    Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water        Environmental Protection –
                      and other raw materials.                                                          Resource Utilization

A2.1                  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type in total and             KPIS Table – Environmental
                      intensity.                                                                                     Aspect

A2.2                  Water consumption in total and intensity.                                  KPIS Table – Environmental
                                                                                                                     Aspect

A2.3                  Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken         Environmental Protection –
                      to achieve them.                                                                  Resource Utilization

A2.4                  Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that           Environmental Protection –
                      is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to             Resource Utilization
                      achieve them.

A2.5                  Total packaging material used for finished products and per unit              the Company’s business
                      produced.                                                                    basically does not involve
                                                                                                        packaging materials


                                                                                              Annual Report 2024    ｜    79
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Aspects, General
Disclosure and KPIs    Description                                                                               Section

A3 The Environment and Natural Resources

General Disclosure     Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant impact on the          Environmental Protection –
                       environment and natural resources.                                            Resource Utilization

A3.1                   Description of the significant impacts of activities on the            Environmental Protection –
                       environment and natural resources and the actions taken to                    Resource Utilization
                       manage them.

B1 Employment

General Disclosure     Information on:                                                                    People-Centric
                       (a)   the policies; and
                       (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                             significant impact on the issuer
                       relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and
                       promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                       diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.

B1.1                   Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and               KPIS Table – Social Aspect
                       geographical region.

B1.2                   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical            KPIS Table – Social Aspect
                       region.

B2 Health and Safety

General Disclosure     Information on:                                                                  People-Centric –
                       (a)   the policies; and                                                  Occupational Health and
                       (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a                            Safety
                             significant impact on the issuer
                       relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting
                       employees from occupational hazards.

B2.1                   Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the      KPIS Table – Social Aspect
                       past three years including the reporting year.

B2.2                   Lost days due to work injury.                                           KPIS Table – Social Aspect

B2.3                   Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted,                  People-Centric –
                       and how they are implemented and monitored.                              Occupational Health and
                                                                                                                  Safety

B3 Development and Training

General Disclosure     Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for            People-Centric – Training and
                       discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.                     Development

B3.1                   The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee              KPIS Table – Social Aspect
                       category.



80     ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Aspects, General
Disclosure and KPIs    Description                                                                                  Section

B3.2                   The average training hours completed per employee by gender               KPIS Table – Social Aspect
                       and employee category.

B4 Labour Standards

General Disclosure     Information on:                                                        People-Centric – Employment
                       (a)   the policies; and                                                                 Complaince
                       (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                             significant impact on the issuer
                       relating to preventing child and forced labour.

B4.1                   Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid        People-Centric – Employment
                       child and forced labour.                                                                Complaince

B4.2                   Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when            People-Centric – Employment
                       discovered.                                                                             Complaince

B5 Supply Chain Management

General Disclosure     Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply        Quality First – Supply Chain
                       chain.                                                                                 Management

B5.1                   Number of suppliers by geographical region.                               KPIS Table – Social Aspect

B5.2                   Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of       Quality First – Supply Chain
                       suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how                           Management
                       they are implemented and monitored.

B5.3                   Description of practices used to identify environmental and social       Quality First – Supply Chain
                       risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and                         Management
                       monitored.

B5.4                   Description of practices used to promote environmentally                 Quality First – Supply Chain
                       preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and                         Management
                       how they are implemented and monitored.

B6 Product Responsibility

General Disclosure     Information on:                                                                          Quality First
                       (a)   the policies; and
                       (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                             significant impact on the issuer
                       relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy
                       matters relating to products and services provided and methods of
                       redress.

B6.1                   Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for       KPIS Table – Social Aspect
                       safety and health reasons.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    ｜     81
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Aspects, General
Disclosure and KPIs   Description                                                                                Section

B6.2                  Number of products and service-related complaints received and              Quality First – Product
                      how they are dealt with.                                                 Responsibility; KPIS Table
                                                                                                         – Social Aspect

B6.3                  Description of practices relating to observing and protecting        Quality First – Innovation and
                      intellectual property rights.                                                                  R&D

B6.4                  Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.             Quality First – Product
                                                                                                           Responsibility

B6.5                  Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and      Quality First – Data security
                      how they are implemented and monitored.                                     and Privacy Protection

B7 Anti-corruption

General Disclosure    Information on:                                                      Quality First – Business Ethics
                      (a)      the policies; and
                      (b)      compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                               significant impact on the issuer
                      relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.

B7.1                  Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices          Quality First – Business Ethics
                      brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting        KPIS Table – Social Aspect
                      period and the outcomes of the cases.

B7.2                  Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing               Quality First – Business Ethics
                      procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored.

B7.3                  Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and    Quality First – Business Ethics
                      staff.

B8 Community Investment

General Disclosure    Policies on community engagement to understand the needs                   Community Investment
                      of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its
                      activities take into consideration the communities’ interests.

B8.1                  Focus areas of contribution.                                               Community Investment

B8.2                  Resources contributed to the focus area.                                   Community Investment




82     ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                  DOBOT AR • 12_E_250147_Auditor • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.83



                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                               Ernst & Young                       安永會計師事務所                     Tel電話: +852 2846 9888
                               27/F, One Taikoo Place              香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號                 Fax傳真: +852 2868 4432
                               979 King’s Road Quarry Bay,         太古坊一座27樓                     ey.com
                               Hong Kong

To the members of SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 89 to 172, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
December 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group
in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    ｜    83
                 DOBOT AR • 12_E_250147_Auditor • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.84



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Revenue recognition
In 2024, SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD recorded a                    Our audit procedures to address this matter included the
revenue of RMB373.7 million in the consolidated financial      following:
statements, representing an increase of RMB86.9 million or
30% as compared to the revenue in 2023, which was mainly       –    Understood, assessed and tested the design and the
derived from the sales of six-axis cobots and integrated            operating effectiveness of the controls in relation to
cobots products.                                                    revenue;

The Group distributes cobot products through direct sales      –    Obtained key sales contracts, checked and identified
and distributors, and recognises revenue from the sales of          contractual terms in relation to transfer of control
goods at the point of transfer of control.                          and revenue recognition, and assessed whether
                                                                    the accounting policies on revenue recognition was
Taking into consideration that there was a significant              appropriate;
increase in revenue during the year and the large amount of
revenue was sold to distributors or attributable to overseas   –    Tested sales transactions recorded before and after the
markets, inappropriate revenue recognition might have               balance sheet date, on sample basis, by tracing to the
a material effect on the financial statements. Therefore,           supporting documents such as delivery orders, logistics
revenue recognition was identified as a key audit matter.           documents, customer acceptance documents and
                                                                    export declarations to assess whether relevant revenue
Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4 Material              had been recognised in correct accounting periods;
accounting policies, note 4 Operating segment information
and note 5 Revenue, to the consolidated financial              –    Tested, on sample basis, the timing and amount of
statements.                                                         revenue recognition are appropriate by checking to
                                                                    the supporting documents such as sales order, delivery
                                                                    orders, logistics documents, customer acceptance
                                                                    documents, bank statements, export declarations and
                                                                    sales invoices;

                                                               –    Conducted analytical review procedures by comparing
                                                                    revenues and gross profit margins with prior years and
                                                                    analysed the reasonableness of the fluctuations;

                                                               –    Performed site visit and background check for selected
                                                                    customers;

                                                               –    Checked whether there was any significant reversal
                                                                    of revenue or sales returns after the reporting period;
                                                                    and

                                                               –    Checked the adequacy of the disclosures of revenue
                                                                    included in the notes to the consolidated financial
                                                                    statements.




84    ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                  DOBOT AR • 12_E_250147_Auditor • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.85



                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Inventory provision
As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of inventories      Our audit procedures to address this matter included the
was RMB137.5 million in the consolidated financial              following:
statements, comprising gross amount of RMB164.2 million,
and impairment provision of RMB26.7 million.                    –    Understood, assessed and tested the design and the
                                                                     operating effectiveness of the controls in relation to
The inventories were stated at the lower of cost or net              the processes of impairment provision for inventories;
realisable value. Net realisable value is based on estimated
selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred          –    Conducted confirmation procedures and performed
                                                                     stocktaking for inventories, observed the condition
to completion and disposal. Management periodically
                                                                     of inventories in stock-take to identify obsolete and
performed stock take to identify damaged, slow moving and
                                                                     damaged inventories;
obsolete inventories. The determination of the net realisable
value reflects management’s best estimate of the likely sales
                                                                –    Obtained the inventory impairment provision
prices and the physical condition of inventories, based on           calculation workings, reviewed the key estimations
the categories and ageing of the inventories.                        used in determining the net realizable value and re-
                                                                     calculated the amount of the inventory impairment
The amount of inventory impairment loss has a significant            provision;
impact on the financial statements and is subject to
significant management judgements and estimates.                –    Compared and analysed the inventory impairment
Therefore, impairment provision for inventories was                  provision with those of comparable companies within
identified as a key audit matter.                                    the same industry;


Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4 Material          –    Checked the adequacy of the disclosures of inventory

accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting                   provision included in the notes to the consolidated

judgements and estimates and note 17 Inventories, to the             financial statements.

consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   ｜    85
                  DOBOT AR • 12_E_250147_Auditor • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.86



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




86    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                 DOBOT AR • 12_E_250147_Auditor • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.87



                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
       internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
       audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
       doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
       required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
       or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
       obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
       to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
       of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
       statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
       the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024     ｜    87
                  DOBOT AR • 12_E_250147_Auditor • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.88



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Man Lok Chau.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
24 March 2025




88    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                          Notes   RMB’000               RMB’000


REVENUE                                                    5      373,678               286,749
Cost of sales                                                     (199,699)             (161,905)


Gross profit                                                      173,979               124,844


Other income and gains                                     5       41,296                43,831
Selling and distribution expenses                                 (138,033)             (127,389)
Administrative expenses                                            (88,823)              (53,065)
Research and development expenses                          6       (71,792)              (70,527)
Impairment losses on financial and contract assets, net             (2,678)               (4,002)
Other expenses                                                      (6,147)               (1,535)
Finance costs                                              7        (1,821)               (1,957)


LOSS BEFORE TAX                                            6       (94,019)              (89,800)


Income tax expense                                         10       (1,344)              (13,481)


LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                                  (95,363)             (103,281)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                             (95,363)             (103,281)
  Non-controlling interests                                              –                     –


                                                                   (95,363)             (103,281)


LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
  HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                    12
  Basic and diluted (RMB)                                            (0.26)                (0.29)




                                                                   Annual Report 2024    ｜    89
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                               2024        2023
                                                                    Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000


 LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                                           (95,363)   (103,281)


 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


 Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or
     loss in subsequent periods:
 Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                      198           86


 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                       (95,165)   (103,195)


 Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                                                    (95,165)   (103,195)
     Non-controlling interests                                                     –           –


                                                                             (95,165)   (103,195)




90    ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                       DOBOT AR • 14_E_250147_FP • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.91



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                      31 December 2024




                                                                              31 December 2024    31 December 2023
                                                                      Notes            RMB’000                RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                          13               177,198               189,770
Right-of-use assets                                                    15                32,992                33,831
Intangible assets                                                      14                 3,315                 2,255
Deferred tax assets                                                    18                 4,299                 1,902
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                            20                24,786                 5,278
Trade receivables                                                      19                   578                      –


Total non-current assets                                                                243,168               233,036


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                            17               137,520               141,520
Trade and bills receivables                                            19                79,490                41,608
Contract assets                                                        22                   512                    325
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                            20                52,922                30,844
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  21                95,517               174,383
Restricted bank deposits                                               23                 2,321                 2,210
Cash and cash equivalents                                              23               883,758               110,962


Total current assets                                                                  1,252,040               501,852


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                               24                40,687                30,907
Other payables and accruals                                            25                76,044                41,792
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                    –                    80
Interest-bearing bank loans                                            26               201,658                57,790
Lease liabilities                                                      15                 4,989                 4,874
Contract liabilities                                                   27                 6,841                10,939
Tax payable                                                                               2,305                14,415


Total current liabilities                                                               332,524               160,797


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                      919,516               341,055


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                 1,162,684               574,091




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    ｜    91
                     DOBOT AR • 14_E_250147_FP • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.92



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
31 December 2024




                                                                            31 December 2024    31 December 2023
                                                                    Notes            RMB’000            RMB’000


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing bank loans                                         26                16,150                  –
 Deferred income                                                     28               168,002           189,569
 Deferred tax liabilities                                            18                   749               559
 Lease liabilities                                                   15                 3,671              4,533
 Provision                                                           29                 6,823              6,127


 Total non-current liabilities                                                        195,395           200,788


 Net assets                                                                           967,289           373,303


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent
 Share capital                                                       30               400,000           360,000
 Reserves                                                            31               567,289             13,303


                                                                                      967,289           373,303


 Non-controlling interests                                                                  –                  –


 Total equity                                                                         967,289           373,303




92    ｜      SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                        DOBOT AR • 15_E_250147_Equity • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.93



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                               Share-based                         Exchange
                                                                                   payment     Accumulated        fluctuation
                                             Share capital Capital reserve          reserve            losses         reserve     Total equity
                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                 (note 30)                        (note 32)


    As at 1 January 2023                         360,000          103,300           54,593          (62,859)                –        455,034
    Loss for the year                                    –                –               –        (103,281)                –        (103,281)
    Exchange differences on translation
      of foreign operations                              –                –               –                –              86               86


    Total comprehensive loss for the year                –                –               –        (103,281)              86         (103,195)
    Share-based payments (note 32)                       –                –         21,464                 –                –          21,464


    As at 31 December 2023                       360,000          103,300           76,057         (166,140)              86         373,303


                                                                              Share-based                         Exchange
                                                                   Capital        payment Accumulated            fluctuation
                                            Share capital          reserve         reserve            losses         reserve    Total equity
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                (note 30)                         (note 32)


    As at 1 January 2024                         360,000          103,300           76,057         (166,140)              86         373,303
    Loss for the year                                    –                –               –         (95,363)                –         (95,363)
    Exchange differences on translation
      of foreign operations                              –                –               –                –             198              198


    Total comprehensive loss for the year                –                –               –         (95,363)             198          (95,165)
    Issue of share capital (note 30)               40,000         622,795                 –                –                –        662,795
    Share-based payments (note 32)                       –                –         26,356                 –                –          26,356


    As at 31 December 2024                       400,000         726,095*         102,413*        (261,503)*            284*         967,289

*         These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB567,289,000 (2023: RMB13,303,000) in the consolidated statement of
          financial position




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024        ｜        93
                      DOBOT AR • 16_E_250147_CF • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.94



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                     Notes            RMB’000        RMB’000


 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 Loss before tax                                                                       (94,019)       (89,800)
 Adjustments for:
 Finance costs                                                        7                  1,821          1,957
 Interest income                                                      5                 (2,082)        (2,313)
 Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment           6                  2,780           404
 Loss on disposal of intangible assets                                6                      –           195
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                          26,572        25,556
 Amortisation of intangible assets                                                       1,133           758
 Impairment of trade receivables                                                         2,628          3,909
 Impairment of contract assets                                                              67             35
 (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of other receivables                                  (17)            58
 Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                    6                 10,832        17,071
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     5,763          7,016
 Investment income from financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                                   5                   (189)        (2,657)
 Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit
     or loss                                                          5                 (4,104)        (4,132)
 Fair value losses on financial liabilities at fair value through
     profit or loss                                                   6                      –           771
 Equity-settled share-based payments                                  6                 26,356        21,464


                                                                                       (23,922)       (19,708)


 Increase in inventories                                                               (13,889)       (29,320)
 (Increase)/decrease in restricted bank deposits                                          (111)         6,979
 Increase in trade and bills receivables                                               (41,088)        (5,081)
 Increase in contract assets                                                              (254)          (278)
 Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                (6,990)       (10,552)
 Increase in trade and bills payables                                                    9,780             13
 Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                     25,218        (19,513)
 Decrease in contract liabilities                                                       (4,659)       (24,639)
 Decrease in deferred income                                                           (21,567)       (17,146)


 Cash generated used in operations                                                     (76,019)      (119,245)


 Income tax paid                                                                       (15,661)       (38,455)


 Net cash flows used in operating activities                                           (91,680)      (157,700)



94     ｜       SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                    DOBOT AR • 16_E_250147_CF • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.95



                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                     Notes          RMB’000               RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                                      2,082                 2,313
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                  (12,451)              (11,306)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                         (2,193)                  (52)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                4,426                   424
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          –              (370,251)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                                      83,251              392,548
Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                –               (71,540)
Prepayments for an equity investment                                                 (16,000)                    –


Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                                    59,115               (57,864)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank loans                                                                       218,091               57,790
Interest paid                                                                         (1,492)               (1,498)
Capital contribution by shareholders                                                 654,932                     –
Listing expenses paid                                                                 (2,137)                    –
Payments of lease liabilities                                                         (5,907)               (6,536)
Repayment of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
  loss                                                                                  (171)                    –
Repayment of bank loans                                                              (58,073)              (21,619)


Net cash flows from financing activities                                             805,243               28,137


NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS                                                                        772,678              (187,427)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                       110,962              297,763
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                             118                   626


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                             883,758              110,962


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                23             229,607               92,547
Time deposits with original maturity of less than three months
  when acquired                                                       23             654,151               18,415


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
  statements of financial position                                    23             883,758              110,962


                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    ｜    95
                       DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.96



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
      The Company is a joint stock company with limited liability incorporated in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China
      (the “PRC”) on 30 July 2015. The registered office address of the Company is 1003, Building 2, Chongwen Park,
      Nanshan Zhiyuan, No. 3370 Liuxian Avenue, Taoyuan Street, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, the PRC.


      During the year, The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) was principally engaged in
      the design, development, manufacture and commercialisation of collaborative robots.


      Information about subsidiaries
      Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                               Place and date of                             Percentage of equity
                                                               registration and place     Registered share       attributable
          Name                                                 of operations                       capital     to the Company              Principal activities
                                                                                                               Direct           Indirect


          Qingdao Yuejiang Intelligence Technology Co., Ltd.   Mainland China 27           RMB20,000,000       100%                   –    Manufacture of
             青島越疆智能科技有限公司*                                        February 2020                                                               collaborative
                                                                                                                                              robots
          Yuejiang Intelligent Robot (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.        Mainland China 22 July       RMB6,000,000       100%                   –    Sale of collaborative
             越疆智能機器人(蘇州)有限公司*                                     2021                                                                        robots
          Shenzhen Dobot Software Co., Ltd.                    Mainland China 26 July       RMB5,000,000       100%                   –    Manufacture of
             深圳市越疆科技軟件有限公司*                                       2018                                                                        collaborative
                                                                                                                                              robots
          Rizhao Yuejiang Intelligence Technology Co., Ltd.    Mainland China 21            RMB5,000,000       100%                   –    Manufacture of
             日照市越疆智能科技有限公司*                                       October 2020                                                                collaborative
                                                                                                                                              robots
          DOBOT HK LIMITED                                     Hong Kong 16 August             HKD10,000       100%                   –    Investment holding
                                                                  2021
          Qingdao Yuejiang Robotics Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China 26 April     RMB71,965,300            –            100%      Holding the land for
             青島越疆機器人有限公司*                                         2020                                                                        production base
          DOBOT USA LLC                                        United States 26 October      US$1,000,000           –            100%      Sale of collaborative
                                                                  2022                                                                        robots
          DOBOT Europe GmbH                                    Germany 4 May 2023             Euro 500,000          –            100%      Sale of collaborative
                                                                                                                                              robots
          DOBOT JAPAN                                          Japan 17 February 2023       JPY 20,000,000          –            100%      Sale of collaborative
                                                                                                                                              robots
          DOBOT NORTH AMERICA LLC                              The United States 25          US$1,000,000           –            100%      Investment holding
                                                                  October 2022

      *           These entites are registered as a limited liability company in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).




96   ｜      SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.97



                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION
           These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
           (“IFRSs”) (which include all International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards
           (“IASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”), and
           the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the
           historical cost convention except for certain financial instruments which have been measured at fair value.
           These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest
           thousand (RMB’000) except when otherwise indicated.


           Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
           (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024. A subsidiary is an entity
           (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the
           Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability
           to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i. e., existing rights that give the Group the current
           ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).


           Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has,
           less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
           circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


           (a)      the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


           (b)      rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


           (c)      the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


           The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
           consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
           obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


           Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent
           of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having
           a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
           transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
           changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest
           of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     ｜    97
                   DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.98



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.1    BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
             Basis of consolidation (Continued)
             If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any
             non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
             retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
             recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
             the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


      2.2.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
             The Group has adopted the following revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.


              Amendments to IFRS 16                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
              Amendments to IAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020
                                                              Amendments”)
              Amendments to IAS 1                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
              Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                Supplier Finance Arrangements

             The nature and the impact of the revised IFRS are described below:


             (a)      Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
                      arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount
                      of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback
                      transactions with variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the
                      date of initial application of IFRS 16, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position
                      or performance of the Group.


             (b)      The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current,
                      including what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end
                      of the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will
                      exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its
                      own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted
                      for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022
                      Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only
                      those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that
                      liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities that are
                      subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period.


                      The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 2024 and
                      concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged upon
                      initial application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the
                      financial position or performance of the Group.


98   ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.99



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.2.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)
            (c)      Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and
                     require additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments
                     are intended to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance
                     arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. As the Group does not
                     have supplier finance arrangements, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial
                     statements.


     2.3.   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
            The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
            effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised IFRSs, if applicable, when
            they become effective.


                IFRS 18                                   Presentation and Disclosure in financial statement3
                IFRS 19                                   Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures3
                Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7           Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                            Instruments2
                Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                            Associate or Joint Venture4
                Amendments to IAS 21                      Lack of Exchangeability1
                Annual Improvements to IFRS               Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 72
                  Accounting Standards – Volume 11

            1
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
            2
                     Effective for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
            3
                     Effective for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
            4
                     No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


            Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024       ｜   99
                DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.100



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.3.   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
             (Continued)

             IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 Presentation of financial statement. While a number of sections have been brought
             forward from IAS 1 with limited changes, IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
             statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income
             and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing,
             financing, income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires
             disclosures about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced
             requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the
             primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in IAS 1 are moved to
             IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as IAS 8 Basis of
             Preparation of financial statement. As a consequence of the issuance of IFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable,
             amendments are made to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, IAS 33 Earnings per Share and IAS 34 Interim
             Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other IFRSs. IFRS 18 and the
             consequential amendments to other IFRSs are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
             2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing
             the new requirements and assessing the impact of IFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s
             financial statements.


             IFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the
             recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other IFRSs. To be eligible, at the end of the
             reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statement, cannot
             have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares consolidated
             financial statements available for public use which comply with IFRSs. Earlier application is permitted. As the
             Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply IFRS 19. Some of the Company’s subsidiaries
             are considering the application of IFRS 19 in their specified financial statements.


             Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised
             and introduce an accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an
             electronic payment system before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify
             how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and
             governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for
             classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments
             also include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other
             comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features. The amendments shall be applied
             retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained profits (or other component of equity) at the initial
             application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of
             hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the same time or only the amendments related
             to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
             impact on the Group’s financial statements.




100 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.101



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.3.   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
            (Continued)

            Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and in IAS
            28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The
            amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the
            sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a
            business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the
            extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied
            prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 was removed by
            the IASB. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.


            Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
            currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is
            lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to
            understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying
            the amendments, an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying
            the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to
            the cumulative amount of translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where
            appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
            on the Group’s financial statements.


            Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7 (and
            the accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7), IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7. Details of the amendments
            that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:


            •      IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph
                   B38 of IFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing IFRS 7 for the
                   purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with
                   the concepts and terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the
                   Guidance on implementing IFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced
                   paragraphs of IFRS 7 nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The
                   amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


            •      IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease
                   liability has been extinguished in accordance with IFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph 3.3.3
                   of IFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. In addition, the amendments have
                   updated certain wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of IFRS 9 and Appendix A of IFRS 9 to remove potential
                   confusion. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
                   impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024      ｜   101
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.102



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.3.   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
             (Continued)

             •       IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statement: The amendments clarify that the relationship described in
                     paragraph B74 of IFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the
                     investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency
                     with the requirement in paragraph B73 of IFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments
                     are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


             •       IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost”
                     in paragraph 37 of IAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier
                     application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s
                     financial statements.


      2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
             Investment in an associate
             An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the
             equity voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate
             in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those
             policies.


             The Group’s investment in an associate is stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the
             Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. Adjustments
             are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist. The Group’s share of the post-
             acquisition results and other comprehensive income of an associate is included in the consolidated statement
             of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been
             a change recognised directly in the equity of an associate, the Group recognises its share of any changes,
             when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting
             from transactions between the Group and the associate are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investment
             in the associate, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred.
             Goodwill arising from the acquisition of an associate is included as part of the Group’s investment in an associate
             at Fair value measurement.




102 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.103



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Fair value measurement
           The Group measures its certain financial instruments at fair value at the end of each of the reporting period
           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
           transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on
           the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
           market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for
           the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair
           value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when
           pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest. at fair value
           measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
           benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use
           the asset in its highest and best use.


           The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
           are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
           unobservable inputs.


           All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
           within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
           fair value measurement as a whole:


           Level 1 – based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


           Level 2 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                    measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly


           Level 3 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                    measurement is unobservable


           For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
           determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based
           on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each of the
           reporting period.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024      ｜   103
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.104



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Impairment of non-financial assets
            Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other
            than inventories and deferred tax assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable
            amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of
            disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are
            largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is
            determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


            An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
            assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
            discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
            asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories
            consistent with the function of the impaired asset.


            An assessment is made at the end of each of the reporting period as to whether there is an indication that
            previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication
            exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than
            goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
            amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been
            determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in
            prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.


            Related parties
            A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


            (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person
                    (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                    (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                    (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


            or




104 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.105



                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
                  (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                  (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                           subsidiary of the other entity);


                  (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                  (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                           entity;


                  (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                           an entity related to the Group; (If the Group is itself such a plan) and the sponsoring employers
                           of the post-employment benefit plan;


                  (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                  (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                           management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                  (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                           services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


           Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
           Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
           depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its
           purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location
           for its intended use.


           Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as
           repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is
           incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is
           capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and
           equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with
           specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    ｜   105
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.106



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (Continued)
            Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
            equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose
            are as follows:


                                                                                                       Shorter of remaining
                                                                                                             lease terms and
             Leasehold improvements                                                                   estimated useful lives


             Buildings                                                                                        3.17% to 4.75%
             Furniture and fixtures                                                                               19% to 32%
             Electronic equipment and others                                                                     9.5% to 32%
             Motor vehicles                                                                                       19% to 32%

            Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
            allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful
            lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at the end of each of the
            reporting period.


            An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised
            upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on
            disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the
            difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


            Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to
            the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.


            Intangible assets
            Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
            acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets
            are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over
            the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset
            may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite
            useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each of the reporting period. Intangible assets are amortised on
            the straight-line basis over the following useful economic lives:


            Software                                                                                                 3 to 5 years




106 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.107



                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Research and development costs
           All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.


           Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group
           can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use
           or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future
           economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the
           expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is
           expensed when incurred.


           Leases
           The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
           a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
           exchange for consideration.


           Group as a lessee
           The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases
           and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use
           assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.


           (a)      Right-of-use assets

                    Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (i. e., the date the
                    underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
                    depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The
                    cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred,
                    and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
                    Where applicable, the cost of a right-of-use asset also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle
                    and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located.
                    Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the
                    estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


                    Factory, office and laboratory                                                                    1 to 5 years
                    Leasehold land                                                                                 30 to 50 years


                    If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects
                    the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024      ｜   107
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.108



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Group as a lessee (Continued)
            (b)      Lease liabilities

                     Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
                     payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
                     substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend
                     on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
                     payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by
                     the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
                     exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                     index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
                     the payment occurs.


                     In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at
                     the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
                     After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the a of interest
                     and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is
                     remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e. g., a
                     change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment
                     of an option to purchase the underlying asset.


            (c)      Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

                     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office
                     and employee dormitory (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
                     commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption
                     for leases of low-value assets to leases of office equipment that is considered to be of low value.
                     Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a
                     straight-line basis over the lease term.


            Investments and other financial assets
            Initial recognition and measurement

            Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
            through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.




108 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.109



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
           Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)

           The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
           characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables
           that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
           expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a
           financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss,
           transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the
           Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in
           accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.


           In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
           comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
           (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
           and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


           The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
           order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
           contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
           amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect
           contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive
           income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows
           and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and
           measured at fair value through profit or loss. Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets
           within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the
           trade date, that is, the date at the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.


           Subsequent measurement

           The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


           Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

           Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
           subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is
           derecognised, modified or impaired.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024      ｜   109
                DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.110



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
            with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


            Derecognition of financial assets
            A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
            primarily derecognised (i. e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:


            •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


            •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation
                   to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                   arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
                   or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
                   but has transferred control of the asset.


            When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
            through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership
            of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
            nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of its
            continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset
            and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has
            retained.


            Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
            of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could
            be required to repay.




110 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.111



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Impairment of financial assets
           The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
           fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
           in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
           approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the
           sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.


           General approach
           ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
           credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
           possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
           significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
           over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


           At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
           significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
           occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
           financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
           that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.


           The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However,
           in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
           information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
           taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is
           no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


           Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified
           within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which
           apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


           Stage 1 	Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition
                         and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-imonth ECLs


           Stage 2 	Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but
                         that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                         amount equal to lifetime ECLs


           Stage 3 	Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                         originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                         lifetime ECLs


                                                                                               Annual Report 2024      ｜   111
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.112



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            Simplified approach

            For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the
            Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
            Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not
            track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
            date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted
            for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


            Financial liabilities
            Initial recognition and measurement

            Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
            loans and borrowings, or payables, as appropriate.


            All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
            payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.


            The Group’s financial liabilities include trade payables, other payables and accruals, interest-bearing bank and
            other borrowings, financial liabilities measured at amortised cost and financial liabilities measured at fair value
            through profit or loss.


            Subsequent measurement

            The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


            Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, loans and borrowings)


            After initial recognition, trade and other payables and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured
            at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be
            immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or
            loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.


            Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
            that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in
            finance costs in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




112 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.113



                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Financial liabilities (Continued)
           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

           Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading.


           Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in
           the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are
           not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. Separated embedded
           derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.
           Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair
           value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these
           financial liabilities.


           Derecognition of financial liabilities
           A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.


           When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
           or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as
           a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the
           respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


           Offsetting of financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
           position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
           to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted
           average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour
           and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any
           estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       ｜      113
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.114



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and
            short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible
            into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of
            meeting short-term cash commitments.


            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand
            and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand
            and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


            Provisions
            A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event
            and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a
            reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


            When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the
            end of each of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation.
            The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance
            costs in profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


            The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of products for general repairs of defects occurring
            during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties granted by the Group are initially
            recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns. The warranty-related
            cost is revised annually.


            Income tax
            Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
            recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


            Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
            taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
            end of each of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the
            countries in which the Group operates.


            Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of each of the
            reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
            reporting purposes.




114 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.115



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Income tax (Continued)
           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


           •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in
                  a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither
                  the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                  temporary differences; and


           •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
                  when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
                  the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


           Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused
           tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
           taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of
           unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


           •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
                  recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of
                  the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to
                  equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


           •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an
                  associate, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
                  differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
                  temporary differences can be utilised.


           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each of the reporting period and reduced
           to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of
           the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each of the
           reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will
           be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax assets to be recovered.


           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
           the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of each of the reporting period.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024      ｜   115
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.116



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Income tax (Continued)
            Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right
            to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
            relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different
            taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the
            assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred
            tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.


            Government grants
            Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
            be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item,
            it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
            compensate, are expensed. Where the Group receives grants of non-monetary assets, the grants are recorded
            at the fair value of the non-monetary assets and released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected
            useful lives of the relevant assets by equal annual instalments.


            Revenue recognition
            Revenue from contracts with customers.

            Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
            customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange
            for those goods or services.


            When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated
            to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The
            variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a
            significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated
            uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


            When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
            financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at
            the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a
            separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract
            contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than
            one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
            under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer
            and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for
            the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in IFRS 15.




116 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.117



                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Revenue recognition (Continued)
           Revenue from contracts with customers. (Continued)

           (a)      Sale of products

                    Revenue from the sale of products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
                    transferred to the customers, generally on delivery or acceptance of the products as agreed in the sales
                    contracts.


                    For some contracts, the Group provides installation and commissioning services that are bundled
                    together with the sale of products to the customers. The installation and commissioning services
                    significantly modify or customise the goods, therefore, the products and the services are highly
                    interrelated and instead combined as one single performance obligation which is satisfied at a point in
                    time.


           (b)      Product related supporting services

                    Revenue from services is recognised at a point in time when the service is provided and accepted by the
                    customer.


           Other income
           Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
           exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a
           shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


           Contract assets
           If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled
           to the consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration
           that is conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the
           accounting policies for impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right
           to the consideration becomes unconditional.


           Contract liabilities
           A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from
           a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
           revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i. e., transfers control of the related goods or services
           to the customer).




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     ｜   117
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.118



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Contract costs
            Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
            costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are
            met:


            (a)       The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically
                      identify.


            (b)       The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
                      satisfy) performance obligations in the future.


            (c)       The costs are expected to be recovered.


            The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic
            basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates.
            Other contract costs are expensed as incurred.


            Share-based payments
            The Group operates share award schemes for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
            participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including directors) of the
            Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as
            consideration for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).


            The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date
            on which they are granted. The fair value of share awards is determined by an external valuer using the
            probability weighted expected return method and valuation models. Further details are included in note 32 to
            the Financial Statements.


            The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
            corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
            fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each of the reporting
            period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best
            estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss for
            a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that
            period.




118 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.119



                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Share-based payments (Continued)
           Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date
           fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best
           estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are
           reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated
           service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the
           fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or
           performance conditions.


           For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not
           been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions
           are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all
           other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


           Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the
           terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised
           for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial
           to the employee as measured at the date of modification.


           Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any
           expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately.


           Other employee benefits
           Pension scheme

           The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate
           in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are required to
           contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are
           charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


           Termination benefits

           Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of
           those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination
           benefits.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024      ｜   119
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.120



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            Borrowing costs
            All borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest
            and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.


            Foreign currencies
            The financial statement is presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency. Each entity in the
            Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are
            measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group
            are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
            Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates
            of exchange ruling at the end of each of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation
            of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


            Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
            exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
            currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or
            loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition
            of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i. e., translation difference on the item whose fair
            value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other
            comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).


            In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
            derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the
            date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-
            monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance,
            the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.


            The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than the RMB. As at the end of
            the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates
            prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at
            the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.




120 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.121



                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.4       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
               Foreign currencies (Continued)
               The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
               exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling
               interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular
               foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


               Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
               amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
               operation and translated at the closing rate.


               For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
               translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows
               of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average
               exchange rates of the year.


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
     The preparation of the Group’s financial statement requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying
     disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result
     in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the
     future.


     Judgements
     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart
     from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
     statement:


     Research and development expenses
     All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred. Expenditure incurred on projects to
     develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of
     completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use
     or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the
     project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure
     which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred. Determining the amounts of development costs to be
     capitalised requires the use of judgements and estimation.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024      ｜   121
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.122



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
      Judgements (Continued)
      Classification of financial assets
      The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the Group’s business model for managing the
      financial assets. In determining the business model, the Group considers how the performance of the business model
      and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the Group’s key management
      personnel, the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within) and, in
      particular, the way those risks are managed. In determining whether cash flows are going to be realised by collecting
      the financial assets’ contractual cash flows, it is necessary for the Group to consider the reason, timing, frequency,
      and value of sales prior to the maturity date.


      Recognition of income taxes and deferred tax assets
      Determining income tax provision involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions and when
      certain matters relating to the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureau. Management evaluates
      tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax treatments of such transactions are
      reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislation.


      Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
      available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the
      amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits
      together with future tax planning strategies.


      Estimation uncertainty
      The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of each of the
      reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
      liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


      Provision against obsolete and slow-moving inventories
      The Group reviews the condition of its inventories at the end of each reporting period and makes provisions against
      obsolete and slow-moving inventory items which are identified as no longer suitable for sale or use based on sales
      forecasts. Such sales forecasts are prepared based on agreements or orders on hand and estimated sales in the
      foreseeable future based on historical experiences with its customers and current market conditions of the robots
      industry. Management estimates the net realisable value for those obsolete and slow-moving inventories based
      primarily on the latest invoice prices and current market conditions. The estimation is reassessed at the end of each
      reporting period. The provision against obsolete and slow-moving inventories requires the use of judgements and
      estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate, such difference
      will impact on the carrying value of inventories and the write-down of inventories recognized in the periods in which
      such estimates have been changed.




122 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.123



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           31 December 2024




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on days past
     due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i. e., by geography, product type,
     customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance).


     The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the
     matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast
     economic conditions (i. e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead
     to an increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each
     reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are
     analysed.


     The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is
     a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions.
     The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a
     customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed
     in note 19 to the financial statement.


     Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
     The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental
     borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay
     to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to
     the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to
     pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into
     financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example,
     when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs
     (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the
     subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).


     Impairment of non-financial assets
     The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the right-
     of-use assets) at the end of each of the reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment
     annually and at other times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when
     there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value
     of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs
     of disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from
     binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental
     costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the
     expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to
     calculate the present value of those cash flows.

                                                                                              Annual Report 2024      ｜   123
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.124



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
      For management purposes, the Group is not organised into business units based on their services and products and
      only has one reportable operating segment.


      The information reported to the directors, who are the chief operating decision makers, for the purpose of resource
      allocation and assessment of performance does not contain discrete operating segment financial information and
      the directors reviewed the financial results of the Group as a whole. Therefore, no further information about the
      operating segment is presented.


      Geographical information
      (a)     Revenue from external customers
                                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


               Mainland China                                                             172,738              117,221
               Overseas (including HongKong, Macau, and Taiwan of China)                  200,940              169,528


               Total revenue                                                              373,678              286,749


              The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


      (b)     Non-current assets
              Most of the Group’s non-current assets are located in Mainland China. Thus, no geographic information is
              presented.


      Information about major customers
      No revenue from sales to any single customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the year.




124 ｜       SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.125



                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             31 December 2024




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
     An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


      Revenue from contracts with customers                                       373,678               286,749


     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (a)    Disaggregated revenue information
                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


              Types of goods or services
              Sale of products                                                    372,075               285,671
              Services                                                              1,603                 1,078


                                                                                  373,678               286,749


              Geographical markets
              Mainland China                                                      172,738               117,221
              Overseas (including HongKong, Macau, and Taiwan of China)           200,940               169,528


                                                                                  373,678               286,749


              Timing of revenue recognition
              Goods transferred at a point in time                                372,075               285,671
              Services transferred at a point in time                               1,603                 1,078


              Total revenue from contracts with customers                         373,678               286,749




                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    ｜   125
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.126



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
      (a)     Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
              The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were
              included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from performance
              obligations satisfied in previous periods:


                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


               Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities at
                  the beginning of the reporting period:
               Sale Products                                                                 9,840                34,291


      (b)     Performance obligations
              Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


              Sales of products

              The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery and acceptance of products and payment is generally
              due within 2 months from delivery, where payment in advance is normally required.


              Product related supporting services

              The performance obligation is satisfied at the point in time when services are completed and payment is
              generally due upon completion of the services and customer acceptance.


              As the original expected duration of the contracts from customers of the Group is within one year or less,
              the Group applies the practical expedient of not disclosing the transaction price allocated to the remaining
              performance obligation.




126 ｜       SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.127



                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                          31 December 2024




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)


                                                                                                               2024                      2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000                     RMB’000


             Other income
             Bank interest income                                                                             2,082                      2,313
             Government grants*                                                                             33,380                     32,915
             Investment income from financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss                                                                                   189                      2,657
             Revenue from sales of raw materials                                                                806                        238
             Others                                                                                             537                        419


             Total other income                                                                             36,994                     38,542


             Gains
             Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit
               or loss                                                                                        4,104                      4,132
             Foreign exchange gains, net                                                                        198                      1,157


             Total gains                                                                                      4,302                      5,289


             Total other income and gains                                                                   41,296                     43,831


         *           The Group has received certain government grants related to assets and income. Certain of the grants related to assets
                     and income have future related costs expected to be incurred and require the Group to comply with conditions attached
                     to the grants and the government to acknowledge the compliance of these conditions. The grants related to assets were
                     recognised in profit or loss over the useful lives of the relevant assets. The grants related to income have been received to
                     compensate for the Group’s research and development costs and are recognised in the statement of profit or loss on a
                     systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which they are intended to compensate, are expensed.

                     Other government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or
                     for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or
                     loss in the period in which they become receivable.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024         ｜   127
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.128



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




6.    LOSS BEFORE TAX
      The Group’s loss before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                        Notes           2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


        Cost of inventories and services sold*                                       199,699         161,905
        Research and development costs*****                                           71,792          70,527
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment**                  13           26,572          25,556
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets**                            15            5,763           7,016
        Amortisation of intangible assets**                              14            1,133             758
        Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment***                           2,780             404
        Loss on disposal of intangible assets***                                           –             195
        Lease payments in respect of short-term leases                   15              999           1,092
        Impairment of trade receivables                                                2,628           3,909
        (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of other
          receivables                                                                    (17)             58
        Impairment of contract assets                                    22               67              35
        Write-down of inventories to net realisable value****                         10,832          17,071
        Fair value loss on financial liabilities at fair value
          through profit or loss                                                           –             771
        Share-based payment expenses                                                  26,356          21,464
        Product warranty provision                                                     4,624           2,798
        Listing expenses                                                              32,554               –
        Auditor’s remuneration                                                         1,800           1,571


        Employee benefit expenses (excluding directors’ and
          chief executive’s remuneration (note 8))
          – Wages and salaries                                                       145,850         120,301
          – Pension scheme contributions                                               5,944           5,075


        Total                                                                        151,794         125,376




128 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                    DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.129



                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                31 December 2024




6.   LOSS BEFORE TAX (Continued)
     *           The amounts disclosed for cost of inventories sold included the write-down of inventories to net realisable value.

     **          The depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortisation of intangible assets, and right-of-use assets are included in “Cost of
                 sales”, “Selling and distribution expenses”, “Administrative expenses”, and “Research and development expenses” in profit or loss.

     ***         The amounts are included in “other expense” in profit or loss.

     ****        The amounts are included in “cost of sales” in profit or loss.

     ***** According to IAS 38.54, any expenditure on research or the research phase of an internal project must be expensed as incurred.
           IAS 38.57 requires capitalization of expenditure incurred during the development phase of an internal project, only when all of the
           criteria (as set out in the accounting policies for research and development costs in Note 2.4) can be met. The Group determines that
           capitalisation of development costs starts when the prototype of the product is available and there are established demands for the
           product. There are only immaterial development costs incurred after that point until the commercialisation of the product, therefore,
           no research and development costs were capitalised during the reporting period.


7.   FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000


         Interest on bank loans                                                                                     1,492                       640
         Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                329                       459
         Accretion of interest expense                                                                                   –                      858


         Total                                                                                                      1,821                     1,957




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         ｜   129
                   DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.130



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




8.    DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration as recorded during the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing
      the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383 (1)(a), (b), (c) and (f)
      of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of
      Directors) Regulation, is set out below:


                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


        Fees                                                                                      216                 216


        Other emoluments:
            Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                           3,807                3,405
            Pension scheme contributions                                                           65                  59
            Equity-settled share option expense                                                 5,956                3,539


        Total                                                                                  10,044                7,219


      (a)       Independent non-executive directors
                The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:


                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Mr. Li Yibin                                                                      72                  72
                 Mr. Zhou Runshu                                                                   30                  72
                 Dr. Hou Lingling                                                                  72                  72
                 Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan                                                                42                    –


                 Total                                                                            216                 216


                Mr. Ng Jack Ho Wan was appointed on 31 May 2024. Mr. Zhou Runshu resigned as independent non-
                executive director with effect from 31 May 2024.


                There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year.




130 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.131



                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                        31 December 2024




8.   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (Continued)
     (b)   Directors and the chief executive
                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                       allowances             Pension       Share-based
                                                                      and benefits             scheme           payment                  Total
                                                            Fees            in kind     contributions          expenses      remuneration
                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


               2024
               Executive director, supervisor
                 and chief executive:


               Mr. Liu Peichao*                                 –               867                 13                   –                880
               Mr. Wang Yong                                    –             1,459                 13              5,466              6,938
               Mr. Lang Xulin                                   –               735                 13                   –                748
               Mr. Li Liuwei                                    –               425                 13                299                 737
               Ms. Wan Ying                                     –               321                 13                191                 525
               Ms. Ma Jingxian                                  –                  –                  –                  –                  –


               Non-executive director:
               Mr. Jing Liang                                   –                  –                  –                  –                  –


               Total                                            –             3,807                 65              5,956              9,828


               2023
               Executive director, supervisor
                 and chief executive:


               Mr. Liu Peichao*                                 –               593                 12                   –                605
               Mr. Wang Yong                                    –             1,325                 12              3,189              4,526
               Mr. Lang Xulin                                   –               739                 12                   –                751
               Mr. Li Liuwei                                    –               417                 12                216                 645
               Ms. Wan Ying                                     –               331                 11                134                 476
               Ms. Ma Jingxian                                  –                  –                  –                  –                  –


               Non-executive director:
               Mr. Jing Liang                                   –                  –                  –                  –                  –


               Total                                            –             3,405                 59              3539               7,003


           *           Mr. Liu Peichao was appointed as a director and the chief executive officer of the Company and the chairman of the Board
                       with effect from July 2015.


                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         ｜    131
                   DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.132



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




8.    DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (Continued)
      (b)       Directors and the chief executive (Continued)
                During the reporting period, restricted share units were granted to certain directors through share incentive
                platforms, further details of which are included in the disclosures in note 32 to the financial statement. The
                fair value of such awarded shares, which has been recognised in profit or loss, was determined as at the date
                of grant and the amount included in the financial statement is included in the above directors’ remuneration
                disclosures.


                There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
                remuneration during the year.


                During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the directors as an inducement to join or
                upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.


9.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees during the reporting period included one executive directors (2023: one director),
      details of whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the remaining four (2023:
      four) highest paid employees who are neither director nor chief executive of the Company during the reporting period
      are as follows:


                                                                                                 2024                  2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000


        Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                                      2,636                 2,610
        Pension scheme contributions                                                              109                   157
        Share-based payment expenses                                                            6,274                 5,481


        Total                                                                                   9,019                 8,248


      The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the
      following bands is as follows:


                                                                                           Number of employees
                                                                                                 2024                  2023


        HK 1,500,001 to HK 2,000,000                                                                 1                     2
        HK 2,000,001 to HK 2,500,000                                                                 2                     –
        HK 2,500,001 to HK 3,000,000                                                                 –                     2
        HK 3,000,001 to HK 3,500,000                                                                 1                     –


        Total                                                                                        4                     4


132 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.133



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 December 2024




9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)
     During the year, restricted share units were granted to four non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
     employees in respect of their services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures in note 32
     to the financial statements. The fair value of such shares, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss
     over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements is
     included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.


10. INCOME TAX
     The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
     members of the Group are domiciled and operate.


     Mainland China
     The provision for corporate income tax in Mainland China is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the taxable profits
     determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and became effective on 1
     January 2008. Shenzhen Dobot Corp LTD (the “Company”) is qualified as a high and new technology enterprise and
     was subject to income tax at a preferential tax rate of 15% for the year ended 31 December 2024.


     The Company was approved as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” and entitled to a preferential income tax
     rate of 15% during 2024. This qualification is subject to review by the relevant tax authority in the PRC for every three
     years.


     Overseas subsidiaries
     No income tax on the overseas subsidiaries has been provided as there were no assessable profit arising in such
     overseas tax jurisdictions during the reporting period.


                                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Current income tax                                                                       3,551                 14,778
      Deferred income tax                                                                     (2,207)                (1,297)


      Total tax charge for the year                                                            1,344                 13,481




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     ｜   133
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.134



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




10. INCOME TAX (Continued)
      Overseas subsidiaries (Continued)
      A reconciliation of the tax expenses applicable to profit before tax using the statutory rate for the jurisdictions in
      which the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rates, and a reconciliation of
      the applicable tax rates to the effective tax rates, are as follows:


                                                                                                  2024                    2023
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


        Loss before tax                                                                         (94,019)               (89,800)


        Tax charge at the statutory tax rate of 25%                                             (23,505)               (22,450)
        Entities subject to lower statutory income tax rate                                     10,660                   7,976
        Additional deductible allowance for qualified research and
          development expenses                                                                   (8,629)                (8,755)
        Temporary differences and tax losses not recognised                                     14,383                  31,956
        Expenses not deductible for tax                                                           8,435                  4,754


        Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                  1,344                 13,481


11. DIVIDENDS
      No dividend was paid or declared by the Company during the year.




134 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.135



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 December 2024




12. LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
    PARENT
   The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the year attributable to ordinary equity
   holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 360,983,607 (2023: 360,000,000) in
   issue during the year, as adjusted to reflect the rights issue during the year.


   No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amounts presented for the year ended 31 December 2024
   in respect of a dilution as the Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue.


   The calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are based on:


                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


    Loss
    Loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used in the
       basic and diluted loss per share calculations                                         (95,363)             (103,281)


                                                                                             Number of shares
                                                                                                 2024                2023


    Shares                                                                                       ’000                  ’000
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
       used in the basic loss per share calculation                                         360,984               360,000




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    ｜   135
                      DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.136



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                      Electronic
                                                               Furniture and                      equipment and       Leasehold    Construction in
                                                  Buildings         fixtures    Motor vehicles           others    improvements          progress        Total
                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


        31 December 2024
        At 1 January 2024
        Cost                                       143,167           13,386             1,438            69,770           8,966             2,375     239,102
        Accumulated depreciation                     (8,529)          (7,518)           (1,045)         (28,083)         (4,157)                 –     (49,332)


        Net carrying amount                        134,638            5,868               393            41,687           4,809             2,375     189,770


        At 1 January 2024, net of accumulated
           depreciation                            134,638            5,868               393            41,687           4,809             2,375     189,770
        Additions                                         –           1,897                  –            6,121              72             6,072      14,162
        Transfer from inventories*                        –           5,000                  –            2,057               –                  –      7,057
        Transfer                                          –             709                  –              602           7,132             (8,443)          –
        Disposals                                         –            (121)                 –           (7,085)              –                  –      (7,206)
        Depreciation provided during the year        (4,769)          (4,203)            (216)          (15,275)         (2,109)                 –     (26,572)
        Exchange realignment                              –              (13)                –                –               –                  –         (13)


        At 31 December 2024, net of accumulated
           depreciation                            129,869            9,137               177            28,107           9,904                  4    177,198


        At 31 December 2024
        Cost                                       143,167           20,192             1,438            63,593          16,170                  4    244,564
        Accumulated depreciation                   (13,298)          (11,055)           (1,261)         (35,486)         (6,266)                 –     (67,366)


        Net carrying amount                        129,869            9,137               177            28,107           9,904                  4    177,198




136 ｜     SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                       DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.137



                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                            31 December 2024




13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                                                                                                       Electronic
                                                                Furniture and                      equipment and       Leasehold     Construction in
                                                   Buildings         fixtures    Motor vehicles           others    improvements           progress           Total
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000


        31 December 2023
        At 1 January 2023
        Cost                                        142,515           12,332             1,438            53,832           7,244              2,274         219,635
        Accumulated depreciation                      (3,631)          (4,669)             (793)         (13,958)          (2,136)                 –        (25,187)


        Net carrying amount                         138,884            7,663               645            39,874           5,108              2,274         194,448


        At 1 January 2023, net of accumulated
           depreciation                             138,884            7,663               645            39,874           5,108              2,274         194,448
        Additions                                          –           1,557                  –            2,601             762              5,731          10,651
        Transfer from inventories*                         –                –                 –           11,055                –                  –         11,055
        Transfer                                        875                 –                 –            3,795             960              (5,630)             –
        Disposals                                      (223)              (31)                –             (574)               –                  –           (828)
        Depreciation provided during the year         (4,898)          (3,321)             (252)         (15,064)          (2,021)                 –        (25,556)


        At 31 December 2023, net of accumulated
           depreciation                             134,638            5,868               393            41,687           4,809              2,375         189,770


        At 31 December 2023
        Cost                                        143,167           13,386             1,438            69,770           8,966              2,375         239,102
        Accumulated depreciation                      (8,529)          (7,518)           (1,045)         (28,083)          (4,157)                 –        (49,332)


        Net carrying amount                         134,638            5,868               393            41,687           4,809              2,375         189,770


    *               When the products are used for promotion, exhibition and training purposes, the products are transferred from inventories to
                    property, plant and equipment and depreciated over three years.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024            ｜    137
                DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.138



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                   Software
                                                                                                   RMB’000


        31 December 2024
        At 1 January 2024:
        Cost                                                                                          3,949
        Accumulated amortisation                                                                     (1,694)


        Net carrying amount                                                                           2,255


        At 1 January 2024, net of accumulated amortisation                                            2,255
        Additions                                                                                     2,193
        Amortisation provided during the year                                                        (1,133)


        At 31 December 2024, net of accumulated amortisation                                          3,315


        At 31 December 2024:
        Cost                                                                                          6,142
        Accumulated amortisation                                                                     (2,827)


        Net carrying amount                                                                           3,315




138 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.139



                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2024




14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                                                                            Software
                                                                                                            RMB’000


     31 December 2023
     At 1 January 2023:
     Cost                                                                                                     4,092
     Accumulated amortisation                                                                                    (936)


     Net carrying amount                                                                                      3,156


     At 1 January 2023, net of accumulated amortisation                                                       3,156
     Additions                                                                                                    52
     Disposals                                                                                                   (195)
     Amortisation provided during the year                                                                       (758)


     At 31 December 2023 net of accumulated amortisation                                                      2,255


     At 31 December 2023:
     Cost                                                                                                     3,949
     Accumulated amortisation                                                                                 (1,694)


     Net carrying amount                                                                                      2,255


15. LEASES
    The Group as a lessee
    The Group has lease contracts for various items of land and buildings. Leases of land and buildings generally have
    lease terms between 1 and 50 years.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024    ｜   139
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.140



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




15. LEASES (Continued)
      The Group as a lessee (Continued)
      (a)     Right- of-use assets
              The carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and the movements during the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                    Buildings       Leasehold land                 Total
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000


               At 1 January 2024                                         8,819               25,012                    33,831
               Additions                                                 7,126                    –                     7,126
               Depreciation charge                                      (4,990)                (773)                   (5,763)
               Other reduction                                          (2,198)                   –                    (2,198)
               Exchange realignment                                         (4)                   –                        (4)


               At 31 December 2024                                       8,753               24,239                    32,992


               At 1 January 2023                                       10,307                25,787                    36,094
               Additions                                                 6,013                    –                      6,013
               Depreciation charge                                      (6,241)                (775)                    (7,016)
               Other reduction                                          (1,260)                   –                     (1,260)


               At 31 December 2023                                       8,819               25,012                    33,831


      (b)     Lease liabilities
              The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the reporting period are as follows


                                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


               Carrying amount at 1 January                                                    9,407                   10,747
               Additions                                                                       7,126                     6,013
               Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                  329                       459
               Other reduction                                                                (2,198)                   (1,276)
               Lease payment                                                                  (5,907)                   (6,536)
               Exchange realignment                                                              (97)                        –


               Carrying amount at 31 December                                                  8,660                    9,407


               Analysed into:
               Current portion                                                                 4,989                    4,874
               Non-current portion                                                             3,671                    4,533


140 ｜       SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.141



                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 December 2024




15. LEASES (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee (Continued)
     (c)      The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:
                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


               Lease payments in respect of short-term leases                                  999                 1,092
               Interest on lease liabilities                                                   329                    459
               Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                    5,763                 7,016


               Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                     7,091                 8,567


     (d)      The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet commenced are
              disclosed in notes 33 and 39, respectively, to the financial statements.


16. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE
     Investment in an associate
                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


      Share of net assets                                                                      208                    208
      Goodwill on acquisition                                                                  930                    930


      Subtotal                                                                               1,138                 1,138
      Provision for impairment                                                               (1,138)               (1,138)


      Total                                                                                       –                     –




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    ｜   141
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.142



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




16. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
      Investment in an associate (Continued)
      As of 31 December 2024, particular of the Group’s associate are as follows:


                                                                                                 Percentage
                                                                            Place and date     of ownership
                                                          Particulars of    of registration          interest
                                                          issued shares     and place of      attributable to   Principal
        Name                                              held              operations            the Group     activities


        Zhejiang Tiexi intelligent technology Co., LTD.   Ordinary shares   PRC/ Mainland             1.83%     Automated
          (“Zhejiang Tiexi”)                                                  China                               grinding and
                                                                              2016/4/20                           polishing

      Zhejiang Tiexi is considered as an immaterial associate of the Group.


      Although the Company holds less than 20% of the equity voting rights in Zhejiang Tiexi, it has significant influence
      over Zhejiang Tiexi as it has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of Zhejiang Tiexi by
      appointing a director in the board.


17. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                   2024                      2023
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000


        Raw materials                                                                            52,306                  50,680
        Work in progress                                                                         14,561                  27,554
        Finished goods                                                                           67,027                  53,895
        Goods in transit                                                                           3,626                     9,391


        Total                                                                                   137,520                141,520




142 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.143



                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




18. DEFERRED TAX
    The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


    Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                           2024
                                                                                  Fair value change
                                                                                 of financial assets
                                                                                          at fair value
                                                                Right-of-use         through profit
                                                                       assets                 and loss                    Total
                                                                    RMB’000                  RMB’000                  RMB’000


     At 31 December 2023                                                  954                      620                   1,574
     Credited/(debited) to profit or loss                                (142)                     170                      28


     At 31 December 2024                                                  812                      790                   1,602


    Deferred tax assets
                                                                                     2024
                                                      Unrealized
                                                       gains and                                Fair value
                                                            losses Lease liabilities         adjustments                  Total
                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000                RMB’000             RMB’000


     At 31 December 2023                                    1,879                1,026                    12             2,917
     Credited/(debited) to profit or loss                   2,411                 (164)                   (12)           2,235


     At 31 December 2024                                    4,290                 862                       –            5,152




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024       ｜   143
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.144



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




18. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
      Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                        2023
                                                                                 Fair value change
                                                                                of financial assets
                                                                                         at fair value
                                                             Right-of-use              through profit
                                                                    assets                   and loss            Total
                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000            RMB’000


        At 31 December 2022                                         1,633                          60           1,693
        Credited/(debited) to profit or loss                          (679)                      560             (119)


        At 31 December 2023                                           954                        620            1,574


      Deferred tax assets
                                                                                  2023
                                                    Unrealized
                                                     gains and                                 Fair value
                                                         losses    Lease liabilities        adjustments          Total
                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000        RMB’000


        At 31 December 2022                                 82                1,707                       –     1,789
        Credited/(debited) to profit or loss             1,797                 (681)                     12     1,128


        At 31 December 2023                              1,879                1,026                      12     2,917




144 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.145



                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 December 2024




18. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
    Deferred tax assets (Continued)
    For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of financial
    position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                               2024                      2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of
       financial position                                                                     4,299                  1,902
     Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
       financial position                                                                       749                      559


    Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                               2024                      2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Tax losses                                                                             536,383               414,720
     Deductible temporary differences                                                       225,417               242,021


                                                                                            761,800               656,741


    The Group has accumulated tax losses in Mainland China of RMB505,583,000 aggregate as at 31 December
    2024, which will expire in one to ten years to offset against future taxable profits of the companies in which
    losses were incurred. The Group also has accumulated tax losses in the United States, Germany and Hong Kong of
    RMB26,889,000 in aggregate as at 31 December 2024, which can be carried forward indefinitely to offset against
    future taxable profits of the companies in which losses were incurred. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised
    in respect of the above items as it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the
    above items can be utilised.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     ｜     145
                   DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.146



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                 2024                     2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000                    RMB’000


          Trade receivables                                                                                    82,381                   47,443
          Impairment                                                                                            (9,269)                  (6,876)


          Net carrying amount                                                                                  73,112                   40,567


          Bills receivables*                                                                                     6,956                   1,041


                                                                                                               80,068                   41,608


          Analysed into:
            Current portion                                                                                    79,490                   41,608
            Non-current portion                                                                                    578                        –


      *         Bills receivable is subject to impairment under the general approach and the impairment is considered to be minimal.


      The Group’s trading terms with its certain customers are on credit, and the credit period is generally 30 to 90 days.
      Some customers were granted more than credit period of one year, depending on the specific payment terms in
      each contract. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control
      department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by management. In view of the
      aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to diversified customers, there is no significant
      concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade
      receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.




146 ｜      SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.147



                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2024




19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of each of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
    and net of loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                                                        68,834                34,907
     1 to 2 years                                                                             3,360              5,456
     2 to 3 years                                                                              918                  204


     Total                                                                                73,112                40,567


    The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


     At beginning of year                                                                     6,876             10,280
     Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                          2,628              3,909
     Amount written off as uncollectible                                                       (235)             (7,313)


     At end of year                                                                           9,269              6,876


    An impairment analysis is performed at the end of each of reporting period using a provision matrix to measure
    expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
    with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and
    reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions
    and forecasts of future economic conditions. Trade receivables for which the counterparties failed to make the
    demanded repayments are defaulted receivables. The Group has provided full impairment for the defaulted
    receivables. The Company estimated that the expected loss rate for its trade receivables due from subsidiaries is
    minimal.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024    ｜   147
                DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.148



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision
      matrix:


      As at 31 December 2024


                                                            Gross carrying       Expected credit      Expected credit
                                                                   amount                loss rate              losses
                                                                  RMB’000                                    RMB’000


        Defaulted receivables                                         1,101              100.00%                1,101
        Other trade receivables aged:
          Current                                                   56,020                 4.22%                2,365
          Past due:
            Within 1 year                                           15,847                 4.22%                  669
            Between 1 and 2 years                                     4,277               21.43%                  917
            Between 2 and 3 years                                     3,223               71.48%                2,304
            Over 3 years                                              1,913              100.00%                1,913


                                                                    82,381                11.25%                9,269


      As at 31 December 2023


                                                              Gross carrying   Expected credit loss    Expected credit
                                                                    amount                     rate              losses
                                                                  RMB’000                                    RMB’000


        Defaulted receivables                                         1,101              100.00%                1,101
        Other trade receivables aged:
          Current                                                   31,217                 5.22%                1,631
          Past due:
            Within 1 year                                             5,614                5.22%                  293
            Between 1 and 2 years                                     7,158               23.78%                1,702
            Between 2 and 3 years                                     1,430               85.73%                1,226
            Over 3 years                                                923              100.00%                  923


                                                                    47,443                14.49%                6,876




148 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.149



                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 December 2024




20. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


     Current
     Value-added tax recoverable                                                            13,831                 15,949
     Receivables in respect of listing proceeds                                             21,490                        –
     Prepayments                                                                            15,291                 12,339
     Other receivables and deposit                                                            2,724                 2,987


     Less: Impairment of other receivables and deposit                                        (414)                   (431)


     Total                                                                                  52,992                 30,844


     Non-current
     Value-added tax recoverable                                                              4,004                 4,090
     Other receivables and deposits                                                           1,759                 1,076
     Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                            3,023                    112
     Prepayments for an equity investment                                                   16,000                        –


     Total                                                                                  24,786                  5,278


    Receivables in respect of listing proceeds of HK$23,207,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB21,490,000) in
    aggregate, were transferred from our underwriters to our fundraising account (Hong Kong dollar bank account) in
    Hong Kong on 21 January 2025.


    Other receivables had no historical default. The financial assets included in the above balances relating to receivables
    were categorised in stage 1 at the end of each of the year. In calculating the expected credit loss rate, the Group
    considers the historical loss rate and adjusts for forward-looking macroeconomic data. As at 31 December 2024, the
    Group estimated the expected credit losses for other receivables to be RMB414,000.


    Other receivables are unsecured, non-interest-bearing and are collectable within one year.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     ｜   149
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.150



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




20. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of other receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


        At beginning of year                                                                    431                 373
        Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                          (17)                58


        At end of year                                                                          414                 431


21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


        Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                           95,517              174,383


        Total                                                                               95,517              174,383


      The above unlisted investments were structured deposits and certificate deposits issued by banks in Mainland China.
      They are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss as they are not held within the business model
      with the objective to collect contractual cashflows nor the business model with the objective of both collecting
      contractual cashflows and selling.


      As at 31 December 2024, certificate deposits of RMB40,000,000 were secured for the Group’s bank loans (note 26).




150 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
             DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.151



                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2024




22. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000


    Contract assets arising from:
      Warranty retention receivables                                                          630                    376


    Total                                                                                     630                    376
    Impairment                                                                               (118)                   (51)


    Net carrying amount                                                                       512                    325


   Contract assets are initially recognised for the revenue earned from sales of products and the receipt of retention
   consideration is conditional on expiration of the warranty period. Upon expiration of the warranty period, the
   amounts recognised as contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables.


   The expected timing of recovery or settlement for all the contract assets at the end of reporting period is within one
   year.


   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of contract assets are as follows:


                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000


    At beginning of year                                                                       51                    16
    Impairment losses, (note 6)                                                                67                    35


    At end of year                                                                            118                    51




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024    ｜   151
                     DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.152



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                                            2024                    2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000


          Cash and bank balances                                                                        229,607                   92,547
          Time deposits                                                                                 654,151                   18,415
          Restricted bank deposits                                                                         2,321                   2,210


          Subtotal                                                                                      886,079                  113,172


          Less:
            Restricted bank deposits                                                                      (2,321)                  (2,210)


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     883,758                  110,962


          Denominated in
          RMB                                                                                           194,414                   68,449
          USD                                                                                             31,302                  39,879
          JPY                                                                                              2,659                   3,973
          EUR                                                                                              7,698                      865
          HKD                                                                                           650,000                          –
          INR                                                                                                   6                       6


                                                                                                        886,079                  113,172


      The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control
      Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
      permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.


      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits are made for
      varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group,
      and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank balances and restricted bank balances are
      deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

      *           As at 31 December 2024 the restricted bank deposits of RMB1,500,000 were frozen due to the dispute between the Group and a
                  third party. As of 31 December 2024, the dispute is still under trial and the restricted amount is still frozen.




152 ｜      SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.153



                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2024




24. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
    The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 to 90 days.


                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


     Trade payables                                                                       40,687                30,907


     Total                                                                                40,687                30,907


    An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of each reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
    follows:


                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                                                        40,687                30,907


     Total                                                                                40,687                30,907


25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


     Payroll payable                                                                      32,541                25,314
     Other tax payables                                                                     7,990                3,113
     Payables for non-current assets                                                        2,503                3,702
     Other payables                                                                       33,010                 9,663


     Total                                                                                76,044                41,792


    Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have no fixed terms of settlement




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024    ｜   153
                     DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.154



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




26. INTEREST-BEARING BANK LOANS
                                                                      2024                                                    2023
                                                     Effective                                           Effective
                                                 interest rate                                        interest rate
                                                           (%)       Maturity        RMB’000                   (%)            Maturity   RMB’000


          Current
          Bank loans – secured*                       0.9-1.12           2025          39,860           1.22-1.51                2024      49,803
          Bank loans – unsecured                    2.37-2.58            2025         159,898                 1.83               2024       7,987
          Current portion of long term bank
            loans – unsecured                             2.45           2025            1,900                                                  –


          Total – current                                                             201,658                                              57,790


          Non-current
          Bank loans – unsecured                          2.45           2026          16,150                                                   –


          Total – non-current                                                          16,150                                                   –


          Total                                                                       217,808                                              57,790


      *           The secured loan was secured by the Group’s certificate deposits of RMB40,000,000


27. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                      2024                  2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000                    RMB’000


          Advances from customers
          Sale of goods                                                                                               6,841               10,939


          Analysed for reporting purposes as:
          Current liabilities                                                                                         6,841               10,939


                                                                                                                      6,841               10,939




154 ｜      SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.155



                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                              31 December 2024




28. DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                                                                  2024                       2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000


        Government grant*                                                                                     168,002                    189,569


        At beginning of year                                                                                  189,569                    143,466
        Grants received during the year                                                                          6,020                     72,700
        Released to the statement of profit or loss during the year                                            (27,587)                   (26,597)


        At end of year                                                                                        168,002                    189,569


    *         The Group’s deferred government grants represented government grants received for projects and are credited to the statement of
              profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets or recognised as income on a systematic basis over
              the periods that the costs, which they are intended to compensate, are expensed.


29. PROVISION
                                                                                                                                      Warranties
                                                                                                                                        RMB’000


        At 1 January 2023                                                                                                                   6,558
        Additional provision                                                                                                                2,798
        Amounts utilised during the year                                                                                                    (3,229)


        At 31 December 2023                                                                                                                 6,127


        At 1 January 2024                                                                                                                   6,127
        Additional provision                                                                                                                4,624
        Amounts utilised during the year                                                                                                    (3,928)


        At 31 December 2024                                                                                                                 6,823


    The Group generally provides warranties of 12 to 18 months to its customers on certain of its products for general
    repairs of defects occurring during the warranty period. The amount of the provision for the warranties is estimated
    based on sales volumes and past experience of the level of repairs and returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an
    ongoing basis and revised where appropriate.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024          ｜   155
                   DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.156



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




30. SHARE CAPITAL
      Shares
                                                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000


          Issued and fully paid:
            400,000,000 (2023: 360,000,000) ordinary shares of RMB1 each                                400,000                  360,000


      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                  shares in issue           Share capital
                                                                                                                                RMB’000


          At 1 January 2023                                                                        360,000,000                   360,000


          At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                   360,000,000                   360,000
          Issue of new shares*                                                                       40,000,000                    40,000


          At 31 December 2024                                                                      400,000,000                   400,000


      *         The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 23 December 2024 and publicly
                issued a total of 40,000,000 shares at the price of HK$18.80 per share. The total proceeds were HK$752,000,000 (equivalent to
                RMB695,358,000), and after deducting capitalized issuance expense of RMB32,563,000, the amount of RMB40,000,000 was
                included in share capital and RMB622,795,000 was included in share premium. The proceeds from international placement of
                the Company of HK$23,207,000 (as stated note 20, RMB21,490,000 in aggregate) are temporarily deposited in the account of
                the Company’s underwriter on 31 December 2024, and transferred into the Company’s fundraising account in Hong Kong on 21
                January 2025.


31. RESERVES
      The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the
      consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 93 of the financial statements.


      (i)       Capital reserve
                The capital reserve of the Group represents the difference between the value of the paid-up capital and the
                consideration received, as well as the reserves resulting from transactions with non-controlling interests.




156 ｜       SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.157



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2024




31. RESERVES (Continued)
     (ii)   Share-based payment reserve
            The share-based payment reserve of the Group represents the share-based compensation reserve due to
            equity-settled share-based payment transactions, details of which were set out in note 32 to the financial
            statements.


32. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
     Share Award Scheme
     The Group approved and adopted the share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) for certain employees of the
     Group (“Share Incentive Participants”) in order to recognise the contributions of the Share Incentive Participants to
     the growth and development of the Group, and incentivise them to further promote the development of the Group.


     In order to implement the Share Award Scheme, Shenzhen Yuejiang Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
     (“Yuejiang LP”), Shenzhen Qimo Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Qimo LP”), Shenzhen Chumo
     Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Chumo LP”) and Shenzhen Lumo Consulting Partnership (Limited
     partnership) (“Lumo LP”) were established and designated as share incentive platforms to hold the shares specially
     awarded to the eligible participants as the ultimate beneficial owners. The Group has no control over the share
     incentive platforms.


     On 31 December 2018, the Group granted 768,672 (equal to 27,525,106 shares after conversion into a joint stock
     company) restricted share units (“RSUs”) of the Company to 12 eligible employees at a subscribed price of RMB1.00.
     On 31 January 2022, the Group granted 144,937 (equal to 5,190,002 shares after conversion into a joint stock
     company) restricted share units of the Company to 49 eligible employees at a subscribed price of RMB52.42. On
     1 June 2023, the Group granted 12,345,000 restricted share units of the Company to 83 eligible employees at a
     subscribed price of RMB1.39. On 31 December 2023, the Group granted 1,866,400 restricted share units of the
     Company to 16 eligible employees at a subscribed price of RMB1.39. On 4 December 2024, the Group granted
     4,876,400 restricted share units of the Company to 25 eligible employees at a subscribed price of RMB1.39.


     All of the RSUs granted to the Share Incentive Participants shall be subject to both a listing-based condition (the
     “IPO Condition”) as well as service conditions. The IPO Condition would be satisfied when the ordinary shares of the
     Company are successfully listed on a recognised stock exchange.


     The fair value of the RSUs granted on 31 December 2018, 31 January 2022, 1 June 2023, 31 December 2023 and 4
     December 2024 were estimated at RMB2.99, RMB5.93, RMB7.01, RMB7.55 and RMB9.83 per share after conversion
     into a joint stock company, respectively, by an independent professionally qualified valuer.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   ｜   157
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.158



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




32. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      Share Award Scheme (Continued)
      The fair values of the RSUs granted were estimated as at the grant date by using discounted cash flow method
      and hybrid method, as well as equity allocation based on option pricing model, taking into account the terms and
      conditions upon which the RSUs were granted. The following table lists the significant inputs to the fair value model
      used:


                                        31 December         31 January           1 June    31 December      4 December
                                                 2018            2022             2023             2023             2024


        Risk-free interest rate (%)              2.96             2.30             2.29             2.17             1.34
        Volatility (%)                          41.17            39.64            40.30           31.32            49.08


      Share Award Scheme
      The movements of the outstanding RSUs granted under the Share Award Scheme during the year were as follows:


                                                                                                      Number of shares


        At 1 January 2024                                                                                    28,825,510


        Granted during the year                                                                                4,876,400
        Forfeited during the year                                                                             (1,614,482)
        Vested during the year                                                                               (13,766,251)


        At 31 December 2024                                                                                  18,321,177


        At 1 January 2023                                                                                    15,697,970
        Granted during the year                                                                              14,211,400
        Forfeited during the year                                                                               (884,314)
        Vested during the year                                                                                  (199,546)


        At 31 December 2023                                                                                  28,825,510


      The aforesaid transactions have been accounted for as share-based payment transactions. During the year ended 31
      December 2024, the Group recognised share award expense of RMB25,936,000 (2023: RMB20,712,000).




158 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.159



                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2024




32. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    Share Option Scheme
    The Group approved a share option scheme in 2018. Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Group proposed to
    grant 1.58% of the share options in the original equity structure to the Company through Qimo Investment, one of
    the share incentive platforms. 40%, 30% and 30% of the share options will be vested when the vesting condition is
    met over the three years. The vesting of share options is also subject to the IPO Condition. The IPO Condition would
    be satisfied when the ordinary shares of the Company are successfully listed on a recognised stock exchange.


    On 31 December 2018, the Group granted 114,378 (equal to 4,096,000 shares after conversion into a joint stock
    company) share options which will vest in instalments over the next three years. The exercise price is RMB8.74 per
    share.


    The fair value of share options granted was estimated at RMB98.77 per share option at the grant date using the
    Black-Scholes model. The following table lists the key inputs to the model used:


                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                   2018


     Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                             2.58-2.91
     Volatility (%)                                                                                        33.93-37.10

                                                                                                    Number of shares


     At 1 January 2024                                                                                       1,529,415
     Forfeited during the year                                                                                          –
     Vested during the year                                                                                 (1,529,415)


     At 31 December 2024                                                                                                –


                                                                                                      Number of shares


     At 1 January 2023                                                                                       1,529,415
     Forfeited during the year                                                                                          –


     At 31 December 2023                                                                                     1,529,415


    The aforesaid transactions have been accounted for as share-based payment transactions. During the year ended 31
    December 2024, the Group recognised share option expenses of RMB420,000 (2023: RMB752,000).




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       ｜   159
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.160



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)   Major non-cash transactions
            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease
            liabilities of RMB4,831,000 (2023: RMB6,013,000), respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for factory,
            office and laboratory premises.


            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group had offset the payables for property, plant and
            equipment with the deferred income in the amount of RMB63,250,000, based on agreements with
            government authorities.


      (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
            and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
            future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
            financing activities.


                                                            Interest bearing
                                                           bank borrowings         Lease liabilities                 Total
                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000


             At 1 January 2024                                        57,790                  9,407                 67,197


             Changes from financing cash flow                        158,526                  (5,907)             152,619
             Changes from non-financing cash flow                            –                4,831                  4,831
             Accretion of interest                                      1,492                   329                  1,821


             At 31 December 2024                                     217,808                  8,660               226,468


             At 1 January 2023                                        21,619                 10,748                 32,367


             Changes from financing cash flow                         35,531                  (6,536)               28,995
             Changes from non-financing cash flow                            –                4,736                  4,736
             Accretion of interest                                        640                   459                  1,099


             At 31 December 2023                                      57,790                  9,407                 67,197




160 ｜   SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.161



                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 December 2024




33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
    (c)    Total cash outflow for leases
           The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statements of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000


             Within operating activities                                                       999                    1,092
             Within financing activities                                                     5,907                    6,536


             Total                                                                           6,906                    7,628


34. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
    Details of the Group’s restricted bank deposits and pledged certificate deposits are included in note 23 and note 21 to
    the financial statement.


35. COMMITMENTS
    The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of each of the reporting period.


                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000


     Contracted, but not provided for:
     Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                                      3,162                    1,624


    The Group had the following short-term lease commitments at the end of the reporting period. The future lease
    payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts are falling due as follows:


                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000


     Within one year                                                                           346                       438




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024       ｜   161
                   DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.162



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)     In addition to the directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration detailed in notes 8 to the financial statements,
              The Group had no significant transactions with related parties during the year.


      (b)     Outstanding balances with related parties
                                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000


                  Mr. Xiang Guanglong*                                                                         –                       14


              *        Mr. Xiang Guanglong were appointed as directors of the Company with effect from July 2017 to December 2022. Non-
                       trade in nature, included in “Prepayments, deposits and other receivables” in the consolidated statement of financial
                       position.


      (c)     Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
                                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000


                  Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                                      3,807                    3,405
                  Pension scheme contributions                                                                65                       59
                  Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                             5,956                    3,539


                                                                                                          9,828                    7,003


              Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s remuneration are included in note 8 to the consolidated
              financial statements.




162 ｜       SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
               DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.163



                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2024




37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
    follows:


                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000


     Financial assets
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
       Structured deposits and Certificates of deposit                                   95,517               174,383


     Financial assets at amortised cost:
     Trade and bills receivables                                                         80,068                41,608
     Financial assets included in other receivables and other assets                     25,559                 3,632
     Restricted bank deposits                                                              2,321                2,210
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                          883,758               110,962


                                                                                        991,706               158,412


     Financial liabilities
     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss:
     Derivative financial instruments                                                          –                   80


     Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
     Trade and bills payables                                                            40,687                30,907
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                       35,513                13,365
     Lease liabilities                                                                     8,660                9,407
     Interest-bearing bank loans                                                        217,808                57,790


                                                                                        302,668               111,469




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    ｜   163
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.164



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      All the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments approximate to their fair values due to the short-term
      maturities of these instruments.


      The Group’s finance department is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
      measurement of financial instruments. At the end of each of the reporting period, the finance department analysed
      the movements in the values of financial instruments and determined the major inputs applied in the valuation. The
      valuation is reviewed and approved by the finance manager. The valuation process and results are discussed with the
      directors of the Company once a year for annual financial reporting.


      The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
      exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.


      The fair values of the financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss have been calculated
      by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
      risk and remaining maturities.


      Fair value hierarchy
      Financial assets:
      As at 31 December 2024


                                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices in          Significant         Significant
                                                        active markets           observable       unobservable
                                                              (Level 1)     inputs (Level 2)     inputs (Level 3)          Total
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000


        Structured deposits and Certificate Deposits                   –              95,517                    –        95,517


      As at 31 December 2023


                                                                                Fair value measurement using
                                                        Quoted prices in          Significant          Significant
                                                          active markets    observable inputs       unobservable
                                                                (Level 1)            (Level 2)    inputs (Level 3)         Total
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000


        Structured deposits and Certificate Deposits                   –            174,383                     –       174,383




164 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
              DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.165



                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           31 December 2024




39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, financial assets at
    fair value through profit or loss and cash and short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is
    to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade
    receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.


    The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The
    board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.


    Foreign currency risk
    Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Fluctuations in
    exchange rates between RMB and other currencies in which the Group conducts business may affect the Group’s
    financial condition and results of operations.


    The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of each of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
    change in foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s loss before tax (due
    to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities) and the Group’s equity.


                                                                     Increase/              Increase/
                                                          (decrease) in basis (decrease) in profit               (Decrease)/
                                                                        points             before tax     increase in equity
                                                                             %               RMB’000                RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December 2024
     If RMB weakens against the USD                                             5               5,430                   5,430
     If RMB strengthens against the USD                                         5               (5,430)                (5,430)
     If RMB weakens against the EUR                                             5               6,485                   6,485
     If RMB strengthens against the EUR                                         5               (6,485)                (6,485)
     If RMB weakens against the HKD                                             5              32,764                 32,764
     If RMB strengthens against the HKD                                         5              (32,764)               (32,764)


     Year ended 31 December 2023
     If RMB weakens against the USD                                             5               3,357                   3,357
     If RMB strengthens against the USD                                         5               (3,357)                (3,357)




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024      ｜   165
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.166



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
      Credit risk
      The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who
      wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. Receivable balances are monitored on an
      ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant. The credit risk of the Group’s other financial
      assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents and financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and
      other assets, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of
      these instruments.


      For other receivables and other assets, management makes periodic collective assessment as well as individual
      assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records and past experience. The
      Directors believe that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding balance of other receivables.


      Maximum exposure and year-end staging
      The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy,
      which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and
      year-end staging classification as at the end of each of the reporting period.


      The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.


      As at 31 December 2024


                                             12-month ECLs                             Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                  Simplified
                                                   Stage 1        Stage 2          Stage 3         approach              Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000


        Trade and bills receivables*                     –              –                 –             89,337         89,337
        Financial assets included in other
          receivables and other assets              25,973              –                 –                  –         25,973
        Restricted bank balances                     2,321              –                 –                  –           2,321
        Cash and cash equivalents                  883,758              –                 –                  –        883,758


                                                   912,052              –                 –             89,337      1,001,389




166 ｜     SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.167



                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            31 December 2024




39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
    Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)
    As at 31 December 2023


                                               12-month ECLs                                       Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                   Simplified
                                                       Stage 1             Stage 2              Stage 3            approach                 Total
                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000


        Trade and bills receivables*                          –                   –                    –             48,484              48,484
        Financial assets included in other
          receivables and other assets                   4,063                    –                    –                   –              4,063
        Restricted bank balances                         2,210                    –                    –                   –              2,210
        Cash and cash equivalents                     110,962                     –                    –                   –            110,962


                                                      117,235                     –                    –             48,484             165,719


    *         The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal”
              when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk
              since initial recognition.


    At the end of each of the reporting period, the Group had no significant concentrations of credit risk which are
    disclosed in note 19 to the financial statement.


    Liquidity risk
    The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the
    maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e. g., trade receivables) and projected cash flows from
    operations. The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of each of the reporting period, based
    on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         ｜   167
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.168



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
      Liquidity risk (Continued)
      As at 31 December 2024


                                                             Less than 12
                                                           months or on
                                                                 demand          1 to 5 years          Total
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000


        Trade and bills payables                                  40,687                    –         40,687
        Financial liabilities included in other payables
          and accruals                                            35,513                    –         35,513
        Lease liabilities                                          4,279               3,633           7,912
        Interest-bearing bank loans                              203,150              16,150         219,300


                                                                 283,629              19,783         303,412


      As at 31 December 2023


                                                             Less than 12
                                                             months or on
                                                                 demand           1 to 5 years          Total
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000


        Trade and bills payables                                  30,907                    –         30,907
        Financial liabilities included in other payables
          and accruals                                            13,365                    –         13,365
        Lease liabilities                                         10,715               3,473          14,188
        Interest-bearing bank loans                               58,430                    –         58,430


                                                                 113,417               3,473         116,890




168 ｜     SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                   DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.169



                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
    Capital management
    The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
    concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.


    The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and
    the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the
    dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any
    externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing
    capital during the reporting period.


    The asset-liability ratios as at the end of each of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


        Total assets                                                                                    1,495,208              734,888


        Total liabilities                                                                                527,919               361,585


        Asset-liability ratio                                                                               35%                     49%


    *          The asset-liability ratio is calculated by dividing total liabilities by total assets.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024    ｜   169
                  DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.170



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
      Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


        NON-CURRENT ASSETS
        Property, plant and equipment                                                        18,514                28,130
        Right-of-use assets                                                                   4,984                 5,421
        Other intangible assets                                                               2,413                 1,066
        Investment in subsidiaries                                                           57,934                57,247
        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                          17,402                   958
        Trade receivables                                                                       578                     –


        Total non-current assets                                                            101,825                92,822


        CURRENT ASSETS
        Inventories                                                                          32,594                36,763
        Trade and bills receivables                                                         193,485               139,709
        Contract assets                                                                         512                   325
        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                         167,039                97,256
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                95,517               174,383
        Restricted bank deposits                                                              1,500                 1,389
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                           827,291                52,073


        Total current assets                                                              1,317,938               501,898


        CURRENT LIABILITIES
        Trade and bills payables                                                             93,016                95,610
        Other payables and accruals                                                         116,728                33,735
        Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                –                    80
        Interest-bearing bank loans                                                         132,005                     –
        Lease liabilities                                                                     2,654                     –
        Contract liabilities                                                                  5,426                 2,952
        Tax payable                                                                               –                10,672


        Total current liabilities                                                           349,829               143,049


        NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                  968,109               358,849


        TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                             1,069,934               451,671



170 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
                 DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.171



                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                     31 December 2024




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
                                                                                                31 December             31 December
                                                                                                        2024                   2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000


     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Interest-bearing bank loans                                                                      16,150                        –
     Deferred income                                                                                   7,903                  9,442
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            749                     559
     Lease liabilities                                                                                 2,599                  2,794
     Provision                                                                                         6,823                  6,127


     Total non-current liabilities                                                                    34,224                 18,922


     Net assets                                                                                   1,035,710                 432,749


     EQUITY
     Equity attributable to owners of the parent
     Share capital                                                                                  400,000                 360,000
     Reserves (Note)                                                                                635,710                  72,749


     Total equity                                                                                 1,035,710                 432,749


    Note:   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                 Share-based
                                                            Capital reserve   payment reserve     Accumulated loss               Total
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000



     At 1 January 2024                                            104,453             76,057             (107,761)            72,749
     Loss for the year                                                   –                 –              (86,190)            (86,190)



     Total comprehensive loss for the year                               –                 –              (86,190)            (86,190)
     Issue of shares                                              622,795                  –                    –            622,795
     Share-based payments                                                –            26,356                    –             26,356



     At 31 December 2024                                          727,248            102,413             (193,951)           635,710




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024      ｜   171
                DOBOT AR • 17_E_250147_Notes • 1st Proof • (22:18 25/04/2025) • (RD C>E) • P.172



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as further
      explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements. The amount
      will either be transferred to share capital when the related options are exercised, or be transferred to retained profits
      should the related options expire or be forfeited.


41. EVENTS AFTER THE RELEVANT PERIOD
      No significant events have occurred in respect of any period subsequent to 31 December 2024.


42. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 24 March 2025.




172 ｜    SHENZHEN DOBOT CORP LTD
