    中 期 報 告             INTERIM REPORT




SYNAGISTICS LIMITED             SYNAGISTICS LIMITED
   獅騰控股有限公司                            獅騰控股有限公司
  （於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
股份代號：2562 | 權證代號：2461       Stock Code: 2562 | Warrant Code: 2461
Contents
Chairman’s Statement                                2
Corporate Information                               3
Overview                                            5
Financial Highlights                                6
Operational Highlights for the six months ended     7
   June 30, 2026
Management Discussion and Analysis                  9
Other Information                                  17
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of        24
   Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of        25
   Financial Position
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of        26
   Changes in Equity
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of        27
   Cash Flows
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated        29
   Financial Statements
Definitions                                        48
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Synagistics Limited (the “Company” or “Synagistics”) hereby
announces the unaudited consolidated interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”, “we”
or “our” or “us”) for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (the “Reporting Period”), together with the comparative figures
for the corresponding period in 2025. These unaudited consolidated interim results of the Group have been reviewed by
the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”).

The first half of 2026 marked another important phase in Synagistics’ evolution into an AI-powered digital solutions
provider. We continued to strengthen our digital commerce business while advancing the commercialisation of our artificial
intelligence (“AI”) capabilities through the development of Geene 2.0, a Trusted AI Commerce Intelligence Ecosystem and
the introduction of two AI-and blockchain-enabled consumer intellectual properties (“IPs”), namely MASYN and AGONG
Durian. These initiatives reflect our strategy of integrating AI, digital commerce and trusted digital infrastructure to create
scalable commercial opportunities across Southeast Asia, while progressively building the infrastructure to support the
next phase of AI commerce.

The Group recorded total revenue of SGD39.8 million for the Reporting Period, representing an increase of 11.6% from
SGD35.7 million in the corresponding period of 2025. Gross profit increased by 5.4% to SGD9.9 million from SGD9.4 million
in the prior period, reflecting continued growth in our business. Net loss narrowed significantly to SGD17.5 million from
SGD28.8 million in the corresponding period of 2025, primarily due to the Group’s continued focus on operational efficiency
and cost optimization, together with the absence of certain non-cash and non-recurring expenses recognised in the prior
period.

The Group also continued its strategic transition towards a higher-margin, asset-light and technology-enabled D2B business
model, which remained the primary contributor to gross profit during the Reporting Period. This strategic shift reflects our
continued focus on improving earnings quality and creating a more scalable business model over the long term.

During the Reporting Period, we continued to expand our AI ecosystem through strategic partnerships and early
commercialisation initiatives. Geene 2.0 progressed from development towards commercialisation, laying the foundation
for its commercial launch in the second half of 2026. MASYN marked the Group’s first AI-driven brand incubation initiative
for intellectual property commercialisation. In addition, AGONG Durian gained encouraging market traction as an early
deployment of our AI commerce capabilities, demonstrating the practical application of our integrated AI, commerce
and blockchain technologies. Together, these initiatives provide early commercial use cases of how our technology and
commerce capabilities can be deployed across different industries and commercial models.

The first half of 2026 was a period of strategic progress for the Group, during which we strengthened our core business
while establishing important foundations for the next phase of growth. As we move into the second half of the year, our
focus remains on converting innovation into sustainable commercial outcomes, expanding the commercial adoption of our
AI capabilities and advancing our long-term vision for AI commerce infrastructure, while maintaining financial discipline and
delivering long-term value.

Tai Ho Yan Olive
Executive Director and Chairman




2    SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                     CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                          COMPANY SECRETARY
Executive Directors                                         Mr. Ng Tung Ching Raphael (FCG, HKFCG)
Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement (Chairman)
 (retired with effect from July 6, 2026)                    LEGAL ADVISOR
Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive (Chairman)                             As to Hong Kong laws
 (appointed as Chairman with effect from July 6, 2026)      Sidley Austin
Mr. Wu Chi Ho John                                          39/F, Two International Finance Centre
 (appointed with effect from July 6, 2026)                  8 Finance Street
                                                            Central
Independent Non-executive Directors                         Hong Kong
Mr. Selva Bryan Ratnam
Mr. Andrew Chow Heng Cheong                                 AUDITOR
Mr. Siek Wei Ting                                           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                            Certified Public Accountants and
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                  Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive                                        35th Floor, One Pacific Place
Mr. Ng Tung Ching Raphael (FCG, HKFCG)                      88 Queensway
                                                            Hong Kong
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Siek Wei Ting (Chairperson)                             REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Selva Bryan Ratnam                                      Maples Corporate Services Limited
Mr. Andrew Chow Heng Cheong                                 PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                                            Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                      Cayman Islands
Mr. Andrew Chow Heng Cheong (Chairperson)
Mr. Selva Bryan Ratnam                                      HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive                                        OF BUSINESS IN SINGAPORE
 (appointed with effect from July 6, 2026)                  38 Jalan Pemimpin
Mr. Wu Chi Ho John                                          #05–07
 (appointed with effect from July 6, 2026)                  M38
Mr. Siek Wei Ting                                           Singapore 577178


NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement (Chairperson)                    HONG KONG
 (retired with effect from July 6, 2026)                    46/F, Hopewell Centre
Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive (Chairperson)                          183 Queen’s Road East
 (appointed as Chairperson with effect from July 6, 2026)   Wan Chai
Mr. Wu Chi Ho John                                          Hong Kong
 (appointed with effect from July 6, 2026)
Mr. Selva Bryan Ratnam                                      PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Andrew Chow Heng Cheong                                 TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Siek Wei Ting                                           Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
                                                            PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
                                                            Cricket Square
                                                            Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
                                                            Cayman Islands




                                                                                SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   3
CORPORATE INFORMATION


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


STOCK CODE
2562


WARRANT CODE
2461


COMPANY WEBSITE
https://synagistics.com/




4      SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                          OVERVIEW

Synagistics is an AI-powered digital solutions platform in Southeast Asia, and we provide integrated digital solutions to
our brand partners across the region. Under our direct-to-brands or businesses (“D2B”) business model, we provide data-
driven digital solutions to brands covering all aspects of e-commerce. Under our direct-to-consumers (“D2C”) business
model, we sell brands’ products directly to consumers.

As one of Southeast Asia’s leading digital commerce and technology platforms, we have provided data-driven digital
commerce solutions to over 600 enterprises and renowned brands across the region. Building on our established position
in digital commerce, we launched Geene in March 2025 as part of our strategy to accelerate enterprise AI adoption
and commercialisation. Through the continued development of our AI capabilities, technology ecosystem and strategic
partnerships, we are evolving beyond digital commerce into enterprise AI and trusted digital infrastructure, while building
the foundations to support the next phase of AI commerce.

During the first half of 2026, we continued to advance our technology-driven model and to deepen the commercial
application of our artificial intelligence (“AI”) capabilities. We progressed the development of Geene 2.0, a Trusted AI
Commerce Intelligence Ecosystem co-developed by Synagie, our flagship digital commerce and technology brand, together
with 11 founding partners across the AI, data, media, content, commerce and blockchain sectors. Geene 2.0 is designed to
help enterprises move beyond fragmented AI adoption by integrating business intelligence, strategy formulation, content
generation, workflow automation, commerce execution and product verification within a unified ecosystem. Through
this integrated approach, Geene 2.0 represents an important component of the Group’s longer-term strategy to build the
technology and ecosystem infrastructure supporting AI commerce.

We also launched MASYN, an AI-powered ecommerce brand established in partnership with Mei Ah Entertainment Group
Limited (“Mei Ah Entertainment”, Stock Code: 0391.HK), marking our first deployment of an AI-driven brand incubation
and intellectual property commercialisation model for Southeast Asia. In parallel, we continued to advance our cross-
border commerce including through initiatives such as SEA the Future, designed to support brands in expanding across
Southeast Asia markets, while maintaining our strategic transition towards the higher-margin, asset-light and technology-
enabled business model.

Our geographical presence covers the six main economies in Southeast Asia, namely Singapore, Malaysia, the Philippines,
Vietnam, Thailand and Indonesia. We have also continued to expand our footprint across multiple markets, including the
Greater China region, supporting its strategy of broadening market reach and enhancing cross-border digital commerce
capabilities.

We remain focused on leveraging our data, digital commerce expertise and AI capabilities to deliver scalable solutions for
enterprises across Southeast Asia and beyond. Through the continued development of our AI ecosystem, expansion of
strategic partnerships and advancement of cross-border commerce capabilities, we aim to strengthen the position across
the evolving AI commerce value chain. As AI adoption accelerates, we believe trust, transparency and governance will
become increasingly important in enabling enterprises to deploy AI responsibly and at scale. These principles will continue
to underpin the development of our technology ecosystem and trusted digital infrastructure.




                                                                                  SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   5
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

For the six months ended June 30, 2026:

•     Revenue increased by 11.6% to SGD39.8 million from SGD35.7 million in the prior period, supported by continued
      growth across the Group’s digital commerce business. Revenue growth was driven by both D2B and D2C segments,
      with D2B revenue increasing by 10.9% to SGD13.9 million and D2C revenue increasing by 11.9% to SGD25.9 million.
      The Group remains focused on expanding its higher margin, technology-enabled and scalable D2B business model as
      part of its long-term growth strategy.

•     Gross profit was SGD9.9 million, representing an increase of 5.4% compared to prior period. Gross profit margin
      decreased to 24.9% during the Reporting Period from 26.3% in the prior period, mainly due to change of business mix.

•     Loss for the period narrowed to SGD17.5 million from SGD28.8 million in the prior period, primarily attributable
      to cost optimization and operational efficiency together with a reduction in share-based payment expenses. The
      improvement was partially offset by lower fair value gains on promoter warrant liabilities and public warrants
      liabilities, which were non-cash in nature and did not reflect our operating performance.

•     Adjusted EBITDA (non-IFRS measure)(1) was a loss of SGD3.8 million during the Reporting Period, compared to a
      loss of SGD2.3 million in the prior period. Adjusted EBITDA margin was -9.4% in the first half of 2026 from -6.5% in the
      first half of 2025.

•     Adjusted net assets (non-IFRS measure)(2) were SGD65.3 million as at June 30, 2026 compared with SGD76.2
      million as at December 31, 2025.




(1)   The Group defines adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) as loss for the period after adding back certain items, including (i) depreciation and
      amortization expenses; (ii) income tax expense/(credit); (iii) net finance costs; (iv) share-based payment expenses; (v) impairment losses under
      expected credit loss model; (vi) changes in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL; (vii) changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL; (viii) loss on
      derecognition of financial liabilities; and (ix) one-off professional fees and expenses related to the De-SPAC transaction. Adjusted EBITDA margin is
      calculated as adjusted EBITDA divided by total revenue for the period multiplied by 100%.


(2)   The Group defines adjusted net assets (a non-IFRS measure) as net assets after adding back the financial liabilities at FVTPL.


      The reconciliation of IFRS measures to non-IFRS measures presented above is included in the paragraph headed “Non-IFRS measure” of this report.

6     SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED
                                                    JUNE 30, 2026
DEVELOPMENT AND UNVEILING OF GEENE 2.0 — A TRUSTED AI COMMERCE
ECOSYSTEM
The Group continued to develop and enhance its proprietary Geene AI platform during the Reporting Period and
subsequently unveiled Geene 2.0 on July 22, 2026. Geene 2.0 is a Trusted AI Commerce Intelligence Ecosystem designed
to accelerate enterprise AI adoption and commercialisation through the integration of business intelligence, strategy
formulation, content generation, workflow automation, commerce execution and product verification capabilities.

Geene 2.0 was co-developed by the Group and 11 founding partners across the artificial intelligence, data, media,
commerce and blockchain sectors, creating an integrated ecosystem designed to enable enterprises to move beyond
fragmented AI solutions towards scalable commercial deployment. Geene 2.0 is currently being progressively rolled out,
with its public launch planned for August 31, 2026, marking an important milestone in the Group’s strategy to expand its
enterprise AI capabilities and build the technology and ecosystem infrastructure supporting AI commerce.

As part of the Group’s go-to-market strategy for Geene 2.0, the Group leverages multiple enterprise adoption channels,
including direct enterprise engagement, ecosystem partnerships and government-supported programmes and grants that
facilitate AI adoption among eligible businesses. These channels are intended to broaden enterprise access and drive the
commercial adoption of Geene 2.0 across Singapore and progressively across the region.

Further details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated July 22, 2026.


LAUNCH OF MASYN — AI-POWERED ECOMMERCE BRAND WITH MEI AH
ENTERTAINMENT
The Group partnered with Mei Ah Entertainment to launch MASYN, an AI-powered e-commerce brand incubation initiative
aimed at accelerating the commercialisation of IP through the integration of AI-generated content, consumer demand
validation and cross-border e-commerce capabilities. The initiative combines Mei Ah Entertainment’s expertise in AI
content creation, creative storytelling, product development and supply chain integration with the Group’s AI commerce
infrastructure, e-commerce operational expertise and established market presence across Southeast Asia.

Following its launch, MASYN has expanded its e-commerce presence across multiple markets in the region through
a combination of its own direct-to-consumer website and e-stores on leading e-commerce platforms. This regional
rollout demonstrates the Group’s ability to translate AI-enabled brand and IP development into cross-border commercial
execution.

MASYN represents a key milestone in the Group’s strategy to develop an AI-driven brand incubation and cross-border
commercialisation framework. By leveraging AI-enabled content creation, data-driven consumer insights and regional
e-commerce execution capabilities, the initiatives seek to provide a scalable and asset-light model for development and
commercialisation of brands or IP across Southeast Asia, from consumer demand validation through to cross-border
market execution.

Further details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated June 11, 2026.




                                                                                SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   7
OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED
JUNE 30, 2026
AGONG DURIAN — DEMONSTRATING AI COMMERCE AND TRUSTED DIGITAL
INFRASTRUCTURE
The Group also applied its AI commerce capabilities through AGONG Durian, a premium Malaysian durian brand and the
first commercial deployment of Geene 2.0. The deployment integrates demand analytics, AI-generated commerce content,
digital sales operations and blockchain-enabled product provenance verification within a single end-to-end commercial
application.

AGONG Durian provides a real-world demonstration of how AI intelligence, commerce execution and trusted digital
infrastructure can work together within a commercial environment. Through blockchain-enabled provenance and
verification, the deployment also highlights the growing importance of trust, transparency and traceability as AI becomes
increasingly integrated into commerce.

Together, Geene 2.0, MASYN and AGONG Durian demonstrate the Group’s broader strategy of connecting AI intelligence
with commercial execution and trusted digital infrastructure. As enterprises increasingly adopt AI across their operations,
the Group believes that trust, transparency and governance will become increasingly important in enabling AI to
be deployed responsibly and at scale. The Group therefore views trust not simply as a technology feature, but as a
fundamental layer in the development of scalable AI commerce.

Further details are set out in the announcements of the Company dated June 11, 2026 and July 22, 2026.




8    SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
We derive revenue primarily from providing integrated digital solutions to our brand partners under two business
models, namely (i) the D2B model, under which we provide data-driven digital solutions to brands covering all aspects of
e-commerce; and (ii) the D2C model, under which we sell brands’ products to consumers directly. The table below sets
forth a breakdown of revenue by business model during the periods indicated.

                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                  2026                         2025                          Change
                                            SGD’000              %       SGD’000              %         SGD’000                  %


D2B                                           13,892          34.9        12,522            35.1           1,370               10.9
D2C                                           25,917          65.1        23,160            64.9           2,757               11.9


Total                                         39,809         100.0        35,682          100.0            4,127               11.6


During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded total revenue of SGD39.8 million, representing a 11.6% increase from
SGD35.7 million in the prior period. This increase was driven by continued growth across both the D2B and D2C businesses.

Revenue from D2B increased by 10.9% to SGD13.9 million from SGD12.5 million in the prior period, reflecting continued
demand for the Group’s digital solutions and services from brand partners.

Revenue from D2C increased by 11.9% to SGD25.9 million from SGD23.2 million in the prior period, supported by the
Group’s continued application of data-driven strategies to optimise digital commerce performance and drive growth across
its brand portfolio.


Cost of Sales
Cost of sales primarily consisted of the value of goods and services incurred to generate our revenue. The table below sets
forth a breakdown of cost of sales by business model during the periods indicated.

                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                  2026                         2025                          Change
                                            SGD’000              %       SGD’000              %         SGD’000                  %


D2B                                            5,310          17.8         4,194            16.0           1,116               26.6
D2C                                           24,602          82.2        22,100            84.0           2,502               11.3


Total                                         29,912         100.0        26,294          100.0            3,618               13.8


Cost of sales under the D2B business model increased by 26.6% from SGD4.2 million in the prior period to SGD5.3 million
during the Reporting Period, primarily reflecting changes in business mix, including a higher contribution from performance
marketing services, which typically carry a higher cost of sales relative to other D2B solutions.

Cost of sales under the D2C business model increased by 11.3% from SGD22.1 million in the prior period to SGD24.6 million
during the Reporting Period, in line with the increase in D2C revenue.




                                                                                   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026      9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                           2026                       2025
                                                                    Gross                       Gross
                                                      Gross         profit       Gross          profit
                                                      profit       margin        profit        margin            Change
                                                    SGD’000             %      SGD’000             %        SGD’000              %


D2B                                                   8,582           61.8        8,328          66.5            254            3.0
D2C                                                   1,315            5.1        1,060           4.6            255           24.1


Total                                                 9,897           24.9        9,388          26.3            509            5.4


Overall gross profit increased by 5.4% to SGD9.9 million during the Reporting Period from SGD9.4 million in the prior period.
Total gross profit margin was 24.9% in the Reporting Period, compared to 26.3% in the prior period, mainly reflecting a
change in business mix.

The D2B business model reported gross profit of SGD8.6 million, a 3.0% increase from the prior period, with margins
at 61.8% in the Reporting Period as compared to 66.5% in the prior period. The change in gross profit margin primarily
reflected a higher contribution from performance marketing services during the Reporting Period, which typically carry
relatively lower gross profit margins compared with other D2B solutions.

For the D2C business model, gross profit increased by 24.1% to SGD1.3 million, with margins increased to 5.1% in the
Reporting Period, compared to 4.6% in the prior period. The improvement was primarily driven by the Group’s continued
transition away from the outright D2C model, which involved direct inventory purchases and associated inventory risks. The
Group ceased its outright D2C business during the Reporting Period and has since shifted its focus towards a more asset-
light, technology-enabled and services-centric business model.


Other Income and Other Gain and Loss
Other income and other gain and loss primarily consisted of (i) government grants; (ii) bank interest income; and (iii)
exchange gain/(loss), net. Other income and other gain and loss decreased by SGD1.7 million mainly due to a one-off loss
on the early settlement of a convertible loan note, arising from the recognition in profit or loss of previously capitalised
transaction costs upon settlement of the convertible loan note.


Change in Fair Value of Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (“FVTPL”)
Change in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL consisted of (i) fair value gain on promoter earn-out rights liabilities; (ii)
fair value gain on promoter warrant liabilities; and (iii) fair value gain on public warrants liabilities. The change in the fair
value of financial liabilities at FVTPL recognized during the Reporting Period was SGD0.5 million, representing a decrease of
98.3% from SGD31.6 million in the prior period. These fair value movements were non-cash in nature and did not reflect the
Group’s core operating performance.




10      SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Selling and Distribution Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses comprised (i) sales and promotional expenses related to our marketing campaigns to
attract brand partners and customers; (ii) fulfillment expenses related to warehousing and logistics of brands’ products;
and (iii) last-mile logistics expenses paid to third-party service providers. Selling and distribution expenses remained
broadly stable at SGD4.1 million during the Reporting Period, compared to SGD4.1 million in the prior period. Fulfilment
expenses paid to third-party service providers decreased as a result of the continued benefits from the asset-light
operating model implemented since 2022, under which the Group leverages third-party supply chain providers for
fulfilment services at a lower cost compared to in-house fulfilment.

Selling and distribution expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased from 11.5% in the prior period to 10.3% in the
Reporting Period. This improvement was supported by our strategic shift toward the D2B business model with improved
operating cost efficiencies from outsourced fulfilment and last-mile logistics services. These developments are consistent
with the Group’s long-term growth strategy to optimize operational scalability and profitability.


General and Administrative Expenses
General and administrative expenses primarily consisted of (i) compensation and benefits expenses; (ii) depreciation and
amortization expenses; (iii) share-based payment expenses and (iv) one-off professional fees and expenses related to the
De-SPAC Transaction. General and administrative expenses decreased from SGD66.9 million in the prior period to SGD21.9
million during the Reporting Period, primarily reflecting a substantial reduction in share-based payment expenses due to
absence of amortization expenses relating to the founding shareholders earn-out right, which were fully amortized in the
prior year.

General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue significantly improved from 187.4% in the prior
period to 54.9% in the Reporting Period due to the aforementioned factors.


Finance Costs
Finance costs comprised (i) interest on convertible loan notes; (ii) interest on bank and other borrowings; and (iii) interest
on lease liabilities. Finance costs increased from SGD0.1 million in the prior period to SGD0.5 million in the Reporting
Period. Finance costs as a percentage of total revenue also increased from 0.2% in the prior period to 1.3% in the Reporting
Period, and the gearing ratio (being indebtedness divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%) as of June 30, 2026 is
1.0% (Adjusted gearing ratio excluding convertible loan notes as of December 31, 2025: 1.4%). The increase was primarily
due to the interest expense arising from the short-term convertible loan notes obtained towards the end of the prior year,
which were fully repaid during the Reporting Period.


Income Tax Credit/(Expenses)
Income tax expenses are currently payable based on taxable profit for the period, including withholding taxes. The Group’s
subsidiaries are subject to domestic statutory corporate tax rates ranging from 17% to 25%, depending on the relevant
jurisdiction. Income tax credit in the current period represents our deferred tax asset arising from the Group’s defined
benefit obligations based on the actuarial assessment. The Group recognized negligible income tax credit in the Reporting
Period, as compared to income tax expenses of SGD39,000 in the prior period.


Loss for the Period
As a result of the cumulative effect of the factors discussed above, the Group’s loss for the period narrowed to SGD17.5
million from SGD28.8 million in the prior period. Net loss margin was 44.0% during the Reporting Period compared with
80.8% in the prior period.




                                                                                    SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Trade and Other Receivables
Trade and other receivables comprised primarily (i) trade receivables, mainly arising from brand partners under the D2B
business model; (ii) other tax receivables, mainly related to withholding tax receivables; and (iii) prepayments, mainly
representing cash payments to certain suppliers for services rendered over time.

Trade and other receivables decreased from SGD23.1 million as of December 31, 2025 to SGD 20.9 million as of June 30,
2026. This reduction was primarily driven by more timely collections from brand partners, reflecting our continued efforts
to optimize working capital.


Trade and Other Payables
Trade and other payables primarily consisted of (i) trade payables, representing mainly payables to suppliers in the ordinary
course of business under our D2C business model; (ii) other payables, representing non-trade payables to suppliers, such
as fulfillment service providers, professional service providers and IT vendors; (iii) accruals, related to completed service
provided by suppliers that have not been billed; (iv) other tax payables, relating to output VAT payables and withholding
tax payables; and (v) contract liabilities, representing deposits by customers as upfront payment in accordance with the
payment schedules specified in the relevant contracts.

Trade and other payables decreased from SGD18.0 million as of December 31, 2025 to SGD14.7 million as of June 30, 2026,
primarily due to the settlement of trade and other payables balances during the Reporting Period.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
We principally fund our working capital from cash generated from our operations, bank and other borrowings, and net
proceeds from the De-SPAC Transaction, as well as equity financing activities and debt financing activities in a balanced
manner.

On October 29, 2025, the Company (as guarantor for the issuer) entered into a subscription and placing agency agreement
(the “Agreement”) with the issuer, pursuant to which the placing agent and the subscriber in relation to the subscription
by the subscriber for the convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of US$35 million to be issued by the issuer
(the “Convertible Bonds”), subject to the conditions set out in the Agreement. On February 3, 2026, the Convertible
Bonds had been redeemed at the option of the issuer. Details of the above were set out in announcements of the Company
dated October 30, 2025 and February 3, 2026.

As of June 30, 2026, the Group recorded net current assets of SGD31.5 million (December 31, 2025: net current assets of
SGD41.5 million). The decrease in net current assets as of June 30, 2026 is mainly due to the settlement of the convertible
loan notes during the Reporting Period, which resulted in a reduction in cash and cash equivalents, together with the
derecognition of the convertible loan notes balances. The reduction in cash and cash equivalents was also attributable to
working capital requirements and funding for the Group’s ongoing operations and strategic initiatives.

As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s net cash position (represented by cash and cash equivalents less bank and other
borrowings and convertible loan notes) was at SGD22.2 million (December 31, 2025: SGD33.8 million).


Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash held by the Group and bank balances for the purpose of meeting its short-
term cash commitments. The Group also recognised investments in money market funds under cash equivalents, due to
their first-class credit rating and investments in extremely short-term money market securities, undergo only minor value
fluctuations and can be readily converted into known amount of cash.

As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were SGD22.3 million (December 31, 2025: SGD76.2 million),
which were primarily denominated in United States Dollar, Hong Kong Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Malaysia Ringgit,
Vietnamese Dong and Indonesian Rupiah.

12   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Capital Expenditures
During the Reporting Period, the Group had additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets amounting
to SGD1.2 million, as compared to SGD1.1 million in the prior period. These additions were primarily attributable to the
capitalization of continued development costs related to the Geene AI Platform and the ongoing development of the
Synagie Platform.


Pledged Assets
As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any pledged assets.


Foreign Exchange Risk
Several subsidiaries of the Group have sales and purchases in currencies other than the functional currency of the group
entities such as United States dollars, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk.

The Group monitor its foreign exchange exposure as part of its foreign exchange risk management policy. The Group did
not use any hedging instruments during the Reporting Period. Management will continue to monitor foreign exchange
exposure and may consider appropriate hedging arrangements should significant foreign currency exposure arise.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As of June 30, 2026, the Group did not have significant contingent liabilities.

NON-IFRS MEASURE
To supplement the consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with IFRSs, the Group used adjusted EBITDA
and adjusted EBITDA% (non-IFRS measures) as additional financial measures, which are not required by, or presented
in accordance with IFRSs. The Group believes that adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA% (non-IFRS measures) provide
useful information to investors in understanding and evaluating its consolidated results of operations in the same manner
as they help the management. However, presentation of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA% (non-IFRS measures) may
not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted
EBITDA% (non-IFRS measures) has limitations as an analytical tool, and investors should not consider it in isolation from, or
as substitute for analysis of, our results of operations or financial conditions as reported under IFRSs.

The Group defines adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) as loss for the period after adding back certain items, including
(i) depreciation and amortization expenses; (ii) income tax expense/(credit); (iii) net finance costs; (iv) share-based payment
expenses; (v) expected credit losses for long overdue receivables and contract assets; (vi) fair value gain on promoter earn-
out rights liabilities; (vii) fair value gain on promoter warrant liabilities; (viii) fair value gain on public warrants liabilities; (ix)
changes in fair value of financial assets; (x) loss on derecognition of financial liabilities; and (xi) one-off professional fees
and expenses related to the De-SPAC transaction. Adjusted EBITDA% is calculated as adjusted EBITDA divided by total
revenue for the period multiplied by 100%. The table below reconciles adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) presented to
loss for the period.




                                                                                            SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                 2026             2025
                                                                                              SGD’000          SGD’000


Reconciliation of loss for the period and adjusted EBITDA
   (a non-IFRS measure)
Loss for the period                                                                             (17,511)               (28,847)
Add:
Depreciation and amortization expenses                                                            1,021                 1,054
Income tax (credit)/expenses                                                                         (1)                   39
Net finance costs                                                                                    88                  (358)


EBITDA                                                                                          (16,403)               (28,112)


Add:
Share-based payment expenses                                                                      8,806                 54,878
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model                                                  292                     13
Fair value gain on promoter earn-out rights liabilities                                              —                  (8,973)
Fair value gain on promoter warrant liabilities                                                    (521)               (22,444)
Fair value gain on public warrants liabilities                                                       (4)                  (217)
Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                                  645                     —
Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities                                                      941                     —
One-off professional fees and expenses related to the De-SPAC Transaction                         2,485                  2,549


Adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure)                                                              (3,759)               (2,306)


Adjusted EBITDA% (a non-IFRS measure)                                                             (9.4)%                (6.5)%


Except for depreciation and amortization expenses, income tax (credit)/expenses and net finance costs, which were part of
EBITDA, the Company made adjustments of certain items to loss for the periods presented as the management considered
that: (i) share-based payment expenses represented primarily non-cash employee benefit expenses incurred in connection
with the employees share incentive scheme, and issuances of shareholders’ bonus shares and earn-out rights amortization
expenses, such expenses in any specific period were not expected to result in future cash payments; (ii) impairment losses
under expected credit loss model represented impairment recognized on long overdue receivables and contract assets,
which are non-cash in nature; (iii) changes in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL represented fair value adjustment on
promoter earn-out rights liabilities, promoter warrants liabilities and public warrants; (iv) changes in fair value of financial
assets at FVTPL represented changes in the fair value of certain financial investments held by the Group. All fair value
adjustments above were non-cash in nature and driven by market conditions which did not reflect the business core
operating profitability; (v) loss on derecognition of financial liabilities represented a one-off loss arising from the early
settlement of the Group’s convertible loan and associated transaction costs incurred during the Reporting Period; (vi) one-
off professional fees and expenses related to the De-SPAC Transaction included legal, advisory and regulatory compliance
expenses incurred in connection with the listing and De-SPAC process. These were one-off expenses and did not reflect
the Group’s core operating profitability.




14   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Company defines adjusted net assets (a non-IFRS measure) as net assets after adding back the financial liabilities at
FVTPL. The table below reconciles adjusted assets (a non-IFRS measure) presented to net assets for the periods:

                                                                                            At June 30,         At December 31,
                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                                 S$’000                 S$’000


 Reconciliation of net assets for the period and adjusted net assets
    (a non-IFRS measure)
 Net assets                                                                                        65,056                   75,498
 Add:
 Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                                        220                        751


 Adjusted net assets                                                                               65,276                   76,249


The Group has issued public warrant liabilities, promoter warrant liabilities and promoter earn-out rights liabilities as
set out in note 14 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements. The Group recognized these financial
instruments as financial liabilities at FVTPL. As the financial liabilities at FVTPL is primarily related to the De-SPAC
Transaction, are one-off non-cash in nature and are driven by market conditions which did not reflect the business core
operating profitability, the Company believes the adjusted net assets/liabilities brings a more meaningful and useful
information of the total asset value of the Group.


PROSPECTS AND OUTLOOK
Looking ahead, the Group remains focused on advancing its transformation from an AI-powered digital solutions provider
towards building the technology and ecosystem infrastructure supporting AI commerce across Southeast Asia. This
strategy builds on the Group’s established digital commerce capabilities and regional operating footprint while expanding
its proprietary technologies, ecosystem partnerships and new commercialisation models.

Geene 2.0 will play an increasingly important role in this strategy. By integrating business intelligence, strategy formulation,
content generation, workflow automation, commerce execution and governance capabilities within a unified ecosystem,
Geene 2.0 is designed to enable enterprises to move beyond fragmented AI solutions towards more scalable enterprise
deployment. Following its progressive rollout, the Group will focus on driving enterprise adoption through multiple go-
to-market channels, expanding its ecosystem of strategic partners and extending the application of Geene 2.0 across
industries and regional markets.

Trust and AI governance will remain an important area of continued development for the Group. As AI becomes
increasingly embedded in enterprise decision-making and commercial execution, the Group believes that trust,
transparency, data integrity and governance will become fundamental to the scalable adoption of AI. The Group intends to
continue strengthening these capabilities as an integral layer of its AI commerce ecosystem, building on applications such
as blockchain-enabled product provenance and verification demonstrated through AGONG Durian.

The Group will also continue to expand its cross-border commerce capabilities across Southeast Asia, leveraging its
regional digital commerce infrastructure, data capabilities and market presence to help brands and intellectual properties
access and commercialise opportunities across multiple markets. Initiatives such as SEA the Future, together with other
cross-border commerce programmes and strategic partnerships, are intended to strengthen connectivity between brands,
markets and consumers and create new opportunities for regional commercialisation.




                                                                                      SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026    15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Group will continue to develop and commercialise new business and IP models through initiatives such as MASYN
and AGONG Durian, which provide early examples of how the Group’s AI, commerce and trusted digital capabilities
can be applied in real-world commercial environments. These initiatives also provide opportunities to validate new
commercialisation models that may subsequently be scaled across brands, IP and markets.

Together, these initiatives reflect the Group’s broader strategy to connect AI intelligence, commercial execution, cross-
border market access and trust within an increasingly integrated AI commerce ecosystem. The Group believes that this
combination of technology, regional commerce capabilities and trusted digital infrastructure will position Synagistics to
capture emerging opportunities as AI increasingly reshapes how enterprises operate, engage consumers and conduct
commerce across markets.

The Group will continue to evaluate strategic partnerships, investments and acquisition opportunities that complement its
technology and commerce capabilities, accelerate ecosystem development, strengthen its regional market position and
support sustainable long-term growth.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS
The Company is a successor company of a De-SPAC transaction (the “De-SPAC Transaction”) completed on October
30, 2024, details of which have been disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated October 30, 2024 and the De-
SPAC transaction circular (the “De-SPAC Circular”) of the Company (formerly known as HK Acquisition Corporation) dated
October 3, 2024.

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the De-SPAC Circular, the announcements
of the Company dated June 27, 2025 and July 4, 2025 relating to a top-up placing and subscription and this report, as of
June 30, 2026 and the date of this report, the Company had no other future plans for any material investments or capital
assets.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD AND MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
The Group had no significant investments (including any investment in an investee company) with a value of 5% or more
of the Group’s total assets or material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the
Reporting Period.

The Board confirmed that the Group’s transactions in financial assets during the Reporting Period, on a standalone basis
and aggregate basis, did not constitute notifiable transactions under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As of June 30, 2026, the Group had a total of 279 employees. For the Reporting Period, the total remuneration cost,
including share-based payment expenses incurred by the Group, was SGD15.1 million.

The success of the Group depends on its ability to attract, motivate, train and retain qualified personnel. The Company
believes that it has provided its employees with competitive compensation packages and an environment that fosters
career development. The remuneration of the Group’s employees comprises salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident
fund, share-based payment, and social security contributions and other welfare payments, which are determined by their
responsibilities, qualifications, positions and seniority. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the Group
makes contributions to social security insurance funds (including pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury
insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance) and housing funds for the Group’s employees.

To maintain the quality, knowledge and skill levels of its workforce, the Group provides comprehensive training programs,
including orientation programs and professional development training, to empower our employees to excel in their roles
and drive innovation. The Group’s orientation program covers such topics as its corporate culture, and digital commerce
workflows and services.

16   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF
THE COMPANY IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE
COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of June 30, 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in any of the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
SFO (including interests and short positions in which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO),
or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise
required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:


Interests in Shares and underlying Shares
                                                                                                                      Number
                                                                                                                   of Shares/               Percentage
                                                                                                                   underlying           shareholding in
  Name of Director                                       Capacity/nature of interest                                 Shares(1)           the Company(6)


  Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement(2)                          Beneficial owner, interest in controlled            54,270,223(3)(4) (L)                  11.80%
                                                         corporation and founder of trust(3)(4)               15,008,000(3) (S)                     3.26%

  Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive                                   Beneficial owner and founder of trust(5)              15,714,687(5) (L)                    3.42%

  Mr. Selva Bryan Ratnam                                 Beneficial owner                                             80,000 (L)                    0.02%

  Mr. Andrew Chow Heng Cheong                            Beneficial owner                                             80,000 (L)                    0.02%

  Mr. Siek Wei Ting                                      Beneficial owner                                             80,000 (L)                    0.02%

Notes:


(1)      The letter “L” denotes long positions and the letter “S” denotes short positions.


(2)      Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement has retired as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board with effect from July 6, 2026.


(3)      Metadrome Ltd. is wholly owned by D.A.T. Associates Limited as nominee for Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement pursuant to a declaration of trust. Under the
         SFO, Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement is deemed to be interested in the 17,508,000 Shares (long positions) and 15,008,000 Shares (short position) in which
         Metadrome Ltd. and D.A.T. Associates Limited are interested.


(4)      It includes 1,907,520 underlying Shares in respect of the RSUs granted to Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement on June 5, 2025 and 34,854,703 Shares which
         may be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Founding Shareholders Earn-out Right.


(5)      It includes 482 Shares owned by Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive, 3,840,000 underlying Shares in respect of the RSUs granted to Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive on April 30,
         2026, 914,260 underlying Shares in respect of the RSUs granted to Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive on June 5, 2025 and 10,959,945 Shares which may be issued
         pursuant to the exercise of the Founding Shareholders Earn-out Right.


(6)      Calculated on the basis of 459,891,323 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.




                                                                                                           SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026      17
OTHER INFORMATION

Interests in Associated Corporations
                                                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                                                        shareholding in
                                       Associated                          Capacity/                              Number of              the associated
  Name of Director                     corporation                         Nature of interest                    shares held                corporation


  Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen                   Synagie Inc.                        Nominee(2)                                    1 share          Less than 0.1%
   Clement(1)

  Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive                 Synagie Inc.                        Nominee(2)                                    1 share          Less than 0.1%

                                       Synagie Corporation                 Beneficial interest                      100 shares                     0.1%
                                         (Thailand) Limited

                                       Synagie (Thailand) Ltd.             Beneficial interest                      200 shares                     0.1%

Notes:

(1)      Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement has retired as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board with effect from July 6, 2026.

(2)      Each of Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement and Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive holds one share in Synagie Inc. as nominee on behalf of Synagie, a wholly-owned
         subsidiary of the Company.


Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executive of the Company,
none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of SFO (including interests
and short positions in which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required,
pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise required to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

INTERESTS OF THE SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As of June 30, 2026, so far as the Directors were aware, the following persons (not being a Director or chief executive of
the Company) had or were deemed or taken to have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein:

Interests in the Shares
                                                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                                   Number of            shareholding in
  Name of Shareholder                                    Nature of interest                                          Shares(1)           the Company(3)


  HKT Limited                                            Interest in controlled corporation(2)                   27,300,000(L)                    5.94%

  PCCW Limited                                           Interest in controlled corporation(2)                   27,300,000(L)                    5.94%

Notes:

(1)      The letter “L” denotes long positions and the letter “S” denotes short positions.

(2)      HKT Limited through its wholly-owned subsidiaries is interested in 27,300,000 Shares. HKT Limited is held as to 52.24% by PCCW Limited. Under the
         SFO, PCCW Limited is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which HKT Limited is interested.

(3)      Calculated on the basis of 459,891,323 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.

18       SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION

Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, the Directors were not aware of any other person (not being a Director or
chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which would
fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO,
or which were required, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.


SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
On October 30, 2024, the Company adopted the Share Award Scheme, under which both RSUs and Options may be
granted. The terms of the Share Award Scheme are governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The purpose of the Share Award Scheme is to attract skilled and experienced personnel and service providers, to
incentivise them to remain with or to continue to provide their services to the Group and to motivate them to strive for
and to contribute to the future development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the opportunity to acquire
Shares and therefore aligning their interests with the Group.

During the Reporting Period, a total of 3,869,000 RSUs were granted to the employees of the Group and 3,840,000 RSUs
were granted to Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive under the Share Award Scheme. The closing price of the Shares immediately before
the date of grant was HK$2.77 per share. There are no additional performance targets attached to the RSUs granted. During
the Reporting Period, no Options were granted pursuant to the Share Award Scheme.

The estimated fair value of the RSUs to the employees of the Group as at the date of grant on April 30, 2026 was HK$2.73
per share.

The grant of 3,840,000 RSUs to Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive was subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company at the
annual general meeting held on June 30, 2026. Accordingly, the estimated fair value of the RSUs granted to Ms. Tai Ho Yan
Olive as at the date of shareholders’ approval of the grant on June 30, 2026 was HK$1.37 per share. Such fair value was
estimated by reference to the closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange
immediately before the date of approval, taking into account all non-vesting conditions associated with the grants. No
other features of the awards granted were incorporated into the measurement of fair value.

Details of the Options granted pursuant to the Share Award Scheme as at June 30, 2026 are as follows:

                                                                  Number            Number         Number           Number                             Number
                                                               of Options        of Options     of Options       of Options           Number        of Options
                                     Date of grant           outstanding            granted      exercised        cancelled        of Options      outstanding
                                     of Options                      as at           during         during           during     lapsed during             as at
     Grantee and position            (Notes 1 and 2)      January 1, 2026        the period     the period       the period        the period    June 30, 2026


     Other employees                 June 5, 2025                 556,600                —              —                —                 —            556,600

Notes:


1.        The Options granted shall vest in three tranches in accordance with the schedule as set out below, and shall be exercisable within five years from the
          date of vesting:


          •      35% shall vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant;


          •      35% shall vest on the second anniversary of the date of grant; and


          •      30% shall vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant.


2.        The exercise price of the Options granted is HK$14.36 per Share.



                                                                                                             SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026      19
OTHER INFORMATION

Details of the RSUs granted pursuant to the Share Award Scheme as at June 30, 2026 are as follows:

                                                                  Number                             Number         Number                              Number
                                                                  of RSUs           Number            of RSUs        of RSUs          Number            of RSUs
                                                              outstanding            of RSUs    vested during      cancelled           of RSUs      outstanding
                                   Date of grant of                   as at   granted during       the period         during     lapsed during             as at
     Grantee and position          RSUs                    January 1, 2026        the period         (Note 9)     the period        the period    June 30, 2026


 Directors, chief executive or
   substantial shareholders, or
   their respective associates
 Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement
   (Note 4)                     June 5, 2025 (Note 1)             1,907,520                —        (1,907,520)           —                 —                 —
 Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive (Note 5)  June 5, 2025 (Note 1)               914,260                —          (914,260)           —                 —                 —
                                April 30, 2026 (Note 2)                  —          3,840,000       (1,920,000)           —                 —          1,920,000
 Ms. Lee Yue Zanetta (Note 6)   June 5, 2025 (Note 1)             1,524,212                —        (1,524,212)           —                 —                 —
                                November 28, 2025
 Mr. Selva Bryan Ratnam         (Note 7)                             80,000               —                 —             —                 —             80,000
                                November 28, 2025
 Mr. Andrew Chow Heng Cheong (Note 7)                                80,000               —                 —             —                 —             80,000
                                November 28, 2025
 Mr. Siek Wei Ting              (Note 7)                             80,000               —                 —             —                 —             80,000
 Employee participants
 Other employees                April 30, 2026 (Notes 3)                 —          3,869,000       (1,934,500)           —                 —          1,934,500
 Total                                                            4,585,992         7,709,000       (8,200,492)           —                 —          4,094,500

Notes:

1.        The RSUs shall vest as follows:

          •      50% shall vest on the date of the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 27, 2025; and

          •      50% shall vest on the date falling 12 months from the date of grant.

          For the first 50% of the Shares were allotted and issued on July 4, 2025. The remaining 50% of the Shares were allotted and issued on July 3, 2026.

          The purchase price of the RSUs granted is nil.

2.        The RSUs shall vest as follows:

          •      50% shall vest on the date of the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 30, 2026; and

          •      50% shall vest on the date falling 12 months from the date of annual general meeting of the Company held on June 30, 2026.

          For the first 50%, 1,920,000 Shares were allotted and issued to Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive on July 3, 2026.

          The purchase price of the RSUs granted is nil.

3.        The RSUs shall vest as follows:

          •      50% shall vest on April 30, 2026, being the date of grant; and

          •      50% shall vest on the date falling 12 months from the date of grant.

          For the first 50%, 1,690,081 Shares were allotted and issued to the relevant grantees on April 30, 2026 and 240,755 Shares were allotted and issued to
          the relevant grantees and 3,664 RSUs were lapsed subsequent to the end of the Reporting Period.

          The purchase price of the RSUs granted is nil.


20        SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION

4.   Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement has retired as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board with effect from July 6, 2026. He is a substantial
     shareholder of the Company as at the date of this report.


5.   Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive is an executive Director and the chairman of the Board.


6.   Ms. Lee Yue Zanetta is the Head of Corporate Development of the Group. She is the sister of Mr. Clement Lee, hence an associate of Mr. Clement Lee.


7.   Subject to the fulfilment of the vesting conditions imposed by the Board on the RSUs, the RSUs shall vest after 12 months from the date of grant. The
     purchase price of the RSUs granted is nil.


8.   All of the grants made during the six months ended June 30, 2026 were made without any performance targets.


9.   The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the RSUs were vested was HK$2.10.


The aggregate number of Options and RSUs available for grant as at January 1, 2026 and June 30, 2026 under the scheme
mandate limit and the service provider sublimit is as follows:

                                                                                                        January 1, 2026             June 30, 2026


Scheme mandate limit                                                                                            33,927,065                26,218,065
Service provider sublimit (within the scheme mandate limit)                                                     17,366,260                17,366,260


The number of new Shares that may be issued in respect of the Options and RSUs granted under the Share Award Scheme
during the six months ended June 30, 2026 was 7,709,000. Therefore, the number of Shares that may be issued in respect
of options and awards granted under all schemes of the Company during the six months ended June 30, 2026 divided by
the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the six months ended June 30, 2026 (being
458,770,827 shares) is 1.68%.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Save for the redemption of the Convertible Bonds (which were listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange) by the Company on
February 3, 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period. As of June 30, 2026, the Company did not
hold any treasury shares.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the distribution of any interim dividend for the Reporting Period. (six months ended June
30, 2025: Nil)


CHANGES TO THE DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement retired as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board, Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive was
appointed as the chairman of the Board, and Mr. Wu Chi Ho John was appointed as an executive Director, each with effect
from July 6, 2026. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated July 6, 2026.

Save as disclosed above, no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules
subsequent to the publication date of the annual report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to
the date of this report.




                                                                                                       SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026      21
OTHER INFORMATION


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
After deducting commissions and expenses payable in connection with the De-SPAC Transaction, the Top-up Placing and
the Convertible Bonds, the net proceeds which the Company received from the De-SPAC Transaction, the Top-up Placing
and the Convertible Bonds are approximately S$129.8 million. The following table sets forth details of the net proceeds as
at the date of this report:

                                                                                                               Unutilized
                                                                                                            net proceeds                          Expected
                                                                                                              during the                       timeline for
                                                             Amount of                                       period from                      utilizing the
                                                           net proceeds     Percentage Unutilized net          January 1, Unutilized net         remaining
                                                            for planned     of total net Proceeds as of          2026 to Proceeds as of     balance of net
 Use of proceeds                                            applications      proceeds January 1, 2026     June 30, 2026 June 30, 2026            proceeds


                                                                 (S$’000)                       (S$’000)         (S$’000)        (S$’000)

 De-SPAC Transaction
 Continuously expand our brand partner network and
    develop new commerce channel                                  19,456           30%               —                —               —                n/a
 Growth through mergers and acquisitions, joint
    ventures, and strategic investments and alliance              18,521           28%           10,879            1,286           9,593           By 2027
 Repayment of Loan                                                12,700           19%              324              215             109           By 2026
 Invest in and continue to adopt advanced technology
    and AI                                                         8,366           13%            3,167            3,004             163           By 2026
 Working capital and general corporate purposes                    6,560           10%               —                —               —                n/a


 Total                                                            65,603          100%           14,370            4,505           9,865


                                                               (HK$’000)                       (HK$’000)        (HK$’000)       (HK$’000)

 Top-up Placing
 For the acceleration of business expansion                       32,605           29%           31,357           31,357              —            By 2027
 For mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and
   strategic investments and alliance, in particular
   in targets or projects that are focused on artificial
   intelligence, big data and technology industries               62,960           56%           62,960            1,329          61,631           By 2027
 For other general corporate purposes                             16,865           15%            8,006            8,006              —            By 2026


 Total                                                           112,430          100%          102,323           40,692          61,631


                                                               (US$’000)                       (US$’000)        (US$’000)       (US$’000)

 Convertible Bonds(1)
 Investment in gold, gold-backed and/or
    gold-related products                                         35,000          100%           35,000               —               —                n/a


 Total                                                            35,000          100%           35,000               —               —




22       SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION

Note:


(1)     The Convertible Bonds had been redeemed on February 3, 2026.


The above expected time frame of unutilized amount is based on the Directors’ best estimation barring unforeseen
circumstances, and would be subject to change based on our evolving business needs and changing market conditions.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
After the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, a total of 6,731,747 shares were allotted to the grantees under
the share award scheme of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, no material event has taken place subsequent to June 30, 2026 and up to the date of this report
that requires disclosure or adjustment in the Group’s interim condensed consolidated financial information.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and the Code Provisions set out in the CG
Code as amended from time to time contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, the
Company has complied with the Code Provisions as set out in the CG Code.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTION
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
as contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions.
All Directors confirmed, following specific enquiry made by the Company, that they had complied with the guidelines
contained in the Model Code during the Reporting Period.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
The Company does not have any disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules. All
references above to other sections, reports or notes in this report form part of this report.


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements
of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, that may cause the actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should not
rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


APPRECIATION
The Board would like to express its sincere gratitude to the holders of our securities, management team, employees,
business partners and customers for their support and contribution to the Group.

                                                                                                       By order of the Board
                                                                                                      SYNAGISTICS LIMITED
                                                                                                        TAI Ho Yan Olive
                                                                                                       Chairman of the Board

Hong Kong, August 28, 2026




                                                                                    SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   23
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June,
                                                                                     2026             2025
                                                                 NOTES             S$’000           S$’000
                                                                               Unaudited         Unaudited


Revenue                                                            3              39,809            35,682
Cost of sales                                                                    (29,912)          (26,294)


Gross profit                                                                       9,897             9,388
Other income and other gain and loss                                                (494)            1,251
Changes in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value
  through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                13                525             31,634
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                                  (645)               —
Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model,
  net of reversal                                                                   (292)              (13)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                 (4,108)           (4,120)
General and administrative expenses                                              (21,859)          (66,868)
Finance costs                                                                       (536)              (80)


Loss before income tax                                             5             (17,512)          (28,808)
Income tax credit/(expenses)                                       6                   1               (39)


Loss for the period                                                              (17,511)          (28,847)

Other comprehensive income for the period:
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                             99             3,756


Other comprehensive income for the period                                             99             3,756


Total comprehensive expense for the period                                       (17,412)          (25,091)


Loss for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                            (17,511)          (28,847)
Non-controlling interests*                                                            —                 —


                                                                                 (17,511)          (28,847)


Total comprehensive expense attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                            (17,412)          (25,091)
Non-controlling interests*                                                            —                 —


                                                                                 (17,412)          (25,091)


Loss per share (Singapore cents)
— Basic                                                            8               (3.82)            (6.49)


— Diluted                                                                           N/A               N/A

*   denotes less than S$1,000


24     SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                        INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                  FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                   At June 30, 2026


                                                             At 30 June          At 31 December
                                                                   2026                     2025
                                              NOTES              S$’000                   S$’000
                                                             Unaudited                   Audited

Non-current assets
Plant and equipment                                                   144                       82
Right-of-use assets                                                   516                      729
Intangible assets                               9                   5,217                    4,728
Goodwill                                                           21,706                   21,706
Financial assets at FVTPL                                           5,688                    6,297
Other receivables                              10                     469                      695

                                                                   33,740                   34,237

Current assets
Inventories                                                            —                       258
Trade and other receivables                    10                  20,389                   22,365
Contract assets                                11                   4,240                    4,404
Cash and cash equivalents                                          22,290                   76,202

                                                                   46,919                  103,229

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                       12                  14,731                   18,018
Lease liabilities                                                     398                      498
Convertible loan note                          13                      —                    42,122
Bank and other borrowings                                             109                      324
Income tax payable                                                     10                       10
Financial liabilities at FVTPL                 14                     220                      751

                                                                   15,468                   61,723

Net current assets                                                 31,451                   41,506

Total assets less current liabilities                              65,191                   75,743

Non-current liability
Lease liabilities                                                      135                        245

                                                                       135                        245

Net assets                                                         65,056                   75,498

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                  15                       7                        7
Reserves                                                           65,068                   75,510

Equity attributable to owners of Company                           65,075                   75,517
Non-controlling interests                                             (19)                     (19)

Total equity                                                       65,056                   75,498


                                                      SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026    25
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


                                                              Attributable to owners of the Group
                                                                                         Convertible
                                                                        Share-based        loan note                                              Non-
                                      Share       Share     Translation    payment            equity      Other Accumulated                 controlling
                                     capital   premium         reserve      reserve          reserve    reserve      losses     Subtotal      interests     Total
                                     S$’000      S$’000         S$’000       S$’000           S$’000     S$’000      S$’000      S$’000         S$’000     S$’000


At January 1, 2025 (Audited)             7      804,590            302         13,590               —   (525,174)   (313,948)    (20,633)           (19)   (20,652)
Loss for the year                        —           —              —              —                —         —      (51,490)    (51,490)            —     (51,490)
Exchange differences on
  translation of foreign
  operations                             —            —          2,741             —                —         —           —        2,741             —      2,741
Retirement benefits gain                 —            —             —              —                —         60          —           60             —         60


Total comprehensive income
  (expense) for the year                 —            —          2,741             —                —         60     (51,490)    (48,689)            —     (48,689)

Exercise of public warrants              —           96             —              —                —         —           —           96             —          96
Exercise of promoter earn-out
   rights                                —       35,520             —              —                —         —           —       35,520             —     35,520
Recognition of share-based
   payments                              —           —              —          88,901               —         —           —       88,901             —     88,901
Vesting of restricted shares award       —       14,542             —         (14,542)              —         —           —           —              —         —
New ordinary shares issue by way
   of placing (note 15)                  —       24,003             —              —                —         —           —       24,003             —     24,003
Transaction costs directly
   attributable to issue of
   new shares                            —        (5,517)           —              —              —           —           —       (5,517)            —      (5,517)
Issue of convertible loan notes          —            —             —              —           1,914          —           —        1,914             —       1,914
Transaction costs attributable to
   issue of convertible loan notes       —            —             —              —             (78)         —           —          (78)            —         (78)


At December 31, 2025
  (Audited)                               7     873,234          3,043         87,949          1,836    (525,114)   (365,438)     75,517            (19)   75,498


Loss for the period                      —            —             —              —                —         —      (17,511)    (17,511)            —     (17,511)
Exchange differences on
  translation of foreign
  operations                             —            —             99             —                —         —           —           99             —          99


Total comprehensive income
  (expense) for the period               —            —             99             —                —         —      (17,511)    (17,412)            —     (17,412)
Recognition of share-based
  payments                               —           —              —           8,806               —         —           —        8,806             —      8,806
Vesting of restricted shares award       —          752             —            (752)              —         —           —           —              —         —
Redemption of convertible
  loan notes                             —            —             —              —          (1,836)         —           —       (1,836)            —      (1,836)


At June 30, 2026 (Unaudited)              7     873,986          3,142         96,003               —   (525,114)   (382,949)     65,075            (19)   65,056

*   denotes less than S$1,000




26       SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                       INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                        CASH FLOWS
                                                               For the six months ended June 30, 2026


                                                             For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                         2026             2025
                                                                       S$’000           S$’000
                                                                   Unaudited         Unaudited


OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Loss before income tax                                                   (17,512)                 (28,808)
Adjustments for:
  Amortization of intangible assets                                          716                      549
  Depreciation of plant and equipment                                         37                       88
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                        268                      417
  Impairment loss under ECL model, net of reversal                           292                       13
  (Reversal) Write-down of inventories, net of reversal                      (34)                      17
  Fair value gain on convertible loan note                                    —                        —
  Change in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL                    (525)                 (31,634)
  Change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                          645                       —
  Finance costs                                                              536                       80
  Bank interest income                                                      (448)                    (438)
  Share-based payments expense                                             8,806                   54,878
  Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities                             941                       —


  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                (6,278)                   (4,838)
  Decrease (increase) in inventories                                         292                       (75)
  Decrease in trade and other receivables                                  1,912                     3,070
  Decrease in contract assets                                                164                       244
  Decrease in trade and other payables                                    (3,286)                   (8,742)


  Cash used in operations                                                 (7,196)                 (10,341)
  Income tax paid                                                             —                        —


Net cash used in operating activities                                     (7,196)                 (10,341)


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of intangible assets                                             (1,206)                   (1,124)
Interest received                                                            448                       438


Net cash used in investing activities                                        (758)                       (686)




                                                             SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026     27
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


                                                       For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                 S$’000           S$’000
                                                             Unaudited         Unaudited


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                            (215)           (4,458)
Repayment of convertible loan notes                            (44,508)               —
Repayment of lease liabilities                                    (210)             (430)
Interest paid                                                     (536)              (80)


Net cash used in financing activities                          (45,469)           (4,968)


NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                      (53,423)          (15,995)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD            76,202            47,909

EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                           (489)           (3,738)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE PERIOD                  22,290            28,176




28   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2026


1. GENERAL INFORMATION
   Synagistics Limited was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and its shares are listed on The Stock
   Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The address of the registered office and principal place of
   business in Hong Kong of the Company is PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands and
   46F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, respectively.

   During the Reporting Period, the Company’s subsidiaries are principally engaged in the sale of products via omni-
   channels and digital solutions services.


1A. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS
   The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2026 has been
   prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards
   Board (“IASB”). The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information and
   disclosures required in the annual financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual
   consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

   The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the interim condensed consolidated financial
   information, a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for
   the foreseeable future. Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the
   interim condensed consolidated financial information.


2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
   Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current
   year
   The Group has consistently applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards, International Accounting
   Standards (“IASs”), and interpretations issued by the IASB which are effective for the accounting periods beginning
   on January 1, 2026.

   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                           Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                              Financial Instruments
   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                           Contract Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
   Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                   Annual Improvement to IFRS Accounting Standards
                                                              — Volume 11

   The application of the amendments to IFRSs Accounting Standards in the current Reporting Period has had no
   material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the
   disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                 SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   29
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
   (Continued)
     New and amendments to IFRSs Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have been
     issued but not yet effective.

     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                                Associate or Joint Venture1
     IFRS 18                                                                  Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements2
     Amendments to IAS 21                                                     Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency2

     1     Effective for the annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     2     Effective for the annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027


     Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the
     application of all amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated
     financial statements in the foreseeable future.


     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and
     disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”. This new IFRS
     Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements
     to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on
     management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
     disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have
     been moved to IAS 8 and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7 “Statement of Cash Flows” and IAS 33 “Earnings per
     Share” are also made.

     IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1,
     2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation
     of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process of
     assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




30   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the six months ended June 30, 2026


3. REVENUE
                                                                             For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                         2026             2025
                                                                                       S$’000           S$’000


  Types of goods or services
  D2C — Sale of products via omni-channels                                                25,917                   23,160
  D2B — Digital solutions services                                                        13,892                   12,522


  Total                                                                                   39,809                   35,682


  Geographical markets
  Singapore                                                                               13,847                   12,516
  The Philippines                                                                          3,791                    3,207
  Indonesia                                                                                6,419                    5,179
  Vietnam                                                                                 11,591                   10,751
  Malaysia                                                                                 2,685                    2,134
  Hong Kong                                                                                  584                      487
  Others                                                                                     892                    1,408


  Total                                                                                   39,809                   35,682


  Timing of revenue recognition
  At a point in time                                                                      25,917                   23,160
  Over time                                                                               13,892                   12,522


  Total                                                                                   39,809                   35,682


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION
  Information reported to the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Group, being the chief operating decision maker
  (“CODM”) for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods
  delivered, or service provided. The CODM has chosen to organise the Group’s results according to the category of
  the business segment and differences in nature of the goods and services that each segment delivers. No operating
  segments identified by CODM have been aggregated in arriving at the reportable segments of the Group.

  Specifically, the Group’s reportable and operating segments under IFRS 8 Operating Segments are as follows:

  (i)    D2C — Sale of products via omni-channels

  (ii)   D2B — Digital solutions services




                                                                             SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   31
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment results represent the profit earned by each segment without allocation of finance costs, share-based
     payment expense, De-SPAC Transaction expense, changes in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL, changes in fair
     value of financial assets at FVTPL, central administrative costs including directors’ emoluments, legal and professional
     fees and other operating expenses, and unallocated expenses that are not directly attributable to respective
     segments as disclosed in the below table. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource
     allocation and performance assessment.

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments:

                                                                                    For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                              S$’000           S$’000
                                                                                          Unaudited         Unaudited


     Segment revenue
       D2C                                                                                     25,917               23,160
       D2B                                                                                     13,892               12,522


                                                                                               39,809               35,682


     Segment results
       D2C                                                                                      1,315                 1,060
       D2B                                                                                      8,582                 8,328
       Unallocated corporate income                                                               502                   530
       Unallocated corporate expenses                                                         (27,911)              (38,726)


     Loss before income tax                                                                   (17,512)              (28,808)


     The CODM makes decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment asset and
     segment liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the purposes of resources
     allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment results are presented.




32   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the six months ended June 30, 2026


4. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
   Geographical information
   Analysis of the Group’s revenue from external customers by geographic location, determine based on the location
   of customers as set out in note 3. An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets (including the Group’s plant and
   equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets) by geographical location of the assets are detailed below:

                                                                                          As at June 30,
                                                                                           2026               2025
                                                                                         S$’000             S$’000
                                                                                      Unaudited          Unaudited


   Non-current assets:
    Singapore                                                                               5,510                    5,169
    The Philippines                                                                            74                       68
    Indonesia                                                                                  19                        6
    Vietnam                                                                                   131                      185
    Malaysia                                                                                  140                      106
    Others                                                                                      3                        5


                                                                                            5,877                    5,539


   Information about major customers
   No single customer has accounted for 10% or more of the total revenue of the Group during the Reporting Period and
   for the six months ended June 30, 2025.




                                                                              SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   33
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


5. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX
                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026             2025
                                                                                            S$’000           S$’000
                                                                                        Unaudited         Unaudited


     Loss before income tax has been arrived at after charging:
     Employee benefit expense (including directors’ remuneration)
       — Salaries, allowances and other benefits                                              5,706                5,900
       — Retirement benefit expenses                                                            584                  635
       — Share-based payment expenses                                                         8,806               14,541


     Total staff costs                                                                      15,096                21,076


     Other share-based payment expenses                                                         —                 40,337
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                    372                   295
     Cost of inventories recognized as an expense                                           21,714                20,105
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                         716                   549
     Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                        37                    88
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                       268                   417
     Write-down of inventories, net of reversal                                                (34)                   17
     Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities                                            941                    —


6. INCOME TAX (CREDIT)/EXPENSE
                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026             2025
                                                                                            S$’000           S$’000
                                                                                        Unaudited         Unaudited


     Current tax:
     — Corporate Income Tax                                                                       —                   39


                                                                                                  —                   39
     Deferred tax                                                                                 (1)                 —


                                                                                                  (1)                 39


     During the period, subsidiaries are subject to the domestic statutory corporate tax rate ranging from 17% to 25% (six
     months ended June 30, 2025: 17% to 25%).


7. DIVIDEND
     No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Group during the six months ended June 30, 2026,
     nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of the Reporting Period (six months ended June 30, 2025: nil).




34   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the six months ended June 30, 2026


8. LOSS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
   following data:

                                                                                For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2026             2025
                                                                                          S$’000           S$’000
                                                                                      Unaudited         Unaudited


   Loss for the period attributable to owners of the Company
     for the purpose of basic and diluted loss per share                                    (17,511)                 (28,847)


   Number of shares
   Number of ordinary shares and preference shares
     for the purpose of basic and diluted loss per share                                   458,771                   444,604


   The computation of diluted loss per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s outstanding share options
   and conversion of convertible loan note and financial liabilities measured at FVTPL since their assumed exercise and
   conversion would result in a decrease in loss per share.


9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                      At June 30,         At December 31,
                                                                                             2026                    2025
                                                                                           S$’000                  S$’000
                                                                                       Unaudited                  Audited


   Software development — in-progress                                                           610                      136
   Software                                                                                   8,573                    7,842
   Customer relationship                                                                     13,140                   13,140


   Total                                                                                     22,323                   21,118


   Accumulated amortisation                                                                 (17,106)                 (16,390)


   Intangible assets, net                                                                     5,217                    4,728


   The above items of intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over the useful lives, taking into account
   the residual value:

   Software                                                                                                            5 years
   Customer relationship                                                                                               5 years

   Software development-in-progress will not be amortised until they are available for use. Instead, they will be tested
   for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

   Amortisation expenses for intangible assets were S$716,000 and S$549,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2026
   and 2025, respectively.



                                                                                SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   35
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                         At June 30,     At December 31,
                                                                                                2026                2025
                                                                                              S$’000              S$’000
                                                                                          Unaudited              Audited


     Trade receivables                                                                        17,015                16,142
     Less: allowance for credit losses                                                        (2,443)               (2,462)


                                                                                              14,572                13,680
     Other tax receivables                                                                     2,599                 2,616
     Deposits                                                                                    238                   304
     Other receivables                                                                            58                   271
     Prepayments                                                                               3,391                 6,189


                                                                                              20,858                23,060


     Analysis for reporting purpose:
      Current assets                                                                          20,389                22,365
      Non-current assets                                                                         469                   695


                                                                                              20,858                23,060


     The Group generally grants credit terms ranging from 30 to 60 days to its corporate customers from the date of
     invoices. The following is an aging analysis of the trade receivables of the Group, net of allowance for credit losses,
     presented based on the invoice dates which approximates the respective revenue recognition date:

                                                                                         At June 30,     At December 31,
                                                                                                2026                2025
                                                                                              S$’000              S$’000
                                                                                          Unaudited              Audited


     0–60 days                                                                                 7,410                 6,726
     61–90 days                                                                                  695                   933
     Over 90 days                                                                              6,467                 6,021


                                                                                              14,572                13,680




36   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the six months ended June 30, 2026


11. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                                     At June 30,         At December 31,
                                                                                            2026                    2025
                                                                                          S$’000                  S$’000
                                                                                      Unaudited                  Audited


   Service contracts                                                                         4,240                    4,404


   As at January 1, 2025, contract assets amounted to S$2,979,000.

   The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and not billed because
   the rights are conditioned on the Group’s future performance as the Group’s service contracts include payment
   schedules which require stage payments over the service period once certain specified milestones are reached. The
   contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

   The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realize them in its normal
   operating cycle.


12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                     At June 30,         At December 31,
                                                                                            2026                    2025
                                                                                          S$’000                  S$’000
                                                                                      Unaudited                  Audited


   Trade payables (Note)                                                                     5,483                    3,830


   Other payables                                                                            1,114                    2,851
   Accruals                                                                                  5,574                    8,511
   Other tax payables                                                                        2,014                    2,409
   Contract liabilities                                                                        546                      417


                                                                                             9,248                   14,188


                                                                                            14,731                   18,018




                                                                               SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   37
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
     Note:


     The credit period granted by suppliers ranged from 30 to 90 days. The aging analysis of the trade payables of the Group presented based on the invoice
     dates at the end of the Reporting Period is as follows:


                                                                                                                  At June 30,               At December
                                                                                                                         2026                   31, 2025
                                                                                                                       S$’000                     S$’000
                                                                                                                   Unaudited                     Audited


     Within 60 days                                                                                                      4,634                     2,431
     61 to 90 days                                                                                                          29                       234
     Over 90 days                                                                                                          820                     1,165


                                                                                                                         5,483                     3,830



13. CONVERTIBLE LOAN NOTES
     On October 29, 2025, a subsidiary of the Company issued 4.5% convertible loan notes in principal amount of
     US$35,000,000 to an independent third party. The convertible loan notes were denominated in United States dollar
     (“US$”). The holder was entitled to convert the notes into ordinary shares of the Company at any time between the
     date of issue of the notes and the maturity date on November 5, 2026 (“Maturity Date”) at an initial conversion price
     of HK$11.96 per share, which is subject to the adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the convertible
     loan notes including (1) consolidation, subdivision, redesignation or reclassification, (2) capitalisation of profits or
     reserves, (3) distributions, (4) rights issues of Shares or options over shares at less than 95 per cent. of the average
     of the closing prices for one share for the 10 consecutive trading days (“Current Market Price”), (5) rights issues
     of other securities, (6) issues at less than 95 per cent. of the Current Market Price, (7) other issues at less than 95
     per cent. of the Current Market Price, (8) modification of rights of conversion price of securities to less than 95 per
     cent. of the Current Market Price, (9) other offers to shareholders and (10) other dilutive events as set out in the
     Subscription and Placing Agency Agreement dated October 29, 2025.

     The Company has the option to redeem all or some of the convertible loan notes for the time being outstanding
     at their principal amount plus accrued interest at any time prior to the Maturity Date. At the Maturity Date, if the
     convertible loan notes have not been converted or redeemed, the Company will redeem the convertible loan notes at
     their principal amount together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon on the Maturity Date. On February 3, 2026,
     the Company exercised the option and all convertible loan notes had been redeemed.

     For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated October 30, 2025 and February 3, 2026.




38   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the six months ended June 30, 2026


13. CONVERTIBLE LOAN NOTES (Continued)
   At initial recognition, the equity component of the convertible loan notes was separated from the liability component.
   The equity element is presented in equity heading “convertible loan notes equity reserve”. The early redemption
   option is considered as closely related to the host debt. The effective interest rate of the liability component is 13.2%.
   The movement of the liability component of the convertible loan notes for the period is set out below:

                                                                                           At June 30,        At December 31,
                                                                                                  2026                   2025
                                                                                                S$’000                 S$’000
                                                                                            Unaudited                 Audited


   Carrying amount at the beginning of the period                                               42,122                       —
   Net (repayments)/proceeds                                                                   (45,019)                  41,994
   Interest charged                                                                                512                      849
   Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities                                                  941                       —
   Exchange realignment                                                                          1,444                     (721)


   Carrying amount at the end of the period                                                           —                  42,122


14. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL
                                                                                                Promoter
                                                               Public       Promoter             Earn-out
                                                             Warrant          Warrant              Rights
                                                           Liabilities      Liabilities         Liabilities               Total
                                                               S$’000           S$’000              S$’000               S$’000


   At January 1, 2025 (Audited)                                    714           73,332              47,531             121,577
   Changes in fair values                                         (587)         (69,588)             (8,972)            (79,147)
   Exercise of promoter earn-out rights                             —                —              (35,520)            (35,520)
   Exercise of public warrants                                     (96)              —                   —                  (96)
   Exchange realignment                                            (25)          (2,999)             (3,039)             (6,063)


   At December 31, 2025 (Audited)                                    6              745                   —                 751
   Changes in fair values                                           (4)            (521)                  —                (525)
   Exchange realignment                                             —                (6)                  —                  (6)


   At June 30, 2026 (Unaudited)                                      2             218                    —                    220




                                                                                   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026    39
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


14. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL (Continued)
     •     Public Warrants Liabilities
           Each public warrant listed on the Stock Exchange with warrant code 2461 (“Public Warrant”) gives the holder
           the right to subscribe for one share of the Company upon completion of a De-SPAC Transaction at HK$11.50 per
           share when the average closing price of the ordinary shares of the Company for the 10 trading days immediately
           prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the registrar (the “Fair Market Value”) is at
           least HK$11.50 per share provided that if the Fair Market Value is HK$23.00 or higher, the Fair Market Value will
           be deemed to be HK$23.00 for the purpose of calculating the number of Shares to be issued upon exercise of
           any Public Warrant. Such exercise will be conducted on a cashless basis by the holders surrendering the Public
           Warrants for that number of ordinary shares of the Company, subject to adjustment, equal to the product of the
           number of ordinary shares of the Company underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by a quotient equal to the
           excess of the Fair Market Value of an ordinary share of the Company over HK$11.50 divided by the Fair Market
           Value of the ordinary share of the Company.

           The Public Warrants are exercisable 30 days after the completion of the De-SPAC Transaction up to the date
           immediately preceding the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of the De-SPAC Transaction, both days
           inclusive.


     •     Promoter Warrants Liabilities
           Upon listing of HK Acquisition Corporation, the Company issued 31,400,000 promoter warrants (“Promoter
           Warrants”) at an aggregate subscription price of HK$31,400,000. Each Promoter Warrant gives the holder the
           right to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company at HK$11.50 per share. The Promoter Warrants are
           exercisable 12 months after the completion of the De-SPAC Transaction. The contractual life of the Promoter
           Warrants is until October 30, 2029.

           Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, each Promoter Warrant would be re-designated as one
           promoter warrant of the Company (“Successor Promoter Warrants”). For the Successor Promoter Warrants
           issued, those warrant holders will not be serving as employees of the Group nor will they provide services to
           the Group after the De-SPAC Transaction. Therefore, the Promoter Warrants were assumed by the Company
           and the Successor Promoter Warrants are regarded as part of the De-SPAC Transactions and IFRS 9 is applied in
           accounting for them.


     •     Promoter Earn-Out Rights Liabilities
           Pursuant to the Promoter Earn-out and Lock-up Agreement, the Company granted to the Promoters the right to
           receive 10,005,000 Promoter Earn-out Shares.

           The Promoter Earn-out Right is triggered only if the volume weighted average price of the Company (calculated
           based on the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange) equals or exceeds HK$15 per share for a period
           of not less than 20 trading days within a 30 consecutive trading day period commencing six months after, and
           ending on the fifth anniversary of the date of, the completion of the De-SPAC Transaction. No service conditions
           for the Promoters was stipulated. Therefore, the earn-out arrangement is regarded as part of the De-SPAC
           Transaction instead of as post-acquisition remuneration and IFRS 9 is applied in accounting for this agreement.

           On June 13, 2025, the Promoters have irrevocably elected to fully exercise the Promoter Earn-out Right on
           a cashless basis and to subscribe for the Promoter Earn-out Shares of 10,005,000 shares. Such shares were
           allotted and issued by the Company on June 18, 2025.




40   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                    NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2026


14. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL (Continued)
   •   Promoter Earn-Out Rights Liabilities (Continued)
       Presentation and Classification
       The directors of the Company considered that the Public Warrants, Promoter Warrants and Promoter Earn-
       Out Rights are accounted for as financial liabilities measured at FVTPL. The directors of the Company also
       considered that the changes in the fair value of the Public Warrants, Promoter Warrants and Promoter Earn-Out
       Rights attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial liabilities are minimal. Changes in fair value of
       the Public Warrants, Promoter Warrants and Promoter Earn-Out Rights not attributable to the change in credit
       risk of the financial liabilities are charged to profit or loss and presented as “changes in fair value of financial
       liabilities at FVTPL”.

       The directors of the Company arrived the fair value of the Public Warrants and Promoter Warrants using
       binomial model as at Closing Date. Other key valuation assumptions used to determine the fair value of Public
       Warrants and Promoter Warrants are as follows:


       Public Warrants Liabilities
                                                                                 At December 31,                 At June 30,
                                                                                            2025                       2026
                                                                                        (Audited)               (Unaudited)


       Time to maturity                                                                    3.83 years               3.33 years
       Risk-free interest                                                                      2.52%                    2.91%
       Expected volatility value                                                              63.11%                   59.57%
       Expected dividend yield                                                                    0%                       0%


       Promoter Warrants Liabilities
                                                                                 At December 31,                 At June 30,
                                                                                            2025                       2026
                                                                                        (Audited)               (Unaudited)


       Time to maturity                                                                    3.83 years               3.33 years
       Risk-free interest                                                                      2.52%                    2.91%
       Expected volatility value                                                              63.11%                   59.57%
       Expected dividend yield                                                                    0%                       0%




                                                                                  SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   41
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


15. SHARE CAPITAL
     Authorized:
                                                                      Ordinary      Preference
                                                                        shares          shares       Total
                                                                          ’000            ’000        ’000


     Number of shares
     At January 1, 2025 (Audited), December 31, 2025
       (Audited) and June 30, 2026 (Unaudited)                        1,100,000             —     1,100,000


                                                                        S$’000         S$’000       S$’000


     Amount of share capital
     At January 1, 2025 (Audited), December 31, 2025
       (Audited) and June 30, 2026 (Unaudited)                                  7           —            7


     Issued and fully paid:
     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                                    shares
                                                                                                      ’000


     At January 1, 2025 at HK$0.0001 each (Audited)                                                 434,582

     Issue of new ordinary shares by way of placing (Note (a))                                        9,240
     Exercise of public warrants                                                                         28
     Exercise of promoter earn-out rights                                                            10,005
     Vesting and allotment of shares under restricted share awards                                    4,346


     At December 31, 2025 and January 1, 2026 at HK$0.0001 each (Audited)                           458,201
     Vesting and allotment of shares under restricted share awards (Note (b))                         1,690


     At June 30, 2026 at HK$0.0001 each (Unaudited)                                                 459,891


     Shown in the consolidated financial statements as:

                                                                                                   Amount
                                                                                                    S$’000


     At June 30, 2026 (Unaudited)                                                                        7


     At December 31, 2025 (Audited)                                                                      7




42   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                             NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          For the six months ended June 30, 2026


15. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
   Issued and fully paid: (Continued)
   Ordinary shares (Continued)
   Notes:


   a.       On July 2, 2025, the Company completed the placing of new ordinary shares to independent investors of 9,239,500 ordinary shares of HK$0.001
            each of the Company at a price of HK$15.80 per ordinary share The new shares rank pari passu with the existing shares in all respects.


   b.       During the period ended June 30, 2026, a total of 8,200,492 RSUs vested, of which 1,690,081 Shares were allotted and issued during the period.
            Of the remaining vested RSUs, 3,664 RSUs lapsed, while the remaining shares underlying the vested RSUs were allotted and issued subsequent
            to the end of the Reporting Period.


16. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT EXPENSES
   Share Award Scheme of the Company
   Share option of the Company
   On 30 October 2024, the Company adopted the share award scheme (the “Scheme”), under which both restricted
   share units and share options may be granted. The purpose of the Scheme is to attract skilled and experienced
   personnel and service providers, to incentivise them to remain with or to continue to provide their services to the
   Group and to motivate them to strive for and to contribute to the future development and expansion of the Group by
   providing them with the opportunity to acquire shares and therefore aligning their interests with the Group.

   The maximum number of shares in respect of which options and awards may be issued under the Scheme and any
   other share schemes of our Company must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of shares in issue
   (excluding treasury shares) on the 30 October 2024, being 43,415,650 shares. Within the scheme mandate limit,
   the total number of new shares which may be allotted and issued under the share award scheme and other share
   schemes of the Company to service providers must not in aggregate exceed 4% of the total number of shares in issue
   (excluding treasury shares) on 30 October 2024, being 17,366,260 Shares.

   In any 12-month period, the maximum number of new shares allotted and issued (and to be allotted and issued) upon:
   (i) the vesting of all awards granted under the share award scheme; and (ii) the vesting or exercise of all share grants
   made under any other share schemes of the Company, (excluding any awards and share grants which have lapsed
   or have been encashed) to any individual participant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury
   shares).

   On June 5, 2025, the Company granted 556,600 share options to employees under the Scheme. The options vest in 3
   tranches, with 35% vesting on June 5, 2026, 35% on June 5, 2027, and 30% on June 5, 2028, and are exercisable for 5
   years from the date of vesting.




                                                                                                       SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026      43
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


16. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT EXPENSES (Continued)
     Share Award Scheme of the Company (Continued)
     Share option of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                           Number of share options (’000)
                                                                                     At         Granted       Forfeited            At
                                                                   Exercise   January 1,          during         during      June 30,
      Options                     Date of grant   Vesting year        price        2026       the period     the period         2026
                                                                       HK$      Audited                                     Unaudited


      Employees
      Tranche 2025–1              June 5, 2025    2026 to 2028        14.36         556               —              —            556


      Exercisable at the end of
        the Reporting Period                                                          —                                            —


      Weighted average
       exercise price                                                          HK$14.36              N/A            N/A      HK$14.36


     The fair values for options granted were calculated using the Binomial option pricing model. The inputs into the model
     are as follows:

                                                                                                                     June 5, 2025


     Share price of the Company                                                                                          HK$30.09
     Exercised price                                                                                                     HK$14.36
     Expected volatility value                                                                                     62.2% to 63.6%
     Expected life                                                                                                    6 to 8 years
     Risk-free interest                                                                                            2.40% to 2.90%
     Expected dividend yield                                                                                                   0%


     Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historical volatility of the share price of the comparable entities
     over the most recent period that is commensurate with the expected life of the option. The expected life used in
     the model has been adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise
     restrictions and behavioral considerations.

     During the period ended June 30, 2026, the Group recognised a total expense of S$282,000 in relation to share
     options granted by the Company (six months ended June 30, 2025: Nil).


     Restricted share units award of the Company
     On June 5, 2025, the Company granted 8,691,985 restricted share units (“RSUs”) in respect of an aggregate of
     8,691,985 ordinary shares of the Company to certain directors and an employee of the Company. The closing price of
     the shares of the Company immediately before the grant of the awarded shares was HK$14.34 (equivalent to S$2.35)
     per share. The RSUs will be vested in two tranches, with 50% vested immediately upon shareholders’ approval at the
     annual general meeting and 50% vested on first anniversary of the grant date which are subject to service condition.




44   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the six months ended June 30, 2026


16. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT EXPENSES (Continued)
   Restricted share units award of the Company (Continued)
   On November 28, 2025, the Company granted 240,000 RSUs in respect of an aggregate of 240,000 ordinary shares of
   the Company to certain directors. The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately before the grant of
   the awarded shares was HK$4.32 (equivalent to S$0.73) per share. The RSUs will be vested on first anniversary of the
   grant date which are subject to service condition.

   On April 30, 2026, the Company granted 3,869,000 RSUs in respect of an aggregate of 3,869,000 ordinary shares of
   the Company to the employees of the Company and 3,840,000 RSUs in respect of an aggregate of 3,840,000 ordinary
   shares of the Company to the director of the Company. The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately
   before the grant of the awarded shares was HK$2.77 (equivalent to S$0.45) per share.

   The RSUs granted to employees of the Company will be vested in two tranches, with 50% vested immediately on the
   date of grant and 50% vested on first anniversary of the grant date which are subject to service condition.

   The grant of the RSUs to the director of the Company was subject to shareholders’ approval at the annual general
   meeting. Accordingly, the RSUs will be vested in two tranches, with 50% vesting immediately upon shareholders’
   approval at the annual general meeting and the remaining 50% vesting on the first anniversary of the date of such
   approval which are subject to service condition.

   The following tables disclose movements of the Company’s RSUs held by the directors during the period ended June
   30, 2026:

                                                                                      Number of share awarded (’000)
                                                                                At        Awarded          Vested             At
                                                                         January 1,          during         during      June 30,
                                      Date of grant       Vesting year        2026       the period     the period         2026
                                                                           Audited                                     Unaudited


   Directors
   Tranche 2025–1                     June 5, 2025        2026                2,822              —          (2,822)           —

   Tranche 2025–2                     November 28, 2025   2026                 240               —              —            240

   Tranche 2026–1                     April 30, 2026      2026                   —             1,920        (1,920)            —
                                      April 30, 2026      2027                   —             1,920            —           1,920


                                                                              3,062            3,840        (4,742)         2,160


   Employees
   Tranche 2025–1                     June 5, 2025        2026                1,524              —          (1,524)           —

   Tranche 2026–1                     April 30, 2026      Immediately            —             1,935        (1,935)            —
                                      April 30, 2026      2027                   —             1,934            —           1,934


                                                                              1,524            3,869        (3,459)         1,934


   During the period ended June 30, 2026, the Group recognised a total expense of S$8,524,000 in relation to restricted
   share units award (six months ended June 30, 2025: S$14,541,000).

                                                                                SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026      45
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the six months ended June 30, 2026


16. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT EXPENSES (Continued)
     Founding Shareholders Earn-Out Arrangement
     Pursuant to the Founding Shareholders Earn-out Agreement entered into on June 28, 2024, the Company grants to
     the founding shareholders of Synagistics Pte. Ltd. (“Founder”) the right to Founding Shareholders Earn-out Shares
     representing in aggregate up to 12% of the total number of Shares in issue immediately after Closing of the De-SPAC
     Transaction. The Founding Shareholders Earn-out Right is triggered only if the volume weighted average price of the
     shares of the Company (calculated based on the daily quotation sheets of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) equals or
     exceeds a price representing a: (a) 20% increase; (b) 30% increase; or (c) 50% increase, respectively, of the closing
     price of the shares of the Company on the closing date of the De-SPAC Transaction for any 20 trading days within
     a 30 consecutive trading day period commencing twelve months after, and ending on the fifth anniversary of the
     date of, the completion of the De-SPAC Transaction. A maximum Founding Shareholders Earn-out Shares of equal to
     12.00% of the total Shares at closing date of the De-SPAC Transaction would be issued through the exercise of the
     Founding Shareholders Earn-out Right. The Founding Shareholders Earn-out Right are accounted for as equity-settled
     share-based payment under IFRS 2.

     The total expenses recognized in relation to the Founding Shareholders Earn-out Right during the period ended June
     30, 2026 is Nil (June 30, 2025: S$40,337,000).


17. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
     Saved as the above transactions and balances as disclosed elsewhere in the interim condensed consolidated financial
     statements, the Group has the following related party transactions with subsidiaries of a major shareholder of the
     Company which have significant influence over the Group during the period.

                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026             2025
                                                                                            S$’000           S$’000
                                                                                        Unaudited         Unaudited


     Services expenses                                                                            —                  878
     Warehousing expenses                                                                         —                   50
     Marketing expenses                                                                           —                1,871


     Compensation of key management personnel
     The directors of the Company are identified as key management member of the Group, and their compensation
     during the period ended June 30, 2026 was set out below. The remuneration of key management personnel is
     determined with regards to the performance of individuals and market trends.

                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2026             2025
                                                                                            S$’000           S$’000
                                                                                        Unaudited         Unaudited


     Fees                                                                                       133                  137
     Salaries and other allowances                                                              385                  385
     Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                    16                   14
     Share-based payment expenses                                                             5,059               14,541


     Total                                                                                    5,593               15,077



46   SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                    NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the six months ended June 30, 2026


18. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                      June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                          2026                  2025
                                                                                        S$’000                S$’000


  Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of intangible assets
    contracted for but not provided in the interim condensed consolidated
    financial statements                                                                     512                        452




                                                                            SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026    47
DEFINITIONS

In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following meanings.

“Articles of Association”                         the amended and restated articles of association of the Company in effect

“Board”                                           the board of Director(s) of the Company

“Business Combination Agreement”                  the business combination agreement entered into on June 28, 2024 by the
                                                  Company for the implementation of De-SPAC Transaction, details of which have
                                                  been disclosed in the De-SPAC Circular

“CG Code”                                         the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

“China” or “PRC”                                  the People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this report and for
                                                  geographical reference only and except where the context requires, references
                                                  in this circular to “China” or the “PRC” do not apply to Hong Kong, the Macau
                                                  Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

“Company” or “Synagistics”                        Synagistics Limited, a successor company of HK Acquisition Corporation after
                                                  the De-SPAC Transaction and listed on the Stock Exchange on October 30, 2024

“Completion”                                      completion of the De-SPAC Transaction

“Completion Date” or “Closing Date”               the date on which Completion took place in accordance with the Business
                                                  Combination Agreement, being October 30, 2024

“Convertible Bonds”                               On October 29, 2025, the Company (as guarantor for the issuer) entered into
                                                  a subscription and placing agency agreement (the “Agreement”) with the
                                                  issuer, the placing agent and the subscriber in relation to the subscription by
                                                  the subscriber for the convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of
                                                  US$35,000,000 to be issued by the issuer. On February 3, 2026, the Convertible
                                                  Bonds had been redeemed at the option of the issuer. Details of the above were
                                                  set out in announcements of the Company dated October 30, 2025 and February
                                                  3, 2026

“D2B”                                             direct-to-brands or businesses

“D2C”                                             direct-to-consumers

“De-SPAC Circular”                                the circular of HK Acquisition Corporation (the former name of the Company)
                                                  dated October 3, 2024 in relation to the De-SPAC Transaction

“De-SPAC Transaction”                             the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement,
                                                  resulting in the listing of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
                                                  details of which have been disclosed in the De-SPAC Circular

“Director(s)”                                     the director(s) of the Company

“Founders”                                        Mr. Lee Shieh-Peen Clement, Ms. Tai Ho Yan Olive and Ms. Lee Yue Zanetta




48    SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                     DEFINITIONS


“Founding Shareholders Earn-out Right”   the right granted by the Company to the Founders to require the Company to
                                         issue Shares to the Founders, details of which have been disclosed in the De-
                                         SPAC Circular

“Group”                                  the Company and its subsidiaries

“HK$”                                    Hong Kong dollar, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China

“Listing Rules”                          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                         Kong Limited

“Model Code”                             Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as
                                         contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Option”                                 an option to subscribe for or acquire Shares which is granted pursuant to the
                                         Share Award Scheme

“Promoter Earn-out Right”                the right granted by the Company to the Promoters to require the Company to
                                         issue to or on behalf of the Promoters the Shares, details of which have been
                                         disclosed in the De-SPAC Circular

“Promoter Warrant(s)”                    the warrant(s) of HK Acquisition Corporation owned beneficially and exclusively
                                         by the Promoters and which was re-designated as warrant(s) of the Company
                                         after the De-SPAC Transaction

“Public Warrant(s)”                      the warrant(s) of HK Acquisition Corporation which were issued to subscribers of
                                         the SPAC Shares pursuant to the SPAC Offering and which were re-designated
                                         as warrant(s) of the Company after the De-SPAC Transaction, and which are
                                         listed on the Stock Exchange with warrant code 2461

“Reporting Period”                       the period from January 1, 2026 to June 30, 2026

“RSU”                                    a restricted share unit, being a contingent right to receive Shares pursuant to the
                                         Share Award Scheme

“SFO”                                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                         amended or supplemented from time to time

“Share(s)”                               the share(s) in the share capital of the Company

“Share Award Scheme”                     the share award scheme, under which both RSUs and Options may be granted,
                                         adopted by the Company

“Shareholder(s)”                         holder(s) of the Share(s)

“SPAC Offering”                          the offering of the SPAC Shares and the Public Warrants to professional
                                         investors for subscription



                                                                                  SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026   49
DEFINITIONS


“SPAC Share(s)”                                    the class A ordinary share(s) in the share capital of HK Acquisition Corporation
                                                   with a par value of HK$0.0001 each before the De-SPAC Transaction

“Stock Exchange”                                   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Synagie”                                          Synagistics Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated in
                                                   Singapore with limited liability on July 28, 2020, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                                   Company

“S$”                                               Singapore dollar(s), the lawful currency of Singapore

“Top-up Placing”                                   On June 27, 2025, the Company entered into a placing and subscription
                                                   agreement with Metadrome Ltd. (the “Vendor”) and certain placing agents,
                                                   pursuant to which 9,239,500 existing shares of the Company were placed at
                                                   HK$15.80 per share and the same number of shares of the Company (the “Top-
                                                   up Subscription Shares”) were subsequently subscribed by the Vendor at the
                                                   same price

“Warrantholder(s)”                                 holder(s) of the warrant(s) of the Company




50     SYNAGISTICS LIMITED • INTERIM REPORT 2026
