MERCADOLIBRE 3Q15 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



Date: November 4th, 2015

Part I: Introduction and Disclaimer – Investor Relations

Hello everyone, and welcome to the MercadoLibre earnings conference call for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. I am Martín de los Santos, Senior VP of Finance and head of
Investor Relations for MercadoLibre. Our senior manager presenting today is Pedro Arnt,
Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Osvaldo Giménez, Executive VP of Payments will
be available during today’s Q&A session. This conference call is also being broadcast over
the Internet and is available through the investor relations section of our website. [PAUSE]

I remind you that management may make forward-looking statements relating to such
matters as continued growth prospects for the company, industry trends and product and
technology initiatives. These statements are based on currently available information and
our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. While we
believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the
currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed
in this call, for a variety of reasons, including those described in the forward-looking
statements and risk factors sections of our 10-K and other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which are available on our investor relations website. Finally, I
would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss
some non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable
GAAP measures can be found in our third quarter 2015 earnings press release available on
our investor relations website. [PAUSE]

Now let me turn the call over to Pedro.




                                                                                          1
Part II: Overview & Financial Results - Pedro Arnt


Thanks Martin, good afternoon and welcome to our third quarter conference call for 2015.

As we report our earnings results and exit this third quarter, I would like to kick off the
conference call by saying that we continue to be optimistic about the opportunities that lie
ahead of us. Latin America offers a formidable growth market with solid business
prospects, and multiple factors which make us feel confident about the direction and shape
our business is taking. Complementing these external factors, our own internal strengths:
being a larger company with increasingly diversified revenue streams, with better access to
capital, and an ever more capable team of employees, will serve as powerful advantages in
order to continue to effectively capitalize on and execute the forthcoming growth
opportunities.

We are fortunate to do business in an industry that continues to grow even in adverse
economic scenarios, consequence of a still underpenetrated secular trend in ecommerce.
MercadoLibre is at the epicenter of this trend, a leader and benchmark when it comes to
regional coverage, market share, unique visitors, and brand recognition.

Furthermore, our company has a proven business model functioning as the platform of
choice for the region's growing ecommerce ecosystem. This platform approach serves as a
growth catalyst that continuously generates incremental business opportunities while being
financially sound and profitable. We believe this quarter's results are a testament to all this.

Consequently, the cornerstone of our focus will continue to be centered on the execution of
our platform centered growth strategy and on scaling the business for the long term. We
plan to achieve this by continuing to invest behind innovative and compelling ecommerce
solutions for small and medium sized businesses as well as individual sellers, while also
continuing to expand our relationships with large retail brands. We envision MercadoLibre
as the go to partner in e-commerce solutions for all types of sellers, irrespective of their size
and breath. This is what drives our commitment behind our business lines: marketplaces,
official stores, payments, financing, advertising, storefronts and back end e-commerce
solutions. These are multiple fronts that will require investment, but that are also highly
synergistic amongst themselves and should thus also allow for a methodical and efficient
growth strategy going forward.

Before I delve into greater detail on some of the specific advances made in our main
strategic initiatives across our platform during the quarter, let me walk you through some
key high level operational results that we have delivered:

      Successful items grew 26%, reaching $34.0 million
      Gross merchandise volume rose to 77% in local currencies, reaching $1.84 billion
      Total payment transactions grew 75% to $22.0 million
      Total payment volume grew 95% in local currencies, reaching $1.4 billion and
       representing over 75% of our GMV for the quarter


                                                                                               2
      Registered users were up 20% year on year, reaching 138.4 million, after adding 6.1
       million new users during this quarter.

These operational highlights have led to solid revenue growth in local currencies of 68%
Year over year. Excluding our Venezuelan operations, revenue growth came in at an
equally solid 54% Year over year. Despite currency devaluations, revenues in USD grew
14%. Excluding our Venezuelan operations, revenues in USD grew 15%. These dollar
growth rates are worth noting, since they occur in a general context of strong currency
devaluations across most of our markets. The Brazilian Real has weakened by 36%, the
Argentine peso by 10%, the Mexican peso by 20% and the Venezuelan Bolivar by 75%
since the third quarter of 2014.

[LONG PAUSE]

Now let's take a closer look at the key initiatives and results by business unit, starting with
our marketplace BU.

As I have noted, the business continues to demonstrate its resilience. Units sold, which
exclude the effects of inflation and local currency devaluations grew at a healthy 26% Year
over year on a consolidated level. Successful items growth performed particularly well in
Argentina, growing at 60% Year over year. Brazilian units grew at 20%. With regards to
GMV, during the third quarter we reverted the negative growth trend in USD and grew at
9% Year over year, while in constant currencies, GMV grew 77% for total MELI, and 41%
if we exclude our Venezuelan operations. Brazilian GMV in constant currencies grew at
30% during the quarter. These are strong figures given the overall environment across the
region.

Our continued efforts directed at the expansion of our enhanced marketplace, combined
with our focus on our customer service efforts, have resulted in improved buyer
engagement metrics. Unique buyers as well as repeat buyers continued to show growth
rates across all our markets growing at double digits when compared to the same period of
2014 on a consolidated basis. Additionally, the continuous growth in successful items per
buyer also indicates that we are executing well on our initiatives to stimulate and maintain
demand and vibrancy throughout our marketplaces.

On the pricing front, we have made some strategic adjustments during the third quarter,
which are mainly aimed at: reducing friction in listing products, deepening our SKU count,
continuing to capture long tail customers, providing more vibrancy to our marketplace, and
improving overall customer experience and conversions while growing our GMV.

During this quarter we migrated to a Final Value Fee only model in our Brazilian
marketplace. By eliminating placement fees we now have a much simpler payment
structure of 3 listing combos: a Premium Combo at 16% which includes installment
payments, a Classic Combo at 10% final value fee, and newer free listings. This free
strategy consists of extending free listing durations from 7 to 60 days, while giving these
listings the ability to add our MercadoEnvios shipping services, financing options, and
payment overlays thus offering a substantially better value proposition for buyers and

                                                                                             3
sellers, while at the same time giving us venues to monetize and generate incremental
revenue from these free listings through the offering of these value added services. We are
confident that such pricing changes will entice sellers to publish more listings on our
marketplace as they no longer have to assume the risk of paying fees in advance for
products that might not sell as well. Combined with our free strategy should serve as
powerful igniters to continue deepening our SKU count and creating greater content for
buyers on our platforms. Additionally, and as I will cover shortly, for those sellers that do
wish to replace the placement fees we have discontinued with new formats to highlight
their listings, we have launched ad formats in search results that link back to existing
listings on our marketplace.

We have already seen the positive results of these changes as we continue to see selection
and SKU count expanding at very healthy rates as the number of live listings being offered
on MELI’s Brazilian marketplace grew by 92% Year over year during the quarter.

As our enhanced marketplace is rolled out into other markets, we also plan to roll out this
new pricing structure to these additional markets: Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, and
Venezuela will soon follow.

Continuing on, our official stores initiatives have also impacted positively our marketplace
results, albeit to a lesser degree given that they still represent single digits of our total
GMV. During the third quarter, we added 300 new official stores totaling over 1250 as we
continue to onboard well-known brands into our ecosystem such as: Columbia, Timberland,
Fiat, 3M, and Swatch amongst others.

On the mobile front, our investments behind this initiative continue to pay off very well as
conversion rates, mobile GMV growth, and new mobile registrations continue to deliver
improving and promising results.

[PAUSE]

Moving on to our payments platform, MercadoPago continues to be the prime payment
solution for facilitating transactions within our ecosystem, and shows signs of an improving
value proposition for merchants, as both approval rates continue to increase while merchant
churn rates continue to decline as a consequence of an improved product offering and
innovation that continues to differentiate us from our regional competitors. Our payments
solution has also continued to show rapid growth outside our marketplace, expanding its
footprint through our merchant services business setting record numbers in terms of
countries covered, and payments volume processed.

During the third quarter, we continued to witness compelling growth in Total Payment
Volume as a consequence of all this, despite a general context of strong currency
devaluations and tough comps in 2014 that arose from the launch of our interest free
financing initiative in Brazil. During the third quarter of 2015, Total Payment Volume on
our platform measured in local currencies grew 95%, while in USD Total Payment Volume
on our platform grew at healthy 42%.


                                                                                           4
Another important milestone was reached this quarter as penetration of MercadoPago on
our platform reached the highest GMV ever: 58% vs 46% during the same period of 2014.
These gains have been primarily driven by: implementation of settlement of payments
exclusively through MercadoPago in Mexico for all listings where interest free financing is
offered, improvements in approval rates of MercadoPago across all geographies, and the
continued adoption of our zero cost installment plan in Brazil.

By quarter’s end, 55% of all GMV in Brazil was being done at zero cost credit plans, while
approximately ¾ of all Brazilian GMV had a financing overlay on them, confirming the
importance of credit as a catalyst for consumption in that country. Additionally, adoption of
our payments solution in Chile launched during the 2Q of 2015 has shown very
encouraging advances in penetration on our platform, growing at a very fast clip, albeit
from a very low base due to the fact that full implementation of the solution remains fairly
recent.

Complementing the strength of our on platform MercadoLibre payments performance
during the quarter was our Merchant Service business, which enables MercadoPago
solutions on merchants websites and apps. This continues to be an extremely exciting
prospect for us as we believe the opportunity to capitalize payment volume off our
marketplace is multiple times larger than on our marketplace. We believe that such
initiative will not only serve as an igniter to allow us to cross sell other value added
services such as shipping and financing to merchants off our marketplace, but also bring in
significant incremental revenues.

It is also important to highlight that all the countries where we offer our Merchant Service
solutions have shown triple digit revenue growth rates when looked at in local currencies; a
clear sign that we are executing well on this front.

This continued strength of our Merchant Service business is mainly driven from the success
of our commercial teams in onboarding larger clients and new clients in key open platform
integrations, as well as cross border payments in Brazil and Mexico which are growing
strongly and becoming a relevant percentage of our payment volume mix.

On the mobile payments front, there have also been very encouraging early stage advances
demonstrated by steady adoption and usage growth of some of the innovations we have
recently launched, such as our mobile POS systems and peer to peer transfer products.

[LONG PAUSE]

Our shipping initiatives have also played an important role in growing our marketplace
engagement metrics, as they continue to perform well with over 60% of units shipped in
Brazil, and over 45% on a consolidated basis being done through MercadoEnvios. This
latter metric is particularly relevant, underscoring the growing adoption of our shipping
solution across the board, and particularly in Mexico, where just 9 months after launch of
the solution, penetration is nearing 20% of all units sold in our Mexican marketplace.
Additionally, adoption of our shipping solution in Colombia launched during the 2Q of
2015 has also shown very encouraging advances in penetration and adoption.

                                                                                           5
We remain confident that the roll-out of our shipping solution will continue to contribute
synergies to our enhanced marketplace which is already a compelling value proposition,
and will also serve as a tool in sustaining growth rates for our business going forward,
while helping us to continue to bridge the gap with 1st party retailers.

In conjunction with what we had mentioned during prior quarters, not only aspire to drive
the penetration of our MercadoEnvios shipping solution on our marketplace to levels
similar to what MercadoPago has shown, but we have also begun to offer our shipping
solution to off platform merchants during the third quarter of 2015 in both Argentina and
Mexico.

We have also made important advances in regards to our cross docking initiatives, in an
effort to increase our shipping offers and shorten delivery times, provide the best prices and
maximize value to our customers. On this front, we continue to grow the percentage of
items shipped that pass through MercadoLibre controlled sortation centers, and have added
additional carriers in Brazil beyond our master agreement with Correios. In Argentina we
have started our systems integration with additional carriers and expect to begin trial runs
of cross docking shipments at select sortation centers by the end of the fourth quarter of this
year.

[PAUSE]

Moving on, we are pleased with the results of our advertising business as well. The success
and continuous innovation of our product ads solution has contributed growth acceleration
in local currency revenues of 176% Year over year. In line with this, we have also launched
a new product ad: Ad placements within search results. This incremental source of revenue
could effectively serve as a substitute to the insertion fees we discontinued as a result of the
rollout of our new pricing structure in Brazil, as merchants continue to be enticed to
purchase our advertising solution in order to redirect traffic to their own listings within
MELI. This initiative is currently being deployed in Brazil, and we expect to launch it in
Argentina and Mexico as well in the near future.

With that, we have covered the key initiatives behind our vision of an enhanced
marketplace including: marketplaces, payments, financing, official stores and shipping, as
well as some highlights in other business lines.

We believe that these strong business results and initiatives show the resiliency of our
business model as it continues perform strongly regardless of FX and macro headwinds.
Our vision of having more touch points with the transaction continues to confirm our belief
that the buyer experience is greatly improved and friction between buyers and sellers
significantly reduced as we roll out our enhanced marketplace. This fact is confirmed not
only by the strength of the operating metrics that I just covered but also on how these
metrics are flowing through to our financials, and by the sustained improvement in
customer satisfaction measured by Net Promoter Scores. During the 3rd quarter of 2015 we
saw the 9th consecutive quarter of increases in NPS, which grew by another 7pp
sequentially over the previous quarter.

                                                                                              6
[LONG PAUSE]

We now like to review how these operational highlights have impacted our financials. As
always growths are year on year unless I specify otherwise.

●      Net revenues came in at $168.6 million, a 14% growth in USD and 68% FX
adjusted. Excluding Venezuela, Net Revenues grew by 54% in constant currencies.
●      Income from operations was $45.3 million, decreasing by 4% in USD, but growing
by 33% in constant currencies, and 32% in constant currencies excluding Venezuela.
●      Net Income before Income/Asset Tax Expenses was $47.6 million, decreasing 8%
in USD, and growing 31.0% in constant currencies, 31.5% in constant currencies if we
exclude Venezuela.
●      Net income came in at $45.6 million, growing 35% in USD, and 72% in local
currencies, or 91% in local currencies excluding Venezuela, all resulting in Earnings Per
Share of $1.03.

[LONG PAUSE]

Let me start by breaking down revenue growth for you:

Marketplace revenues grew 56% in local currencies, driven by solid unit growth year over
year, especially in Argentina where units sold accelerated to its highest level in many years.

I’d like to note an ongoing trend, as our enhanced marketplace strategy penetrates our gross
merchandise volume; our core take rate increasingly shifts to and spreads through non-
marketplace revenue streams. In other words, as financing and shipping grow, they are
taking on incremental take rate at the expense of marketplace take rate. All in, we continue
to monetize more per user, but the segment breakdown favors non-marketplace over
marketplace revenues. Hence, marketplace revenues as a percentage of GMV dropped 41
bps Year over year, and non-marketplace revenues that include financing and shipping
revenues, gained 77 bps Year over year.

With that introduction, let me now give you some color on the Non-Marketplace revenue
growth:

Non-marketplace revenues experienced notable local currency growth of 89% in the third
quarter. In order of relevance, this growth was mainly driven by:

Payments:

In which merchant services grew north of 100% in local currencies thanks to the increased
adoption of MercadoPago throughout the region.

And financing revenues grew 81% in local currencies, mostly propelled by the adoption of
our interest free listing type, widely adopted in Brazil and, more recently, growing nicely in
Mexico and Chile.

                                                                                            7
Shipping revenues continue to grow at a fast pace, reaching over 6% of our net
consolidated revenues during the 3rd quarter.

Advertising continued to accelerate revenue growth, consolidating as one of the fastest
growing components of our topline, and finally, classifieds revenues which are also
growing, pushed by the professional sellers segment.

The slight deceleration we experienced in non-marketplace revenues is primarily explained
by the tough comps from a year ago, since our most thriving initiatives, free financing and
shipping, were already fully in place by this quarter one year ago.

[PAUSE]

When looked at by country operation, topline growth in local currencies in our largest
markets broke down as follows: 47% in Brazilian Reais in Brazil, 83% in Argentine Pesos
in Argentina, 26% in Mexican Pesos in Mexico, and 281% in Venezuelan currencies in
Venezuela.

[LONG PAUSE]

Before moving on, I’d like to briefly comment on three noteworthy impacts on our P&L in
terms of costs during this quarter:

First, the company was granted a tax holiday under the new software development law in
Argentina that expires in 2019, as we disclosed earlier in September. This holiday allows us
to have a relief in income tax and payroll taxes related to software development activities,
which are located in Argentina, retroactive to September of 2014. Therefore, this quarter
we booked a one-time income tax gain of $10.4 million and payroll tax cost gain of $3.1
million for the retroactive benefit as well as a total of $6.7 million under both concepts for
the current period’s business, less $1.4 million of audit fees related to the allowance of the
tax holiday.

Second issue, is that we partially reduced the yearly accrual on our Long Term Retention
plan this quarter due to the lower stock price levels at which MELI traded, positively
affecting margins by 309 bps.

And finally, foreign exchange headwinds continue to be relevant for understanding the
margin compression this quarter, as our largest operations continue to weaken their
currencies against USD. In general, to give you a sense of the FX impact, had currencies
remained constant over the past 12 months, EBIT margin contraction would have been
minimal, as FX accounted for 491 bps of our overall margin decline.

[PAUSE]




                                                                                            8
Moving on:

Gross profit grew 7% year over year during third quarter to $111.8 million. Gross profit
margin was 66.3% of revenues, versus 70.7% in the third quarter of 2014, and 67.4% in the
second quarter of 2015. As MercadoPago and Shipping keep gaining share of our revenues,
there is an incremental impact of payment processing fees and sales taxes over revenues,
which account for most of our gross margin contraction. These effects were somewhat
offset by scale in customer support. Additionally, of the 435 bps of total gross margin
compression, foreign exchange fluctuations explain 171 bps.

[PAUSE]

Operating expenses grew 16% year over year, reaching $66.5 million, and representing
39.5% of revenues, versus 38.8% in the same quarter last year, and 44.9% during the
second quarter. Let me break all this down for you:

Sales & marketing grew 6% year over year to $31.1 million, or 18.5% of revenues, vs.
19.9% for the same period last year, and 18.9% last quarter. The 142 bps of scale are
mainly driven by improvements in bad debt and scale in marketing expenses, partially
offset by higher fraud prevention expenses, which are associated with the growth of
payments and shipping solutions. Here as well, to give you a notion of forex impact,
excluding forex fluctuations, S&M would have scaled 62 additional bps.

[PAUSE]

Product Development expenses grew 26% to $17.0 million, representing 10.1% of revenue
in the third quarter versus 9.2% in the same period last year and 12.7% in the second
quarter of 2015. Growth in compensation costs, from continuing investments in our
engineering talent pool which grew almost 70% versus last year in headcount, as well as
incremental investments in software, licensing and consulting costs, drove this
deleveraging. These costs increases were partially offset by scale obtained by the software
development law and LTRP. Forex fluctuations impacted margins negatively by 196 bps
since most of our IT count is located in Argentina, the operation with smallest currency
weakening year over year against the USD.

[PAUSE]

General & Administrative expenses increased 28% year over year to $18.4 million,
representing 10.9% of revenues, versus 9.7% a year ago and 13.4% during the second
quarter of 2015. This 116 bps of contraction is mainly explained by a one-time reversal of
tax credits during the third quarter of last year, which affect comps and to a lesser degree,
by higher compensation costs. This contraction was partially offset by a reduction in the
LTRP accrual. Foreign exchange fluctuations in the case of G&A explained 61 bps of this
margin contraction.

[PAUSE]


                                                                                           9
As a result of all this, operating income for the quarter was $45.3 million, or 26.8% of
Revenues, versus 31.9% in the third quarter of 2014. Of the 502 bps of contraction in
EBIT, 491 bps can be explained by FX fluctuations, meaning, if currency exchange rates
had remained constant versus last year, margins would have been almost flat.

Please bear in mind that, as I mentioned before, our operating margins were aided by two
large effects this quarter: the software development law relief in labor tax and the LTPR
accrual.

[PAUSE]

Below Operating Income, we saw $6.0 million in financial expenses, mostly corresponding
to interest accrual on the convertible bond issued last year.

Interest income was $5.8 million, up 32% year on year due to higher interest rates and
larger invested amounts, compared to the third quarter of 2014, mainly explained by
MercadoPago’s growth and the consequent float and cash balance increases that it causes
vs. the last year.

Our forex line is positive $2.6 million during the quarter due to the appreciation of USD
balances held by our subsidiaries, mostly explained by our Brazilian and Argentinian
holdings, and partially offset by USD-denominated liabilities in some other markets.

[PAUSE]

Net income before taxes totaled $47.6 million, down 8% year over year and representing
28.2% of revenues, versus 35.0% during the third quarter of last year.

Income tax expense was $2.0 million in the third quarter, a blended tax rate of 4.2%. This
line item saw the highest positive impact of the software development law, a total of $16.0
million, $10.4 million corresponding to prior period’s adjustments. Excluding non-
recurring impact, the of these tax adjustments the blended tax rate for the period would
have been 27.2%, down from 34.9% in the same quarter of last year and 41.9% during the
previous quarter.

[PAUSE]

Net income came in at $45.6 million, or 27.1% of revenues, versus 22.8% in the third
quarter of 2014. Excluding one-offs, net income was $33.1 million, or 19.6% of revenues.
This resulted in a basic net income per common share of 1.03 cents, 0.75 cents excluding
from prior periods adjustments, vs. 0.76 cents in the third quarter of 2014, a fair apples to
apples comparison eliminating one off impacts.

Purchases of property, equipment, intangible assets and advances for property and
equipment, net of financial liabilities during the quarter totaled $8.2 million. For the period
ended September 2015, Free cash flow, defined as cash from operating activities less
payments for the acquisition of property, equipment, intangible assets advances for

                                                                                            10
property and equipment, net of financial liabilities, was $6.3 million, versus $42.1 million
in the same period last year. Cash, short-term investments and long-term investments at the
end of the quarter totaled $526.8 million.

Wrapping up, we declared our quarterly dividend of $4.5 million, or 10.3 cents per share,
payable on January 15, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on
December 31, 2015.

[PAUSE]

This concludes my review of the business for the third quarter. Summarizing what we’ve
seen, we’d like to reiterate that we envision the opportunity to be capitalized in ecommerce
as large as we have ever seen it, given the infancy of the industry combined with our unique
regional leadership. Not only are we just beginning to scratch the surface in what respects
to ecommerce, payments, and logistics, but having successfully sorted many competitive
and technological challenges over the past years gives us more assurance that we have the
ability and capability to successfully execute all our initiatives going forward. This is
reflected by the performance of our business units across the board as they continue to
show strong traction, while also confirming that our business model is not only innovative,
but also financially sound, and resilient and performs in both positive and negative
macroeconomic conditions. We remain excited about our business and future prospects,
and will continue to focus relentlessly on innovation and execution of our strategic
initiatives, which we believe will lead the way for us to continue to be the de facto
ecommerce platform throughout Latin America for many years to come.

We can now take your questions.




                                                                                         11
