                       MERCADOLIBRE 4Q’19 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

                                                                                               February 10th, 2020

PART I: INTRODUCTION AND DISCLAIMER – INVESTOR RELATIONS


        Hello everyone, and welcome to the MercadoLibre earnings conference call for the quarter ended
December 31st, 2019. I am Federico Sandler, Investor Relations Officer for MercadoLibre. Our senior
manager presenting today is Pedro Arnt, Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Osvaldo Giménez, CEO of
Mercado Pago will be available during today’s Q&A session. This conference call is also being broadcasted
over the internet and is available through our investor relations section of our website. I remind you that
management may make forward-looking statements relating to matters as continued growth prospects for
the company, industry trends and product and technology initiatives.

         These statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions,
expectations and projections about future events. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and
projections are reasonable in view of the currently available information, you are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those
discussed in this call, for a variety of reasons, including those described in the forward-looking statements
and risk factors section of our 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which
are available on our investor relations website. Finally, I would like to remind you that during the course of
this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of those measures to the
nearest comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth quarter 2019 earnings press release
available on our investor relations website.

        Now, let me turn the call over to Pedro...


PART II - OVERVIEW & FINANCIAL RESULTS – PEDRO ARNT

        Hello everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call.

          We´ve wrapped up another successful year with a strong 4th quarter. Our business continues to
deliver solid growth across both the commerce and fintech divisions, with good execution across multiple
regions, solidifying our position as a regional leader in the digital landscape. These results have been
achieved in a context of social volatility, increasing competition, and mixed macroeconomic performance
throughout our markets. All this highlights the immense opportunity still present as e-commerce and
digital financial services continue to penetrate the economies of Latin American countries. As we have said
over the years, we are still in the early stages of a long journey, and are as convinced as ever in the value
creating potential of Mercado Libre in the years to come.

        With that brief intro, let’s begin with our fintech progress report for the quarter.




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 4Q‘19. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 4Q’19 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



        On a consolidated basis, FX neutral total Total Payment Volume continued accelerating during the
quarter to 98,5% YoY growth, while it also accelerated in all our main geographies. This was mostly
driven by off-platform services, which accounted for 78% of total TPV growth.

        On-platform TPV in Argentina and Mexico also accelerated on a sequential basis, reaching 107.6%
and 53.4% YoY growth on an FX neutral basis respectively, leading to total on platform payment volume
growth of 46% on an FX neutral basis. Off Marketplace TPV represented 54.7% of total TPV during the
fourth quarter, and continued to grow triple digits on a consolidated basis, reaching FX neutral growth of
175.8% YoY.

        Let’s now break this growth story down by initiative, starting with our mPOS side of the business.
The mPos business continues to make strides, as FX neutral TPV grew at 126% YoY on a consolidated
basis during the quarter. Additionally, for the full year 2019 we had 3.8 million active merchants
processing payments through our Mercado Pago Point mPos devices on a consolidated basis.

         Our mPOS business in Brazil continues to accelerate in number of transactions reaching 61.3
million during the quarter, translating into a growth of 127,7% YoY. The performance of our Point Pro
device was a highlight, reaching peak in sales during the month of November, where we’ve seen a strong
migration from Point Mini devices to the more sophisticated type of devices, the Point Pro. During the
fourth quarter, Point Pro sales grew at 44% QoQ as it gained awareness and continues to expand our
sales efforts geared at targeting larger merchants still within the long tail segment.

        On a consolidated basis, we reached 88,5M transactions processed by our mPos devices during
the fourth quarter representing a growth of 160% YoY and 36% sequentially QoQ.

         Moving on to the wallet initiatives, it achieved an important milestone during the fourth quarter
with TPV surpassing the 1 billion dollar mark, reaching $1,3 billion dollars, and gaining share of volume in
the off platform segment to 26% of total TPV on a consolidated basis.

        The buildout of both collectors and payers using our wallet services continues to fire on all
cylinders. During the quarter we reached almost 8 million active payers and 2,4 million active collectors,
representing a growth in users of 29,4% in the payers metric QoQ and 51,6% in the collectors metric also
QoQ on a consolidated basis. Another highlight during the quarter was improved user frequency in all
geographies, reaching 7,7 payments per quarter, with Argentina still leading at 12 payments per unique
payer during Q4. Additionally, we are beginning to see both in Argentina and Brazil an increment in users
carrying out multiple payment flows throughout the quarter.

        Still on mobile wallet in Argentina, during the fourth quarter we have begun to monetize wallet
payments in that country, with a 60 bps merchant discount rate. We are not observing significant churn
neither across merchants nor payers as such cost is still more competitive than funding payments with
either debit or credit cards. This is a positive initial validation of the potential our walle as a long-term
sustainable business model.

       Within wallet, we are also encouraged by the execution and buildout of our QR network, as it
reached almost half a billion dollars in TPV during the quarter, and represented 18 million transactions.
We are also proud to announce on this front that our QR network has already surpassed the 2M active
payers mark in Argentina and the 1M active payers mark in Brazil.




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 4Q‘19. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 4Q’19 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



         Growth in QR payers was also strongly driven by our ongoing efforts to onboard merchants
accepting Mercado Pago QR codes and hence expand payment usage cases within the QR functionality.
During the fourth quarter we had 1,6 million active QR merchants on a consolidated basis, representing a
quarterly increase of 67,2%, roughly evenly split between Brazil and Argentina, our two main geographies
at this point. Growth in active collectors was also strong, as we onboarded high quality merchants during
the quarter such as Starbucks in Argentina, 7-Eleven in Mexico, as well as good performance from existing
merchants such McDonalds, Burger King, Cinemark, and other lighthouse clients in Brazil.

        During 2019, as part of our wallet initiative, we have ramped up distribution of prepaid cards to
our users. These cards are linked to wallet account balances. This card business is still in an early stage,
but beginning to ramp as we place greater resources behind the initiative. Since inception, we have issued
almost 4.5 million prepaid cards. On a consolidated basis, versus the same quarter last year, we have
almost doubled TPV processed on prepaid cards, and also the amount of cards distributed, and expect
sustained strong levels of growth going forward.

        Moving on to merchant services; the business continues to grow at a healthy pace both in number
of transactions as well as in total payment volume, delivering 95% YoY Fx Neutral TPV growth as well as
95% YoY growth YoY in the total number of payments. We’ve continued adding active merchants to our
online payments offering outside of the MELI marketplace being able to deliver over 350 thousand net
new adds for this business versus the previous quarter.

         Continuing, a quick update on the credit business, Mercado Credito. Overall, the credit business
has continued on a steady pace of originations during the quarter as we continued strengthening our
value proposition for both online and offline merchants as well as for our buyers. Consequently, our
credits portfolio grew 92% YoY in US dollars to $212,6 million on a consolidated basis.

         Additionally, we have reversed negative bad debt ratios from prior Qs in Brazil, reducing by half
our default rates quarter on quarter. The improvement in bad debt was a consequence of strengthening
our risk models on new cohorts, while at the same time intensifying and improving our collection efforts.

         We continue moving forward with our credit product rollout throughout the region. In Argentina
we launched personal loans, where users can solicit a credit line from Mercado Libre not associated with a
specific product purchase. In Mexico, we launched consumer credits with encouraging results as the
product already accounted for 32% of originations in that country.

        We’ve also continued expanding funding sources for our credits business during the quarter. In
order to be able to further scale our credits business without using our own balance sheet, in Argentina,
we’ve securitized our first consumer credit trust, while in Mexico we launched our first trust with Goldman
Sachs to fund our merchant credit loans. We feel enthusiastic about our credit business in Mexico, given
the combination of low bankarization rates and the high demand we see for credit products like the ones
we offer both to merchants and consumers.

         We have also made meaningful inroads on the customer retention and loyalty front during the
quarter. More specifically, we have started integrating Mercado Pago wallet uses and products into our
loyalty program, Mercado Puntos. We have expanded loyalty rewards to QR payments and other usage
cases with Mercado Pago, where historically discounts and points were exclusively geared towards free
shipping and other benefits only for marketplaces. This should help increase our engagement and
retention within our ecosystems as well as enhance our couponing and cross selling capabilities.




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 4Q‘19. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 4Q’19 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



         Still on the engagement and retention front, we’ve also launched our discount central product,
which offers our user base both merchant funded discounts on items on our marketplaces, as well as
discounts for our buyers purchases through our mobile wallet both online and offline, differentiated by
loyalty level. During 2020 we aspire to progressively add more benefits to our program to enhance the
value proposition to our users, and also leverage the data we are generating so that we can not only
personalize the customer experience even further, but also enable us to create targeted marketing
campaigns to increase our bonds with our users.

        Finally on fintech, during the fourth quarter we have reached a commercial agreement with
PayPal that builds upon their investment on MercadoLibre, Inc. announced on March 12th of last year.
Now, we are beginning to explore together how to unlock more payment options for millions of Brazilian
and Mexican PayPal buyers, as well as boosting our reach and international scale by expanding payment
options for our own users abroad leveraging the scale and merchant depth of PayPal.

        We are pleased with the comprehensive nature of our partnership and look forward to continued
collaboration with PayPal.

         Let’s now move on to some of the high points from our marketplace business. Starting with Net
Promoter scores, as they improved significantly during the quarter as we continue the improvements to
our logistics network that are resulting in faster delivery times, and consequently higher customer
satisfaction. Versus last year, Net Promoter Scores increased by 13.3 percentage points, and 3.3
percentage points versus the third quarter of 2019.

        Consolidated GMV accelerated to 40% growth YoY in FX neutral basis driven by performance in
Argentina and Mexico. At $3.9 Billion dollars, it was the strongest quarter ever, highlighting the still
nascent stage of e-commerce penetration in the region, and continued run rate for long term growth of
our business.

        Brazilian growth this quarter was sequentially flat, at 23.4% FX neutral basis YoY. This slightly
above market growth was impacted by weak Black Friday/Seasonal Campaign performance in November
and December stemming primarily from our decision to prioritize ROI and not invest as aggressively as
we did in Q3 around those campaigns, and a slowdown in our consumer electronics and auto parts
categories.

       Despite this, we also saw multiple positive signs. Sold items growth accelerated to 25% YoY up
from 18.5% during the prior quarter. We’ve also begun to see acceleration in categories where we see
opportunity to gain penetration, since they under index our consolidated market share, such as TV’s,
among others. And, the number of unique buyers also continues to show improvement, accelerating
sequentially to 25% YoY during the fourth quarter.

         We remain focused on driving growth through user experience improvements, incremental
logistics capabilities, expansion of selection, and price competitiveness; we trust that our business in Brazil
still has enormous growth potential going forward as we improve on those key drivers for long term
success

         Moving on to Mexico, growth in that market was very strong during the quarter. GMV accelerated
to 53% YoY on an FX neutral basis. Successful execution was attributable to three main initiatives:
fulfillment operations that continue to scale and deliver improved delivery times, marketing investments
that in contrast to Brazil did accompany an aggressive seasonal promotional campaigns, and continued
improvements in product assortment, as live listings grew almost 80% YoY reaching 48 million.


     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 4Q‘19. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 4Q’19 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



         Argentine GMV continued to accelerate for the second consecutive quarter on an FX neutral basis
reaching 109.4% YoY, and 31% YoY in USD. Excellent performance during promotional seasonal dates,
improvements in marketing campaigns efficiency, and the inflationary pass-through effects to item cost
when measured on a local currency basis explain the solid GMV growth we delivered this quarter in that
country.

        Frequency of items sold continues to improve in all geographies, with Mexico leading the way with
a frequency of purchase of 6,13 purchases per unique buyer, representing a 11,2% improvement quarter
on quarter, mostly driven by a higher penetration of our consumer packaged goods (“CPG”) category and
a general increase in items of lower value due to the relaunch of our shopping cart feature. CPG initiative
continues delivering 2X the growth of the marketplace.

         Consolidated unique buyers continued to deliver a healthy clip of growth, accelerating in all major
geographies. Assortment also continues to deepen, surpassing 270 million live listings during the quarter.
In this respect, it is important to highlight that Brazil re-accelerated it’s live listings growth after more than
3 quarters of deceleration.

          During the fourth quarter, Official stores represented almost 15% of total GMV. We are feeling
increasingly confident about becoming a key partner to traditional brick and mortar retailers and
consumer brands on their omnichannel strategies. Official stores are contributing in the transformation of
our platform to become an increasingly more attractive shopping destination with deeper branded
assortment. In Brazil we onboarded 60 new official stores during the fourth quarter including Apple,
Michelin, Under Armor, Carrefour, among others. In other regions we also added some relevant new
official stores such as Electrolux in Chile, and Xiaomi in Colombia.

        Moving on to one of the critical flywheel of our enhanced marketplace: logistics. We continue to
have a wide free shipping offering in our marketplace with 62% of volume purchased, and roughly 50% of
units being delivered at no shipping cost to consumers.

         Mercado Envios managed network penetration reached 43% on a consolidated basis. We have
also opened 9 additional service centers in Mexico and 9 in Brazil, allowing us to have faster delivery times
and lower costs of transportation. Additionally, during the fourth quarter we opened 335 drop off points in
Brazil for our merchant base. These drop off points make it easier to on board merchants to our Managed
Network as they eliminate the need for pick up at a merchant location, thereby helping us to continue to
decrease our reliance on more expensive and less reliable dropship solutions.

        Geographically, our Brazilian Fulfillment operation almost doubled its penetration versus the prior
quarter reaching an average quarterly penetration of 12%. Argentina doubled its fulfillment penetration
reaching 10% of total shipped volume, while Mexico also continued scaling this service reaching 42%
penetration.

         Another key point in Brazil is that we were able to continue to diminish our dependancy to a
single carrier. In fact, during the quarter we lowered our exposure to our largest carrier by 12 percentage
points versus the third quarter in 2019.

          Our Flex solution, where we leverage the logistics capabilities of our existing merchants is now
available in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Chile, and we look forward to rolling out this service during
the first quarter of 2020 in Uruguay as well.




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 4Q‘19. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 4Q’19 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



        Flex in Argentina, it first launched, reached already 12% of items shipped for the entire country,
with almost 60% of those deliveries being done same day and 40% next day. The success of this service
in Argentina is encouraging us to further leverage in this type of shipping solution in our other regions in
order to lower delivery times and costs even more.

        On a consolidated basis Mercado Envios continued improving logistics KPI’s. During the fourth
quarter, we reached an important milestone, as we are now delivering over half of our volume though
MercadoEnvios in less than 48hs, mainly driven by improvements in Brazil (5 percentage points QoQ) and
Argentina (9 percentage points QoQ), and have lowered total delivery times by nearly 20% year over
year.

         In relation to average cost per order we’ve also continued to improve unit cost, lowering it by
14% quarter on quarter driven by a broader penetration of smaller 3PL partners, where re-negotiated
contracts to reflect our increased volume, and also performed enhancements to our network design. In
Brazil alone we reduced on average 1 dollar per order as a consequence of the implementation of these
operational improvements.

       Before moving on to a review of our P&L for the quarter, I’d like to take a minute to speak about
the progress we have made around our branding investments, that meaningfully increased during H2
2019.

         Having started the branding journey during the second half of last year, and recognizing that
building a brand is a long-term initiative, we are already starting to see a positive evolution in the brand
equity of Mercado Libre, with positive growth in the overall brand power indexes in Mexico, Brazil and
Chile, while maintaining a high value gap versus the competition in Argentina and Uruguay. Additionally,
branding initiatives have impacted significantly certain relevant brand attribute perceptions such as
quality, trust, and time of delivery in our major geographies.

          Now that I have covered the main highlights and business KPI’s for the quarter, let's move on to
our financial results. Following our capital raise in 2019, we’ve continued to invest in our growth
initiatives, which includes sales & marketing.

         During the fourth quarter, Gross Billings continued to maintain strong momentum growing on an
FX neutral basis 59.1%, while 36.4% in US Dollars. Consolidated net revenues grew faster than gross
billings both on an FX neutral basis and USD basis, growing to 84.4% YoY and 57.5% respectively, and
reaching $674.3 million dollars as we continue to optimize shipping subsidies and costs, minimize contra
revenues from free shipping programs. As you’ll recall, our growing logistics operations is a core part of
our long-term strategy.

         Gross profit was $308.3 million dollars, representing 45.7% of revenues during the quarter down
from 47.8% a year ago. This 211 bps margin compression was driven for the most part by warehousing
costs from our fulfillment operations and the incremental inventory costs from the robust sales of mPos
devices, which were partially offset by collection fee improvements, sales taxes and hosting fee
efficiencies. On a sequential basis, the 142 bps margin compression is explained for the most part, by
incremental shipping subsidies to promote adoption of our logistics network during the fourth quarter.

        We’ve included a detailed breakdown as we do every quarter of these and also the OPEX margin
evolution I am about to cover in the slides that accompany this presentation.




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 4Q‘19. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 4Q’19 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



        Operating expenses ascended to $377 million dollars or 56% of revenues versus 48.0% during
the fourth quarter of 2018. On a sequential basis, operating expenses increased by only $11 million which
resulted in sequential margin improvement of 479 bps mostly attributed to efficiencies in marketing
expenses and improvements in bad debt ratios.

        Operating losses declined to $68.9 million dollars. The 479 bps improvement that I just explained
plus the 142 bps gross margin contraction covered earlier in COGS lead to a sequential improvement of
337 bps in EBIT margin.

        Moving down the P&L, we saw $21.2 million dollars in financial expenses mainly attributable to
secured financial loans and interest expenses from our trusts related to our factoring in Argentina.
Interest income increased by 88.4% year on year to $26.9 million dollars as a result of equity offering
during 2019, which generated more invested volume and interest gain, and a higher float in Argentina.

        Net loss for the quarter ascended to $54.0 million dollars. On a per share basis, all this resulted in
a basic net loss per share of $1.11 cents.

         Reflecting on our 2019, we remain very encouraged by the performance of our businesses overall
and remain excited about the opportunities that lie ahead of us. Our company continued to hold its
position as the largest regional e-commerce and payments platform, hitting multiple milestones during the
year:

         GMV of $14.0 billion dollars growing at 34% on a FX neutral basis.
         TPV of $28.4 billion dollars growing at 92% on a FX neutral basis.
         Revenues of $2.3 billion dollars growing at 92% on a FX neutral basis.
         Achieving 44.2 million unique buyers,
         11.2 million unique sellers,
         71.1 million unique payers,
         15 million unique collectors
         And delivering Net Promoter Scores that improved by 3 percentage points YoY in commerce and
by 7.3 in payments.

       In delivering these results, we’ve sought to maintain a manageable and sustainable balance
between growth and investments, which for the full year led to a net loss of $172 million dollars.

        We believe we are investing appropriately behind the right growth initiatives, building superior
experiences and products for our consumers and merchants, while staying focused on our long-term goal
of democratizing commerce and money throughout Latin America. The sustained momentum we see gives
us the confidence to move on to a phase where we continue to prioritize growth, but with a greater focus
on driving cost efficiencies and scale benefits through our P&Ls and the P&L of the larger and more
consolidated countries we operate. This will be one of main objectives for 2020.

         Before wrapping up the earnings call, I’d like to add one more comment. We are very proud to
communicate that this year will be the first in which we will release our sustainability report
simultaneously with our annual report. Our commitment to sustainability has a strong connection with
how we envision our business serving all our stakeholders and also reflects that we take sustainability
matters seriously. The report includes our sustainability metrics on key initiatives that include diversity,
social inclusion, labor practices, energy consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, and waste management
amongst others.



     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 4Q‘19. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                   MERCADOLIBRE 4Q’19 EARNINGS
                     CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



         We feel we have delivered another great year, and our 2019 results leave us on a strong footing
to pursue our strategic objectives in 2020 and beyond. We remained focused on disciplined execution
against our priorities and moving our business forward. As 2020 begins, we find ourselves operating in a
macro environment characterized by greater variability. In that respect, we see that we have a well-
diversified portfolio of products and markets in which we operate, which should leave us on firmer footing
should economic conditions change. We remain committed to our long-term financial and operational
objectives and are confident that the strength of our business, flexibility of our balance sheet and
operational discipline will allow us to continue delivering value to our shareholders.

        We look forward as always to keeping you updated on our progress next quarter, and we’d like to
take your questions no...


                                            THANK YOU
