                     MELI Q3’10 Earnings Conference Script
                                                                     Date: November 3, 2010

      MERCADOLIBRE 3Q10 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

Part I: Introduction and Disclaimer – Pedro Arnt

Welcome everyone to MercadoLibre’s earnings conference call for the quarter ended
September 30, 2010. Company management presenting today are Marcos Galperin, Chief
Executive Officer, and Hernan Kazah, Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Osvaldo
Gimenez, Senior Vice President of MercadoPago, will be present during today’s Q&A
session. This conference call is also being broadcast over the Internet and is available
through the investor relations section of our website. [PAUSE]

I remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP
measures. A reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures
can be found in our third quarter 2010 earnings press release available on our investor
relations website. [PAUSE] In addition, management may make forward-looking
statements relating to such matters as continued growth prospects for the company,
industry trends and product and technology initiatives. These statements are based on
currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections,
about future events. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections,
are reasonable, in view of the currently available information, you are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those discussed in this call, for a variety of reasons, including, those
described in the forward-looking statements and risk factor sections of our 10-Q, 10-K and
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on our
investor relations website. [PAUSE]

Now, let me hand the floor over to Marcos.

Part II: Overview/Summary – Marcos Galperin

Thank you and welcome, everyone, to today's conference call.
Let me begin by summing up Q3 as a good quarter for us, with sustained trading
momentum on our platform, even as we continue to dedicate resources to longer-term
initiatives that have limited immediate impact. Throughout Q3 we continued to observe
the positive dynamic, which I have described over the past few quarters, characterized by
increasing levels of engagement by our users with our different service offerings. This
increased complementary usage of marketplaces, classifieds, payments and advertising
guarantee both an ever-improving user experience for our customers, as well as
strengthened financial model for our company as we move forward.

In the meantime, secular trends in technology remain steady and underline a strong future
for e-commerce in the region where we operate, as growth in internet and broadband
penetration continue to be fortified by improving infrastructure, access to computers and
quality of connections available. New consumers are spilling onto the web at a rapid pace,
and in Q3 alone we added 2.8 million new users to our community of buyers and sellers,
surpassing the milestone of 50 million users, and ending the quarter with 50.2 million total
confirmed registered users. This figure represents a 25% increase over last year.

The convergence of these internal and external factors allowed for a record gross
merchandise volume of $888.1 million in the quarter, a 12% increase year-over-year, and
26% higher than last year when measured in local currencies. Items sold, possibly a better
reflection of the stable rate of growth for our business as it eliminates distortions brought
about by currency fluctuations, grew even more robustly at 30% versus 2009.

Growth in volume is transferring over to growth in revenues at an even faster pace, as we
are monetizing our GMVe more effectively than last year mainly on the basis of our
expanding payments service which has added value to more transactions than a year ago.
TPV penetration has risen to 21% in Q3, versus 14% at this time last year. That’s a strong
jump in the number of transactions that are opting for frictionless payments, credit card
purchasing, and the possibility to buy in installments. I will share more on that with you in
just a moment, but first let me highlight the growth of some of our key metrics.

In the third quarter, our company generated the following year-on-year growth in
operational metrics:

       ●       30% growth in items sold
       ●       120% growth in number of payments made though MercadoPago
       ●       26% growth in GMV in local currencies; and
       ●       63% growth in total payments volume in local currencies

....and the following key financial results

       ● Revenues of 56 million, a 11% growth vs last year
       ● Income from operations of 19.3 million, 2% over last year
       ● Net Income of 18.8 million, a 91% Growth vs last year, resulting in an EPS of
         $0.43.-

I would like to pause for a moment here and clarify that revenues for the quarter
were negatively impacted by a change in MercadoPago financing operations as revenues
generated from installment-related financing charges are now reported net of the cost of
discounting credit card receivables. Had financing receivables also been pre-sold in Q3
2009, respective year-on-year growth in net revenues would have been 20% in USD and
34% in local currencies. This has no impact whatsoever on Net Income. On the other
hand, Net Income was positively impacted by a lower tax rate as we had some one-time tax
benefits. Hernan will explain these issues in detail in just a minute.


We believe the quarterly financial performance is further proof of MercadoLibre’s
consistent execution while capturing the opportunity of this rapidly growing e-commerce
region. I firmly believe that our focus on technology and innovation is what allows us to
capture this growing potential quarter after quarter.

[LONG PAUSE]

Let me now turn to some of the operational highlights of the quarter.

During the quarter our efforts on the IT front continued to center on the new software
platform we are developing for our core applications. The project is an entire re-write of
most of our code, focusing on making it more robust, scalable, and principally open. The
key deliverables that we hope to share with you over the next few quarters will be the
incremental publication of the MercadoLibre API. The API will initially cover the core
functions of our trading platform, and eventually cover most of the functionality available
on MercadoLibre, MercadoPago, MercadoClics and MercadoShops. In addition to this
major milestone, we are also confident that the new platform will allow us to significantly
shorten our own internal product development cycles, meaning that as we advance we will
be able to roll out more new functionalities and services for our users than ever before.

Importantly, this initiative implies an important dedication of our IT resources towards a
project that strengthens our future adaptability and capacity for innovation, while foregoing
product launches and short-term innovations that might have contributed to our growth in
the immediate quarter. We are eager to see the effects of this project in what is now a
closer future;enabling us to tackle a list of innovations including but not limited to:

   ● Deploying our services on mobile devices as they increasingly become tools for e-
     commerce
   ● Becoming compatible with a wider range of third parties interested in using our
     marketplace as a business platform or developing tools and applications that run on
     it
   ● And, as mentioned previously, increasing the speed of execution of our product
     enhancements.

[LONG PAUSE]

Now for a closer look at operational highlights from our business units.

Our classifieds business is showing renewed strength after we tweaked our business model
by introducing free listing options. This quarter classifieds grew faster than the
marketplace, as its revenues were up 51% when measured in constant dollars. Notable in
this reacceleration is the fact that an increasing number of the many new cars listed under
the free option are upgrading to paid listing alternatives. This validates our strategy of
offering a free classifieds alternative as a key customer acquisition tool, to then be
monetized through up-sale and cross-sale offerings. This achievement is notorious in
Brazil, where Unique New Sellers have grown 89% YoY.

Also key to the improvement in results is the fact that listings coming from dealers kept
growing to 28%. This shows that the transition from a fully C2C model to a hybrid one
that also encompasses the dealership segment is moving forward in classifieds with a
strong degree of success.

[LONG PAUSE]

Moving on to advertising, our MercadoClics advertising solution continues to gain traction
and make up for the decline in ad revenues brought about by our decision to gradually
phase out most of the display advertising positions except for those available in free listing
pages. We see MercadoClics beginning to gain the recognition among advertisers that we
hope will eventually position it as a valid complement on existing investments in Search
advertising platforms. We have impressively doubled the number of advertisers using
MercadoClics in over the last two quarters. Represented within that group are reknown
retailers as well as SMBs, and even merchants who already sell on our site but see the
added value of tying their offers to well-selected key search words as well. Case in point to
the strong momentum we see behind MercadoClics, albeit from a very small base, is that of
the top 25 Latin American retailers we already have as clients: WalMart, Casas Bahía,
Magazine Luiza, CBD/Pao de Acucar (with their brands Extra and Pontofrio), Falabella,
Fravega, Musimundo, SonyStyle, BestBuy, Dell and Apple Store, among others.
Given the solid results we are seeing, we will continue to focus on search advertising,
prioritizing continued growth in the number of advertisers using the platform, improving
click through rates and making campaign management, particularly for large volume
campaigns, easier through improved tools and features.

[LONG PAUSE]

And now I’d like to move on to the developments in our payments and core marketplace
businesses.

Possibly the highlight of our operations in the quarter was Brazil’s well executed migration
to the MP3 payments platform. This was timed to coincide with the implementation of our
new bundled pricing scheme, and the transition was carried out seamlessly. Our sellers
responded very well to the new system and our buyers have demonstrated increased
willingness to use MercadoPago now that they no longer pay for processing and have the
product better integrated into their purchasing flows. Consequently, we have seen a sharp
increase in TPV penetration, that is TPV as a percentage of GMVe, in Brazil for the
quarter. This figure rose from 33% to 39% in just the last 3 months. We are eager to keep
witnessing this evolution going forward.

As buyers adopt MercadoPago in increasing numbers, they are also proving more likely to
choose financing options when they do so. As a result, financed payments volume
increased along with general payments penetration in the quarter, contributing to overall
revenue growth as well.

In the meantime Express Checkout, launched along with bundled pricing, has also notably
improved integration of MercadoPago and our marketplace, another driver for this
increased adoption we are seeing. Buyers are finding a purchasing flow that is increasingly
quick, simple and integrated with payments, encouraging our marketplace and payments
growth simultaneously. Their increasing choice of our payments solution is also greatly
improving the efficiency of transactions that sellers accomplish, and as such, they have
readily accepted the added value in this new system.

The results have been encouraging enough in Argentina and Brazil so far, that we will be
moving forward with the same initiative in Mexico in the next few quarters

Now, we have already covered MercadoPago in terms of its integration with our
marketplace, but I would like to specifically address the growth we are seeing in a few key
metrics there. This growth remains crucial to our long-term prospects, and I want to break
it into its different components.
First of all, as called out previously, TPV saw an impressive 67% growth year on year.
This was achieved primarily by bundling MercadoPago into every MercadoLibre paid
listing at no extra cost for the sellers of Argentina and Brazil. As a result MercadoPago
had an impressive 86% share of all live listings in Q3, up 28 percentage points versus last
year. This will keep approaching 100% adoption as we implement the same steps in other
countries, in turn driving TPV penetration up from the current 21% level.

Simultaneously to getting to a point were all listings on the platform offer MercadoPago,
we also plan to drive penetration further by creating incentives for buyers along the way.
Results so far show that once they try our payments solution they are inclined to keep using
it for future purchases. Increased usage will come with many opportunities in the form of
stored balance, store payment and shipping preferences and a critical mass of buyers which
will be interesting to merchants inside and outside our platform.

As we continue growing the percentage of transactions that flow through MercadoPago, the
benefits of MercadoPago gradually will reach all of our users, providing them with smooth
settlement of transactions, a trustworthy buyer protection program, the advantages of clear
records and stored balance. Additionally, sellers see improved conversion and volume as
buying and paying become integrated on our platform.

This is the enormous opportunity ahead of us on our own platforms.

In terms of the off-platform segment, the opportunities for growth are also very large as we
begin to reach out to more merchants, nascent and established, and as our existing off
platform partners see their online volume grow along with the rest of e-commerce. Brazil
off-platform payments illustrate this perfectly. Off-MercadoLibre e-commerce payments
volume grew 98% QoQ, and we expect to keep a rapid growth rate for several quarters. As
this happens, off-platform will become an increasingly important component of our
business, and we look forward to its evolution.

[LONG PAUSE]

Before handing things over to Hernan I’d like to stress the solid progress we are making,
while preparing our new platform architecture which will allow us to advance even further.
Certain parts will be running on new standards by year end, and over the next few quarters
we hope to advance on the entire site. As I detailed earlier, these changes will allow us to
shorten development time for new site launches in the future, while allowing for
compatibility with third party developers. It implies no added investment but rather a
redirecting of IT resources, a time cost which we believe is well worth incurring.
While on the IT Front I would also like to congratulate our engineering team for yet
another award received. On this occasion we were the recipients of the 2010 Oracle Enable
the Eco-Enterprise Award, announced by Oracle at their Open World Conference in San
Francisco this quarter. This award showcases customer successes using technology to
support green business practices, as well as sustainability initiatives that improve business
efficiencies while having a positive environmental impact. Oracle has honored 15 global
customers and we are proud to be among them. We believe this highlights not only our
engineering excellence but our commitment to being a socially responsible and
environmentally sustainable company.

This is an excellent note on which to congratulate our entire team here at MercadoLibre,
for the hard work carried out so far this year. We have just crossed the 1500 employee
mark, as we continue to invest in top talent to carry out our ambitious plans going forward,
and as a management team we are all extremely proud of each one of them for the work
they are carrying out.

In the immediate future we are gearing things up for the year-end shopping season which is
about to kick off in Latin America. We are confident that 2010 will see record numbers of
both buyers and sellers coming to MercadoLibre for their holiday buying, selling and
paying, placing us once again at the center of the growing tide that is e-commerce in Latin
America.

I will now let Hernan walk you through the key financial and accounting points for the
quarter and look forward to addressing your questions right after that.

Part III: Financial Results – Hernan Kazah

Thank you. [PAUSE] As Marcos just mentioned, the third quarter of 2010 was another
strong quarter for us, as our combined businesses generated solid results.

In the quarter we generated:

       ●      Net revenues of $56 million
       ●      A gross profit margin of 79.5%;
       ●      Income from operations of $19.3 million, leaving operating income margin
       at 34.5%; and
       ●      Net income of $18.8 million, a net income margin of 33.6%. [PAUSE]

Resulting EPS for the quarter was $0.43.

As Marcos mentioned, I would like to provide you with greater clarity on two changes in
our operations which have taken place as of Q3. It is important to highlight that these
adjustments occur as we adapt to our users’ needs and capture opportunities to enhance our
business. Neither of these changes has any impact on our Net Income or EPS.

The first of these operational changes is the consolidation of our segment reporting.
Whereas we previously reported Marketplace and Payments as separate business segments,
as of the third quarter of 2010 we have begun to report them both as one single segment.
This is a result of the recent integration of our payments business and fees into the
marketplace operation. As we have explained in prior calls, we are in the process of
bundling our payments processing fees into our marketplace final value fees in all countries
where we operate, in this way offering the improved buyer experience provided by our
payments service at no extra cost to our users. This was carried out in Argentina at the end
of last year, and has now been implemented in Brazil as well, to coincide with the rollout of
MP3 in that country. As a result of this pricing change in Brazil, our payments business no
longer charges its own separate processing fee for transactions that occur on the
MercadoLibre marketplace platform in that country, eliminating the principal source of
revenues that justified reporting payments as a separate segment.

It should be noted that MercadoPago continues to charge a processing fee for off-platform
transactions and a financing fee, both on and off platform, to buyers who purchase in
installments. These sources of revenues are not yet material enough to justify a separate
reporting segment, but as they continue to grow, we will reevaluate this in the future as
they increase their share of total revenues.

Therefore, for the time being, we will report consolidated revenues and direct costs broken
down by geographic segment. [PAUSE]

The second operational change I want to address today is in our MercadoPago financing
operations.

Due to the continuous growth of MercadoPago’s TPV and, particularly, the growth in
financed TPV, as of July 2010 we started to pre-sell a significant portion of our credit card
receivables in order to better manage their growing volume, and to generate increased
predictability of the associated interest rate cost.

A pre-sale of receivables implies giving certain financial institutions advanced notice of
our intent to sell to them a portion of the credit card receivables that we will accumulate
over upcoming months. This practice allows us to better forecast our expected financial
costs on the sale of future receivables, to improve negotiations around the cost of
discounting those receivables, and to limit the risk of not finding trading partners for those
receivables.
Consequently, MercadoPago consumer financing revenues are now the net amount
collected from financial institutions as a result of pre-selling installment related financing
receivables, and there is no longer an expense line associated with the cost of discounting
them.

In our press release, we are providing a table that may prove helpful to analyze the annual
evolution of the company’s topline, as it shows consolidated net revenues since Q3 of 2008
net of MercadoPago financing cost.


Having clarified these two issues, I will now provide a more detailed review of our key
financial metrics. All growth rates are year-on-year unless I specify otherwise. [PAUSE]

During the third quarter we generated solid growth in all of our key financial metrics,
starting with healthy revenue growth in USD despite a continued foreign exchange
headwind versus last year. Specifically:
[PAUSE]:

       ●       Net revenues were $ 56 million, 11% growth in US dollars, and 23% growth
       in local currencies. Making revenues for the prior year quarter comparable by
       subtracting $3.9 million of costs directly associated with MercadoPago financing,
       growth was 20% in USD and 34% in local currencies.
       ●       Gross profit margin was healthy at 79.5% vs. 78.3% in Q2 of 2010, and
       79.5% in Q3 of last year.
       ●       Income from operations grew 2% to $19.3 million, with an operating income
       margin of 34.5% vs. 35.8% in Q2 of 2010, 37.5% in Q3 of 2009.
       ●       Net Income before Income/Asset Tax Expense for Q3 2010 was $19.8
       million, representing 59% growth in US dollars.
       ●       Net income was $18.8 million, a 91% growth year-on-year. This represents
       a 33.6% net income margin versus 19.5% a year earlier. [PAUSE]

Revenue growth was driven primarily by volume. Specifically, we saw a 30% increase in
items sold, taking marketplace gross merchandise volume to $888.1 million. This is a 12%
increase in U.S. dollars and a 26% increase in constant dollars; within this total, Brazil,
with a 25% growth in items sold, grew local currency GMVe by 4% in the quarter versus
USD GMVe growth of 11%.

GMVe comparisons are particularly difficult in Brazil for the second half of 2010, as last
year the Brazilian Real appreciated considerably over a very short period, while the local
currency prices of typically USD denominated products did not adjust downward
immediately. The result was a considerable spike in USD ASP at this time last year,
making for a very tough year on year comparison that extends into Q4. [PAUSE]
Another factor driving our revenue growth was the expansion of our bundled pricing which
is higher than the prior stand-alone final value fee and which increased TPV penetration.
As TPV grows, financed volume on our site also tends to grow, and this contributes
additional financing revenues.

In local currencies, on a country basis, consolidated net revenue growth was 7% for Brazil,
48% for Argentina, 11% for Mexico, and 61% for Venezuela. In USD, consolidated net
revenues grew 14% for Brazil, 44% for Argentina, 15% for Mexico and declined -35% for
Venezuela. Note that Brazil’s revenue growth is deeply impacted by the pre-selling of
MercadoPago financing receivables. Had we presold receivables in Q3 of 2009, revenue
growth for Brazil would have been 30% in US dollars, and 22% in local currencies.

Consolidated take rate declined to 6.30%, versus 6.40% in Q3 of 2009 and 6.58% in Q2 of
2010. Under both comparisons the decline in take rate is strictly due to the new pre-selling
of MercadoPago receivables. [PAUSE]

Turning to our P&L for the third quarter:
Gross profit grew 11% to $44.5 million, representing 79.5% of revenues, the same as in
3Q´09. This margin may decline going forward as our payments business, with a lower
gross margin, continues to gain share over the marketplace. [PAUSE]

Operating expenses for the period reached 45.0% of sales totaling $25.2 million, a 19%
increase.

Specifically:

       ●       Sales & marketing remained the largest line item expense growing 11% for
       the quarter to $12.3 million. As a percentage of revenues Sales & marketing
       reached 22.0%, vs. 21.8% for the same period last year.
       ●       Product & technology remains a principal focus for us. Expenses grew 28%
       to $4.2 million compared with $3.3 million for third quarter of 2009, as we
       continued to build our team in this crucial growth area.
       ●       G&A grew 26% YoY in Q3 of 2010, including certain one-time costs
       associated with the closing of non-operating subsidiaries and with our new offices
       in Brazil. [PAUSE]
       ●       Resulting operating income for Q3´10 was $19.3 million.


Other relevant items from the quarter were: [PAUSE]
       ●      $1.4 million of interest income mainly from conservative fixed income
       investments
       ●      $600 thousand of interest expense and other financial charges; and
       ●      A $354 thousand FX loss, driven by the effect of currency fluctuations on
       the cash and investment balances of our subsidiaries held in the US.

Pre-tax net income was $19.8 million, 59% higher than in same quarter of last year.
Tax expense was $1 million in Q3 of 2010. This represented a blended tax rate of 4.9% vs.
28.6% in Q2 of 2010 and 20.5% in Q3 of 2009, as we benefitted from a reversal of a tax
valuation allowance in Brazil, resulting from our tax planning strategies to use our
accumulated tax loss carry forward credits from acquired companies. [PAUSE]

Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2010 was $18.8 million, reflecting
an increase of 91% when compared with $9.9 million during the same period of 2009. This
represents a 33.6% net income margin, and resulted in a basic net income per common
share of 43 cents. Note that net income grew 109% vs. Q3 of last year when measured in
constant US dollars. [PAUSE]

Net cash provided by operating activities for the 3-month period ended September 30 2010
was $15.9 million, or 28.4% of net revenues.

Capex for the quarter was $6.6 million, including our investment to acquire a new office in
Argentina. Consequently, for the 3-month period ended September 30, 2010, net cash
provided by operating activities less capex, a non-GAAP measure for free cash flow,
totaled $9.2 million.

Cash, short-term investments and long-term investments at the end of the quarter totaled
$116.9 million. [LONG PAUSE]

These results reflect the sound momentum of our business, and the efficient management of
our resources as we deploy initiatives against our stated plan. The levers to promote
increasing use of our payments service on and off MercadoLibre are obviously in place,
and we are eagerly awaiting the fourth quarter, which is typically a strong quarter for
MercadoPago. We also expect to experience a volume boost from holiday season shopping
on our marketplace. Overall, MercadoLibre is poised for excellent growth, the prospects
are promising, and we look forward to managing our business in the context of this great
opportunity.

With that, we will be happy to take your questions. [PAUSE]
