                       MERCADOLIBRE 2Q'21 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

                                                                                          August 4th, 2021

PART I: INTRODUCTION AND DISCLAIMER – INVESTOR RELATIONS

Hello everyone, and welcome to the MercadoLibre earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30th,
2021. I am Lissa Schreurs, Investor Relations Officer for Mercado Libre. Our Chief Financial Officer, Pedro
Arnt, will be leading today’s prepared remarks. Joining him on the line is Chief Executive Officer of
MercadoPago, Osvaldo Giménez, who will be available during today’s Q&A session.

I remind you that management may make forward-looking statements relating to such matters as continued
growth prospects for the company, industry trends and product and technology initiatives. These statements
are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections
about future events.
While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently
available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those included in this conference call, for a variety of reasons,
including those described in the forward-looking statements and risk factor sections of our Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31st, 2020, “Item 1A-Risk Factors” in Part II of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31st, 2021, and any of MercadoLibre, Inc.’s other applicable filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, which are available on our investor relations website.

I will now turn the call over to Pedro…


PART II - OVERVIEW & FINANCIAL RESULTS – PEDRO ARNT

Welcome everyone, and thanks for joining our second quarter 2021 earnings call.

I am pleased to announce that the team here at MercadoLibre delivered another quarter of strong growth in
our commerce and fintech businesses in Q2 2021, achieving record levels in both volume and revenues. This
strong performance builds on the solid first quarter we had this year. We believe that our business is showing
tremendous momentum despite immense volatility in our key markets due to the frequent closing of physical
retail across Latin America. I am proud to see the consistent execution of our plans while prioritizing
innovation, speed of execution and user experience, all elements that are at the core of our corporate DNA.

As hopefully the region, and the world, prepare for a return to a post pandemic reality, we see Latin America
with enormous potential for continued growth in digital services. The last 18 months have generated a step
function increase in digitalization of commerce and finance, setting the stage for sustained long term growth
throughout the region. In its latest 2021 report, eMarketer has pointed to Latin America as the leading region
in the world for ecommerce sales growth, with almost 10 percentage points higher projections than the
worldwide average. Additionally, three of our top markets, Brazil, Argentina and Mexico, were listed among
the top 5 growth markets globally. To deliver on that opportunity, we maintain our focus on executing our
strategic plan, as we have until now.

Taking a more short term look, as the region re-opens, our businesses are scheduled to face tougher
comparable growth rates as we fully lap 2020’s surge. The data so far is encouraging, as it seems to point
to consumer behaviour shifts towards online purchasing having staying power. This preliminary optimism
can be quantified in the two year growth stacks for Total Payments Volume on a consolidated, FX-neutral
basis, which have accelerated from around mid 140% in Q1’21 pre-pandemic, to nearly 200% this past
quarter as economies re-open. We will continue to observe these trends for the second half of the year, as
more reopenings occur across Latin America.


     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 2Q'21. © 2021 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                        MERCADOLIBRE 2Q'21 EARNINGS
                          CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

With those opening remarks, let me now begin our quarterly review with an update of our Commerce
business during the second quarter. For the quarter, the first that compares against a prior year fully affected
by a surge in demand for e-commerce driven by lockdowns, consolidated gross merchandise volume grew
46% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis, reaching over $7 billion dollars. This represents an increase of
almost $1 billion dollars sequentially. We sold almost 245 million items in Q2, a growth of 37% year-over-
year. We also saw improvements in the level of transactions per buyer compared to historic marks, a sign
that we are sequentially driving increased engagement by our users. This quarter we reached a record of
37,8 million unique buyers on our commerce platform alone.

At the segment level, we experienced strong growth in our key geographies. Brazil grew over 40% on an FX
neutral basis versus the prior year in GMV, with over 125 million items sold this quarter. Argentina continues
to post strong GMV growth, reaching over 60% year-over-year, on an FX neutral basis, and with an all time
high number of unique buyers. We are also pleased to see that Mexico, who has eased out of lockdown
restrictions in Q2, having maintained the number of buyers that we attracted in Q1. This led to increasing
the items sold year over year by 30% and growing 29% in GMV on an FX neutral basis during Q2. Finally,
in Chile, where we have called out accelerated growth rates over the last two quarters, we are proud to have
reached a growth of over 230% year over year on an FX neutral basis.

We continue to invest in product breadth and shopping convenience as drivers to attract and retain buyers.
As a result of our commercial efforts to increase assortment with our current and newer sellers across key
categories, we once again grew total live listings this quarter posting another record in selection availability.
Beyond strengthening categories where we historically have a strong GMV, such as auto parts, home and
industries, and consumer electronics, part of the surge in product depth comes from our continued expansion
into consumer packaged goods and our supermarket experience. As an example, our recent partnerships
with local physical food retailers, such as Grupo Pão de Açucar in Brazil, are off to a strong start. Buyer
demand has surpassed our expectations and we began accelerating fulfillment operations to strengthen our
category experience as we look forward to adding more partners for the category. These warehouses will
also help our first-party inventory, which also plays an important role in complementing the product
assortment from partners in this category.

We are also enthused about initiatives that will expand our assortment in Fashion and Apparel. We have
dedicated product development teams working on recently implemented improvements to the search and
navigation aspects of our site to facilitate discovery of items in these categories. Along those lines, apparel
is a key category to be featured in our upcoming live streaming platform which we have already begun
testing over the last few months. With the additions of loved fashion brands and retailers such as Grupo
Restoque, Asics, Nike and the most recent announcement of our partnership with Grupo Arezzo, we believe
we continue making important strides in this category.


As markets gradually continue to reopen, we are directing our investments towards initiatives that will spur
continued growth as well as user engagement and retention. So far this year, marketing investments have
been geared towards stronger promotional events and increasing our coverage of orders with free shipping.
We have also been driving branding campaigns to reinforce our brand’s connection with our users and
merchants. We believe these investments solidify our brand’s trust as a marketplace for frequent purchases,
and expect to continue ramping up investment levels during the second half of the year.

On the retention front, we are encouraged by the positive trends we have observed so far in terms of
engagement through our loyalty program. The users on our loyalty programs premium levels continue to
grow as our user base engages in a growing number of additional MELI services. For example, we see a
consistent increase in users in video and audio content subscriptions that are offered at a discount for loyal
users.


      FINANCIALS & RESULTS 2Q'21. © 2021 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                        MERCADOLIBRE 2Q'21 EARNINGS
                          CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

Along with these efforts in category development, we believe that these marketing and loyalty initiatives are
crystalizing the online shopping habit formation within our marketplace.


Let me now turn over to Mercado Envios, where we have consistently been delivering transformative change.
This is another key area of investment that we believe to be driving a distinctive experience for buyers and
sellers and underlying our sustained growth.

This quarter we shipped over 230 million items, reaching increasingly faster speeds and reduced unit shipping
costs on a consolidated basis. We took another step towards boosting our managed network in Q2, reaching
a penetration of 83% on a consolidated basis, advancing in all geographies where we operate with our
logistics solutions. Fast delivery at an efficient cost is a key priority for us. To keep pushing our boundaries
on this front during the second quarter we launched Same Day shipping deliveries from our Fulfillment
centers in Brazil, Mexico, Argentina and Chile. In Brazil, with our current footprint, the same-day solution
can reach almost 20% of national postal codes.

Beyond our fulfillment operation, fast delivery is also made possible through our expanding cross docking
network and our flex solution. Cross docking represented over 40% of shipments in Q2, leveraging our
extensive network of pick-up and drop-off points throughout the region. Our Flex service, where we leverage
the logistics capabilities of our existing merchants for same-day deliveries, is currently available in five major
cities in Latin America and has a penetration of over 9% on our managed network. With all these adaptive
logistics solutions, we saw sequential improvements in delivery times in Brazil, Argentina and Mexico this
quarter, and on an aggregate level considering all shipping modalities and geographies our average delivery
time is less than a day and a half.

All these Envios initiatives led to the first quarter ever where over half of all purchases on MELI were delivered
the same or next day, we believe this to be a remarkable achievement. We are excited about the great
advances in Shipping we achieved over the last year, and there is still more to come as we take our logistics
expertise to more geographies and cast a wider net in terms of free and same-day deliveries.


Let’s now review our performance for FinTech.

During Q2, MercadoPago surpassed $17.5 billion dollars in total payment volume on a consolidated basis,
growing 72% on an FX-neutral basis year-over-year. This represented a total of almost 730 million
transactions for the quarter, almost 100 million more compared to the first quarter of 2021 and growing
80% year-over-year.

Off platform, TPV grew by 94% compared to Q2’20, reaching $10.3 billion dollars. We were very pleased to
see TPV rising both in B2B and B2C payment solutions.

Starting with the merchant solutions, we are particularly glad to see strong levels of TPV for Online Payments
for the quarter. TPV for Online Payments grew 67% year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis, with strong
advances in Brazil, Argentina and Chile. We are expanding structurally into SME and longtail sellers through
partnerships with other ecommerce platforms, for which we are the standard checkout option. In addition,
the cross selling of online payment services into our mobile point of sale seller base has also been an
important channel for adding merchants.

For Point, our point-of-sale offering, we accelerated TPV growth in the second quarter, delivering 94%
growth year over year on a consolidated, FX-neutral basis. This is the highest TPV growth rate booked for
Point since the onset of the pandemic in 2020, even in the context of continued lockdowns throughout part
of the region. Device sales are still booming, having reached a total of 1.1 million devices sold this quarter,
and with a more premium device mix compared to prior periods. While Brazil continues to drive most of the
      FINANCIALS & RESULTS 2Q'21. © 2021 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 2Q'21 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

growth for Point, we also see consistent traction in Argentina and a rapidly scaling business in Mexico.

       Turning now to B2C solutions, our Wallet business booked a total payment volume growth rate of
107% on a consolidated, FX neutral basis. Our Wallet, as one of the features within our digital account, is
showing multiple signs of improved engagement levels from users, growing 43% in amount of payments per
user, as well as showing sustained growth in average transaction value. In addition, more Wallet users are
keen on investing their savings in the MercadoPago digital account. For the second quarter we reached
almost 19.3 million investment accounts, up from 11.4 million in Q2’2020 and 15.7 million in Q1’2021.

Overall, our payments ecosystem has added and engaged more users in Q2, both payers and collectors,
compared to the previous quarter. We reached over 39 million payers off-platform, with over 15 million
payers just from the Wallet this quarter. On the collectors side, in Q2 we reached 13.6 million total off-
platform sellers, a record for us, and up from 6.9 million during the same period last year.

Over this wide and growing base of users, we are confident that we can continue to overlay financial services
through the digital wallet such as insurance, debit cards, and, more immediately, access to credit loans,
which I will now review in more detail.

       Our Credit business grew significantly in Q2. We originated another record - over 700 million dollars
in credit this quarter. This compares to 133 million in the same period last year. As such, we closed Q2 with
our largest portfolio so far, reaching over 800 million dollars. We see strong and consistent growth from all
three of our credit books: consumers, merchants online and merchants offline.

Credits to consumers, in particular, are driving the most accelerated growth rates and now represents over
50% of our current total portfolio. As an important channel for consumer credit, the ‘Buy Now, Pay Later’
feature for payments within our Wallet has already reached double digit penetration rates in Brazil and
Mexico. On the country level, we had the most significant uptick in originations coming from Mexico this
quarter, and Brazil and Argentina continue to expand at impressive triple-digit growth rates. We have reached
approximately 27 million consumers with approved credit lines in the region by this point, almost 9 times
more than Q2 of last year.

       After the temporary increase in NPLs we had experienced at the beginning of Q1 stemming primarily
from government financial aid user cohorts, we have returned to overall healthy NPL profiles for our credit
book in Q2 and feel confident to keep expanding our credit offering while managing healthy margins after
loss provisions.

       We also expanded the roll out of the MercadoPago proprietary hybrid, NFC enabled, card in Q2, issuing
an additional 4.2 million cards, almost 3 million of which are in Brazil. Particularly in the month of June, we
began to accelerate the credit card distribution and activation for some user cohorts, with many more yet to
activate in the coming quarters. The early responses of our new credit card users are encouraging as they
tend to have higher customer satisfaction with MercadoPago services overall and have been consistently
increasing their credit card use frequency over these initial trial periods.

        We believe that the Credit business is foundational in our efforts to democratize access to money in
Latin America. In a region with high indexes of unbanked and underbanked populations, demand for loans
of all sizes and circumstances is rampant. Our extended marketplace from the commerce and the payments
verticals gives us the infrastructure, expertise, and data to properly score, distribute and manage loans to a
variety of profiles.


With that, let’s now turn to our review of financial results for the second quarter.

I’ll start with the P&L. Following a strong first quarter in terms of revenues, we maintained strong traction
in revenue growth and in Q2 we reached $1.7 billion dollars in net revenues on a consolidated basis, growing
     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 2Q'21. © 2021 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 2Q'21 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

94% in US Dollars and 103% on an FX neutral basis.

At the country level, on an FX neutral basis, Argentina grew 112% and Mexico 76%. In Brazil, on an FX-
neutral basis, we surpassed 100% growth in net revenues this quarter. In all key geographies there was a
significant contribution to revenue growth from both commerce and fintech.

For the quarter, Gross Profit was $754 million dollars at a margin of 44.3%, decreased from 48.6% in Q2 of
2020, but improving compared to the three prior quarters. Margin dilution year over year is largely a
consequence of our expansion of the first party commerce sales, and roll out of logistics fulfillment center
operations. Sequentially, over the last year, we have been leveraging margin expansion in our payment
collection fees and, since Q4’2020, have captured efficiencies in our shipping unit costs. As we do every
quarter, we’ve included a detailed breakdown of these margin effects in the slides accompanying this
presentation, as well as the OPEX margin evolution.

Following the trend from the first quarter, during the second quarter we continue to see scale and efficiency
effects in our operating expenses year over year. Operating expenses were $588 million dollars, which
represents 34.5% of net revenues, sustaining and slightly improving the operating leverage from prior
quarters while maintaining consistent investment levels in product development and sales and marketing
spend.

During the second quarter, we reached strong, triple-digit top-line growth on an FX-neutral basis while
delivering an improvement in EBIT profitability levels. We believe that we are investing towards sustainable
growth and starting to reap some of the scale advantages that flow through our P&L.

Wrapping up our performance highlights for today, a final reflection. For many countries in Latin America,
physical retail is only beginning to reopen, and there is still much uncertainty in the region surrounding the
pandemic. Given this backdrop, our role is to keep expanding our ecosystem by staying committed to
improving our service levels and our reach with our merchant and user bases. In addition, we will continue
committed to investing in both user acquisition as well as improving and investing behind more features and
user experience that improve customer retention and engagement, key factors of sustaining preference for
the digital commerce and financial services that we can offer.

Finally, I would like to thank our now 20 thousand employees and our extended community of partners for
another quarter of outstanding execution.

We are grateful to everyone who has joined our quarterly conference call, and I look forward to sharing our
progress next quarter with you. We are now happy to take your questions.

                                                        THANK YOU




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 2Q'21. © 2021 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
