                 > November 1st, 2023                                                       Q3’23 Results




                           MercadoLibre’s Q3’23 Earnings Video Transcript


  PART I: Introduction and Disclaimer - Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer
        Hello everyone, and welcome to the Mercado Libre earnings conference call for the quarter ended
 September 30th, 2023. Thank you for joining us. I am Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer at Mercado
 Libre.

          Today we will share our quarterly highlights on video, after which we will begin our live Q&A session
 with our CEO, Marcos Galperin, Chief Financial Oﬃcer, Martin de los Santos, Fintech President, Osvaldo
 Gimenez, and Commerce EVP, Ariel Szarfsztejn. Before we go on to discuss our results of the third quarter of
 2023, I remind you that management may make, and this presentation may contain, forward-looking
 statements, so please refer to the disclaimer on screen, which will also be available in our earnings materials
 on our investor relations website.

         Before we go on to discuss our results of the second quarter of 2023, I remind you that management
 may make, and this presentation may contain, forward-looking statements, so please refer to the disclaimer on
 screen, which will also be available in our earnings materials on our investor relations website.

         With that, let’s begin with a summary of our results.


PART II: Overview and Financial Results - Martin de los Santos, Chief Financial Oﬃcer
         Hello everyone, I’m Martin de los Santos, MercadoLibre’s CFO. For those of you who haven’t met me, I
 have been at MELI since 2007, ﬁrst as a board member and since 2012 as part of the management team. For
 the past 7 years, I have led the Credits business until last august when I took the position of CFO. I look
 forward to meeting as many of you as possible in due course.

         I'm pleased to report a strong set of results in my ﬁrst quarter as CFO. With a successful third quarter
 across geographies, 2023 continues to show an attractive combination of growth and proﬁtability, with a new
 record in income from operations.

         With strong momentum across geographies in both Commerce and Fintech, MELI’s revenue growth
 accelerated. Mexico was particularly strong, with revenue growing above 60% year-on-year, whilst Brazil also
 posted a great performance with around 40% growth. These two countries have again increased their
 contribution to our total revenues.

         This strong business growth, combined with cost discipline, led to opex and SG&A dilution as the
 business continues to scale. Income from operations more than doubled year on year for the fourth
 consecutive quarter, with margins expanding once again. Brazil was the largest contributor to our proﬁt
 growth, representing a signiﬁcant portion of it.

          During Q3, in the commerce business, we saw acceleration in GMV and items sold growth in the three
 main geographies, with higher items per buyer. This higher user engagement comes from continued
 experience improvements, especially on the logistics front, where we reached 48% of fulﬁllment penetration
 and oﬀered better delivery promises, improving conversions, and the further development of categories
 through technology. As a result, we had a record of 50 million users and market share gains, especially in
 Brazil and Mexico.
                                                                                             Q3’23 Results



        At Mercado Pago, oﬀ-platform TPV accelerated in all main countries. We saw an increased number of
users and higher engagement metrics, as we position Mercado Pago as a comprehensive ﬁnancial services
provider. On the digital account, we are particularly excited about engagement, with more people using the
remunerated account and other asset management solutions in Brazil and Argentina, and better NPS in
Mexico from UX improvements. In Payments, the highlight for Q3 has been online payment solutions that
presented strong growth across the region.

        The credit business continues to perform within our expectations with very healthy spread levels. As
we saw NPLs improving, in particular in Brazil, we have accelerated originations of all our products. During Q3
we issued over 1 million credit cards and surpassed 1 billion dollars in TPV for the ﬁrst time. As our underwriting
models continue to improve, we can tap into new opportunities such as oﬀering larger credit lines with longer
durations to the best cohorts of consumers.

        Overall, in Q3 we achieved a combination of rapid growth, scale gains and margin improvements,
showing the strength of our economic model. To deliver these results, we have invested in technology that
provides a world class user experience and enables us to be more eﬃcient in terms of our cost structure.
These results give us conﬁdence to continue investing in future growth opportunities.

        And now, back to Richard with business news.


     PART III: Business Highlights - Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer
        During Q3, Mercado Libre re-launched our loyalty program as MELI+, an important step to enhance
our loyalty value proposition, with a simpler structure, more compelling shipping beneﬁts and premium video
and audio content. With MELI+, we now have a brand in which we can invest to raise awareness and increase
engagement with MELI’s ecosystem.

         MELI+ gives users access to a world class content bundle, free shipping above 29 reais and 12 months
with free music from Deezer, among other perks.

      Our content bundle for MELI+ users includes Disney+ and Star+ and special discounts to subscribe to
HBO Max, Paramount+ and Lionsgate+.

        Through Deezer users are able to access a complete library of audio content and music, a service that
we think users will be able to enjoy on a day-to-day basis.

         Users see the MELI+ oﬀering throughout our apps and website, where the value proposition becomes
clear as they shop with us, with the MELI+ logo clearly highlighted, building the brand of the loyalty program.

        The shipping beneﬁts are key to the program. MELI+ users get free shipping on millions of items
above $29 reais, versus the standard free shipping threshold of R$79, if the product is in one of our fulﬁllment
centers and chosen for delivery on the user’s MELI Delivery Day.

         As consumers look for products on MercadoLibre, they will see the MELI+ logo on the products that
are eligible and they can ﬁlter their search for MELI+ items.

       As a new delivery option, loyalty users can choose a speciﬁc day of the week to receive all their
packages. This solution enables us to sell and deliver lower value items with the great experience that MELI is
known for whilst maintaining cost discipline in our P&L.

        Users still have the option for same and next day delivery if they want their items delivered quickly, if
they are willing to pay for shipping on items below the free shipping threshold, or for free for items above the
threshold.
                                                                                          Q3’23 Results




        To access all of these beneﬁts, users can subscribe or earn their way in organically by engaging with
MELI’s ecosystem. Subscribing is quick and easy, and users choose between a credit card, automatic charge
from their Mercado Pago account or a monthly invoice, so the subscription is accessible for diﬀerent types of
users. We are able to oﬀer buyers the full beneﬁts bundle for just the equivalent to 2-3 paid shipping charges.

       For users who earn points by shopping with MercadoLibre to get the MELI+ membership, our credit
card oﬀers the double of points, enabling users to reach the loyalty status more quickly.

        In August we launched a big marketing campaign to raise awareness of the program, and initial results
give us conﬁdence that MELI+ complements our value proposition, bringing extensive beneﬁts to even more
MercadoLibre users.

        We’re conﬁdent in the program’s long-term potential because, as always at Mercado Libre, the best is
yet to come.



                                                Thank you




 > CONTACT:
   MercadoLibre, Inc.
    Investor Relations
    investor@mercadolibre.com

    http://investor.mercadolibre.com
