Mercado Libre
Fourth Quarter 2017 Results

Investor Relations
This presentation may make forward-looking statements relating to such matters as continued growth prospects for
the company, industry trends and product and technology initiatives.

These statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and
projections about future events. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable
in view of currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those included in this presentation, for a variety of reasons,
including those described in the forward-looking statements and risk factor sections of our 10-Q and other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on our investor relations website.
(http://investor.mercadolibre.com)

A reconciliation of Non-GAAP measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures can be found in our fourth
quarter 2017 earnings press release available on our investor relations website.

All of the information included in this presentation is updated as of December 31th, 2017. Except as may be
required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to publicly update or revise our statements.




                                                                                                                           2
Sustaining Rapid Growth in Sold Items
Maintaining momentum in unit volume growth vs. last quarter and accelerating vs. LY reaching 81.2M




        Successful Items Evolution per Quarter (M)    Successful Items YoY Growth Evolution by Country




                                                                                                         3
Accelerating Gross Merchandise Volume
Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, and Chile continue with solid GMV growth




            USD GMV Evolution per Quarter                GMV YoY Growth Evolution by Country (LC)




                                                                                                    4
Unique Buyers Also Accelerating
Unique Buyers accelerated sequentially and YoY to 34.5% (vs. 31.1% LQ and 22.8% LY)




                  Unique Buyers                             Unique Buyer Growth by Country




                                                                                             5
Driving More User Engagement
Customer acquisition & branding investments along with improvements in user experience, new product
features and free shipping and loyalty programs continue accelerating successful items per buyer



         Annual Successful Items per Unique Buyer   Successful Item per Unique Buyer Growth by Country




                                                                                                         6
Supply Side Metrics Trending Positively
Maintaining momentum in Seller growth and Live Listings




               Unique Sellers Growth                      Live Listings (M)




                                                                              7
Mobile is Now Larger tan Desktop
Mobile GMV penetration grew 1200 bps YoY to 50% for all MELI versus 38% LY




      Mobile Gross Merchandise Volume Penetration by Platform         Mobile Gross Merchandise Volume Penetration by Country




                                                                50%
39%




                                                                                                                               8
Shipping Adoption Continues to Rise
Items shipped grew 87% YoY reaching 48M items boosted by free shipping, loyalty, customer acquisition &
branding investments



          Successful Items Shipped per Quarter      Mercado Envíos Successful Items Penetration by Country




                                                                                                             9
Payments Gaining Traction On and Off Marketplace
Solid execution both on and off our Marketplace driving strong gains in TPV during the quarter




  Mercado Pago On Marketplace Penetration (TPV on as a % of GMV)   Off Marketplace TPV Share (TPV off as a % of Total TPV)




                                                                                                                             10
TPV Off Marketplace Growing in Most Countries
Solid execution particularly in Brazil, Chile an Argentina



        Total Payment Volume Off Platform USD M              Total Payment Volume Growth YoY by country (LC)




                                                                                                               11
Financial Results
Fourth Quarter 2017 Results
    Net Revenues
    Net Revenues for Q4 2017 accelerated to 70.5% YoY reaching a record $437.0M



                        Consolidated Revenues per Quarter                       LC Revenue Growth by Country




(*)Excludes results of operations of Venezuela for the fourth quarter of 2017                                  13
    Marketplace & Non-Marketplace Revenues
    Solid Marketplace & Non- Marketplace revenue growth exceeding 70% growth on an FX neutral basis



                                 Marketplace Revenues                           Non-Marketplace Revenues




(*)Excludes results of operations of Venezuela for the fourth quarter of 2017                              14
Q4 2017 Gross Margin vs. Last Year




                                     15
Q4 2017 EBIT Margin vs. Last Year




                                    *




*S&W includes S&W of G&Á+PD+S&M         16
Q4 2017 Net Income Margin vs. Last Year




                                          17
Q&A
Fourth Quarter 2017 Results
