                 > February 22st, 2024                                                      Q4’23 Results




                           MercadoLibre’s Q4’23 Earnings Video Transcript


  PART I: Introduction and Disclaimer - Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer
          Hello everyone, and welcome to the Mercado Libre earnings conference call for the quarter ended
 December 31st, 2023. Thank you for joining us. I am Richard Cathcart, Mercado Libre’s Investor Relations
 Oﬃcer.
          Today we will share our quarterly highlights on video, after which we will begin our live Q&A session
 with our CEO, Marcos Galperin, Chief Financial Oﬃcer, Martin de los Santos, Fintech President, Osvaldo
 Gimenez, and Commerce EVP, Ariel Szarfsztejn. Before we go on to discuss our results of the fourth quarter of
 2023, I remind you that management may make or refer to, and this presentation may contain, forward-looking
 statements and non-GAAP measures, so please refer to the disclaimer on screen, which will also be available
 in our earnings materials on our investor relations website.
          With that, let’s begin with a summary of our results.




PART II: Overview and Financial Results - Martin de los Santos, Chief Financial Oﬃcer
           Hello everyone,
           I’m delighted to share that Mercado Libre delivered solid results in Q4, marking a strong conclusion to
 an outstanding year. Overall, 2023 highlighted the strength of our ﬁnancial model and its future potential, as
 well as the powerful impact of the compounding of several years of investment in technology.
           For our Commerce business, it was a year of accelerated growth and market share gains in most
 countries. We achieved this by continuing to make improvements in the value proposition for buyers and
 sellers in our marketplace.
            I would like to highlight three important initiatives that contributed to our success in commerce:
           1) We continue to invest in having the widest product assortment in order to oﬀer the best buying
 experience to consumers. A key contributor to this was the acceleration of our ﬁrst-party business, particularly
 in Brazil where it grew by 81% in 2023.
           2) We continued expanding our logistics network, with record fulﬁllment penetration of almost 50%,
 which provided an improved user experience to our buyers. This resulted in faster shipping and fewer late
 deliveries, particularly around the Christmas season
           3) Our Ads business continues to deliver impressive results, growing revenues at an accelerated pace.
 During 2023 we onboarded almost 50,000 new advertisers who appreciate the value of promoting their
 products on our pan regional platform
           On the Fintech Front, Mercado Pago maintained its strong momentum as users and merchants
 continue to adopt our services.
           In Acquiring we delivered solid TPV growth and gained market share in most countries where we
 operate, both in online and instore payment. We made improvements in approval rates and deployed new
 features that enabled us to move up market, enhancing our value proposition to SMBs.
           In Fintech Services, we have expanded our product oﬀerings and made improvements to user
 experience. The increased engagement with our products resulted in Mercado Pago achieving the milestone
 of surpassing 50 million active users in a single quarter.
           The Credit business continues to be an important piece of our Fintech strategy and it delivered
 another quarter of strong results, with accelerated growth and solid spreads as we continue to cautiously
 manage risk.
           During Q4 MELI delivered strong ﬁnancial results. Revenues grew by 42% YoY, accelerating both
 Fintech as well as commerce due to the strong execution during the peak season and investments we made
 throughout the year.
                                                                                           Q3’23 Results



         For the quarter, we delivered a 13.4% EBIT margin, excluding one oﬀ expenses from previous years as
explained in the Letter to Shareholders.
         This represents margin improvement from Q4 2022, while we continue to invest in building our
logistics infrastructure, supporting our MELI+ loyalty program and expanding our credit card oﬀering.
         Following our strong ﬁnancial performance in 2023, it is a good time to reﬂect on the journey over the
past six years. During that time frame, we multiplied our revenues by 10x, while achieving signiﬁcant
improvements in proﬁtability, culminating in nearly $2bn of Income from Operations in 2023.
         In recent years, we have increased our investment in technology which enabled us to launch multiple
products and services and make signiﬁcant improvements in user experience. We have grown our
development team by more than 10,000 in the last three years alone and currently have almost 16,000
engineers that are constantly working to create the best experience for all of our users. We remain committed
to our technology-led strategy in order to continue delivering sustainable results for MELI.
         We enter 2024 with optimism about our growth opportunities and conﬁdence in our capacity to
continue to execute on our strategy.
         Now, back to Richard to share some product initiatives for 2023.




     PART III: Business Highlights - Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer
         As a technology company with more than 15 thousand developers, launching new products and
features is at the heart of our business, as we continue to innovate. Innovation is about new products and
businesses, but it is also about being attentive to and passionate about detail, and solving multiple small
customer pain points that compound into a great customer experience.
         2023 was no diﬀerent, we’ve launched several new products and services, such as the MELI+ loyalty
program, MELI Delivery Day, credit card for consumers in Mexico and for businesses in Brazil, amongst many
other things. We’ve also vastly improved our core products with several new experiences that build onto our
value proposition, as we continue to strive to oﬀer our users the best experience. Today, we want to share
some of this years highlights.
         In commerce, we continue to look at the speciﬁc needs of each vertical to improve the user
experience, as we believe this will drive oﬄine consumption online. In 2023, we considerably improved the
navigation in fashion, apparel and sports, with standardized ﬁlters across brands and sellers, enabling
consumers to ﬁnd what they need more quickly. On the product page, users can also see the “More like this”
section to ﬁnd similar items to a product that the user has clicked on, rather than simply going back to the
search results. This feature is powered by Artiﬁcial Intelligence.
         AI based features are already an integral part of the MELI experience, with many innovations launched
in 2023, including:
   ●     A summary of customer reviews on the product pages that concentrates the main feedback from
         buyers of that product.
   ●     On beauty product pages a summary of product functions and characteristics is automatically created
         to facilitate buyers choices.
   ●     Push notiﬁcations about items left unpurchased in shopping carts are now highly personalized and
         remind users why they may have chosen to buy a particular product.
   ●     We have also added an AI feature that helps sellers to respond to questions by preparing answers that
         sellers can send immediately, or edit quickly.
         To deliver a better experience for our sellers, we launched a new version of the seller hub, where they
can see all of the promotional campaigns available for them to participate in. A new pricing tool also enables
sellers to easily compare prices with competitors and / or similar products, and receive insights and
recommendations on how to boost sales.
         In 2023, we also relaunched our Ads tech stack. An automated buying platform was launched for
Display Ads, accompanied by live reports and unique insight analysis. We enhanced our bidding algorithm for
Product Ads and introduced new placements on search and product pages that give more visibility to
sponsored products. Our Brand Ads solution was also launched as a mid funnel campaign option to enhance
consideration for brands.
                                                                                             Q3’23 Results



          Our stack also now includes a feature for agencies to be able to manage diﬀerent brands through the
platform. Brands, sellers and oﬃcial stores can delegate certain products, or even the whole assortment, to a
speciﬁc agency. The agencies are now able to manage all accounts delegated to them in one place.
          And to expand the possibilities given to advertisers, a new tool of custom audiences was launched,
and later expanded, enabling advertisers to use ﬁlters to create an inﬁnite combination of audiences for their
campaigns.
          Finally in Advertising, MELI Play was launched as an ads based streaming platform. Through a revenue
share model with studios, we are able to oﬀer free content to our users across the region, enabling us to
explore a new revenue stream for Ads.
           In logistics, most of the technological improvements were “behind the scenes” and were crucial in
helping us to maintain costs broadly stable as a % of GMV whilst expanding fulﬁllment penetration. We
optimized routes from ﬁrst to last mile, fulﬁllment center processes and demand prediction. One more tangible
example in fulﬁllment is the recent implementation of a robotics pilot to automate the picking process and gain
eﬃciency.
          On the UX front, buyers are now notiﬁed that their package is being delivered, and can follow it
through their app.
          For sellers that adopt fulﬁllment, an enhanced tool to manage inventory brings intelligence to the
process, ﬂagging products that need to be replenished, how many units should be sent to us, among other
insights.
          At Mercado Pago, we continue to innovate as we consolidate our position as one of the region’s
leading Fintechs. In the Acquiring business, the launch of the Mercado Pago Tap brings a free POS option to
merchants by turning their cellphones into a tool to receive payments via NFC technology.
          We have also improved the pairing process of mobile POS devices with merchants’ cellphones’ and
worked behind the scenes to reduce processing times, which had a positive impact in NPS and helped
improve the experience for merchants and buyers.
          And in Fintech Services, MELI continued to search for ways to facilitate ﬁnancial inclusion. During the
second quarter we launched our micro credit cards, with smaller limits, which enable consumers to start
building a credit score and take advantage of the possibilities a credit card brings - for many, the ﬁrst one ever.
          Innovations in credit enabled us to achieve new users. For oﬄine merchants, we now oﬀer a business
credit card, using open ﬁnance to contribute to scoring. For consumers in our lower risk cohorts, a new
product enables them to opt for larger, longer duration loans in our app, personalizing it to their needs and
expanding the use cases of our credit product.
          As our product stack expands, we have focused on facilitating and simplifying navigation around all
the diﬀerent products available on MercadoPago. Our digital account home page combines the most used
features, such as transfers, credit limits, utility payments, investment positions and insurance, adapting to the
user’s proﬁle. We have seen increased traﬃc to all of our key digital account products as a result.
          With more personalization, we now have a seller home page that prioritizes the features most needed
on the day to day of merchants that use Mercado Pago.
          Digital account users in Brazil can now see a summary of their monthly activity on a personalized
report, an enhancement that brings more information about their ﬁnancial status to the user.. On this
touchpoint, new oﬀerings that can begin to be used are also shown.
          All of the innovations oﬀered by Mercado Libre and Mercado Pago continue to have a deep intrinsic
impact in Latin America by generating economic and ﬁnancial inclusion for entrepreneurs and individuals. A
recent report in partnership with Euromonitor shows that Mercado Libre is the main source of income for 1.8
million families in the region and that for 54.4% of users in the region, Mercado Pago was the ﬁrst digital
payment method available to them.
          This was just a snapshot of the innovations delivered by our teams during 2023; in 2024 our users can
expect even more because at MELI, the best is yet to come.


                                                  Thank you
                                      Q3’23 Results




> CONTACT:
  MercadoLibre, Inc.
   Investor Relations
   investor@mercadolibre.com

   http://investor.mercadolibre.com
