                      MELI Q4’12 Earnings Conference Script
                                                                      Date: February 25, 2013

MERCADOLIBRE 4Q12 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



Part I: Introduction and Disclaimer – Investor Relations

Hello everyone, and welcome to the MercadoLibre earnings conference call for the quarter
ended December 31st, 2012. My name is Alex de Aboitiz and I am the head of Investor
Relations for Mercadolibre. Our senior manager presenting today is Pedro Arnt, Chief
Financial Officer. Additionally, Marcos Galperin, Chief Executive Officer, will be
available during today’s Q&A session. This conference call is also being broadcast over the
Internet and is available through the investor relations section of our website. [PAUSE]

I remind you that management may make forward-looking statements relating to such
matters as continued growth prospects for the company, industry trends and product and
technology initiatives. These statements are based on currently available information and
our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. While we
believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable, in view of the
currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed
in this call, for a variety of reasons, including those described in the forward-looking
statements and risk factor sections of our 10-K and other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which are available on our investor relations website. [PAUSE]

Now, let me turn the call over to Pedro.

Part II: Overview & Financial Results – Pedro Arnt

Thanks Alex, and good afternoon to everyone.

Today we will be reviewing what has been another successful year in MercadoLibre’s
evolution. We feel that over the past 12 months we have continued to take important steps
in improving what has become the leading e-commerce ecosystem in Latin America. Our
combination of marketplaces, payments, classifieds and advertising solutions, alongside a
growing number of services tied to each of these, now offers a more comprehensive set of
e-commerce tools for online buyers and sellers throughout the region than ever before.

[PAUSE]
Let me start out the recap of our results by providing you with an overview of key business
metrics for the year, and a recap of our main initiatives and progress towards our strategic
objectives.

Summing up our year-on-year performance in 2012:

   •   Items sold on our marketplace grew 28%, to 67.4 million

   •   Gross Merchandise Volume grew 29% in constant currencies, to $5.7 billion

   •   Transactions through MercadoPago, our payments service grew 64%, to 23.5
       million

   •   Total Payment Volume grew 56% in constant currencies, to $1.8 billion

Revenues grew 39% in constant currencies, to $373.6 million

And Net Income grew 44% in constant currencies, to $101.3 million…

... surpassing $100 million in annual Net Income for the first time, a noteworthy
accomplishment. It is interesting to note that 5 years ago, the year of our IPO, our top-line
was only $85 million, showing the potential for rapid growth that we believe will continue
to be a key trend of our business, as e-commerce in Latin America grows.

More importantly, at MercadoLibre we remain convinced that innovating on behalf of our
customers is what allows internet companies to thrive. This conviction explains our
constant focus on improving user experience while adding new formats, features and
services to our business portfolio. Consequently, our strategic goals and plan continue to be
structured around leveraging innovative technology to facilitate more, and more efficient,
transactions for our users.

At the beginning of 2012 we laid out a series of initiatives that we believed had the
potential to positively impact the user experience on our ecosystem and thus drive long
term growth. These were: continued payments expansion (both on and off platform),
mobile commerce, an open platform approach, vertically expanding into more categories,
offering shipping and fulfillment services, and upgrading our Customer Experience
operations. Let me now review the advances on each of these:

[PAUSE]

   •   Let’s start with MercadoPago, our payments solution. On-platform MercadoPago
       has gained penetration of our marketplace consistently, gaining almost 200 basis
       points by the end of the year, measured versus the same quarter last year. Much of
       this penetration growth occurs organically, as buyers make the natural transition to
       paying online, simplifying their shopping experience. Additionally, value added
    offerings we have structured such as financing options and our buyer protection
    program create additional incentives for transactions to settle through MercadoPago.

    Simultaneously, we continue to proactively yet cautiously channel a growing
    number of transactions through our payments solution by making MercadoPago
    settlement obligatory for certain buyers and sellers, based on reputation, and on
    certain product categories where mandatory usage of MercadoPago is most
    beneficial. As we continue to improve and streamline this obligatory payment
    process, with simplified options and highlighted benefits, we expect to become
    more aggressive in expanding MercadoPago penetration.

    [PAUSE]

    Off-platform MercadoPago was the another very important driver of our growth in
    payments during 2012. Our client acquisition efforts continue to complement the
    very healthy growth of existing accounts, allowing off-platform processing to post
    triple digit growth for the year, as we saw significant adoption of MercadoPago
    among certain vertical online retail categories. [PAUSE]

•   Moving on to our mobile initiative, which was introduced in the fourth quarter of
    2011, it is encouraging to report that by the end of 2012 it already contributes with
    almost 10% of our daily traffic and nearly than much GMV. This is definitely an
    exciting trend, and one we will continue to support through product initiatives, such
    as the recent integration of both our payments and shipping solutions into our
    mobile checkout. [PAUSE]

•   Another strategic objective we remain firmly committed to is our open platform
    initiative. You may recall that early in the fourth quarter we publicly launched our
    marketplace API and hosted our first ever MercadoLibre Developer Conference. A
    growing number of developers and potential partners are working with our APIs to
    develop tools and integrations for third parties wishing to transact on our
    marketplaces. We look forward to seeing many of these go live during the course of
    the next few quarters. [PAUSE]

•   Moving on to our work with vertical product categories, there have also been
    important inroads made throughout the year. We have substantially upgraded our
    real estate categories through a complete re-design of the user experience, improved
    commercial coverage of realtors and developers, and technology integrations that
    allow us to integrate listings from other real estate websites. As a result, listings and
    traffic in the category have shown solid growth. Additionally, we continue to
    advance on the other vertical category we identified as key for the year, apparel.
    The advances there have been: increased supply throughout the category, new
    features that make it easier for sellers to handle inventory, and improved search that
       has made it easier for shoppers to find what they want. These initiatives have
       helped us grow our non-consumer electronics product mix considerably in 2012.
       As e-commerce penetrates traditional retail across all product categories, we will
       continue to offer more vertical formats to match this growing demand.

       [PAUSE]

   •   MercadoEnvíos, our integrated shipping solution, is a promising new strategic
       driver for our business. While its penetration of our volume is still small, we are
       seeing rapid growth in its seller base and in the transaction volumes being serviced..
       As results prove positive, we are widening the base of sellers onboard in Brazil, and
       are also laying the groundwork to launch our shipping platform in other markets.

   •   Finally, Customer Experience is the final strategic initiative we outlined. By year-
       end, we completed a successful migration of our CRM tools to Salesforce.com, and
       opened new customer experience centers in Uruguay and Venezuela. This is
       resulting in improved customer satisfaction, retention rates, and a Net Promoter
       Score that grew year-on-year in both Brazil and Spanish-speaking countries. We
       are pleased with our success, which validates the need to keep up our efforts and
       investments in Customer Service in order to continue seeing returns by way of user
       satisfaction and engagement.

[LONG PAUSE]

Looking forward, we expect 2013 to be a year of continued execution on the vision laid out
and deployed in 2012, understanding that we have identified the correct set of ongoing
initiatives that will take our business to the next level, and now need to consistently execute
behind them. Therefore, we expect 2013 to be a year where we focus on:

   •   Growth in payments and shipping, eventually including fulfillment initiatives, that
       allows us to eliminate friction points while ensuring the best possible shopping
       experience and level of service on our platform. Hand in hand with and excellent
       customer experience team, assisting through multiple channels at each stage of a
       transaction, these initiatives will continue to add growing value through our
       platform.

   •   Our mobile and verticals offerings allow us to adapt to the changing demands of
       consumers shopping from new devices, and for a wider array of products. We want
       to stay at the forefront of these trends that increase our ubiquity in the e-commerce
       space.
    •   Finally, our work on open technology will allow third parties, retailers and
        developers alike, to take advantage of our platform to grow, and in some cases
        build their businesses, thus enabling MercadoLibre to position itself as an operating
        system of sorts for our region’s e-commerce.

[PAUSE]

As you can see, these are all transformative processes aimed at meeting the full potential of
what is already the largest and most complete e-commerce hub in our region. We look
forward to keeping you updated as we make this happen.



[LONG PAUSE]

With that, let’s now focus on our most recent quarter, starting with a detailed overview of
our key operational metrics. Growth rates are year-on-year unless specified otherwise, and
I will include constant currency growths when applicable, to give a better idea of how our
business is growing without foreign exchange headwinds. [PAUSE]

In the fourth quarter of 2012:

•       4.3 million new users registered on our site, growing our base of confirmed
registered users 24% year on year.

•       Successful items grew 19%, reaching 19.0 million.

•       Number of payment transactions grew 43%, to 6.7 million.

•       Gross Merchandise Volume was $1.6 billion, growing 14% in USD and 21% in
local currencies.

•       And Total payment volume reached $525 million, growing 30% in USD and 47% in
local currencies.

[PAUSE]

This positive performance flowed through to our P&L. Also in the fourth quarter of 2012:

•      Net revenues were $103.8 million, growing 20% in USD and 31% in local
currencies.

•       Gross profit margin was 73.6%.

•     Income from operations was $39.1 million, with an operating income margin of
37.7%. Year-on-year, operating income grew 35% in USD and 50% in local currencies.
•     Net Income before Income/Asset Tax Expense was $42.2 million, growing 37% in
USD and 50% in local currencies.

•       Net income was $30.2 million, a 40% year-on-year growth in USD, and 48% in
local currencies. This resulted in EPS of 69 cents for the quarter.

[LONG PAUSE]

Addressing our top-line first, solid growth in each of our revenue streams came despite the
toughest comparisons of the year. Our improved platform was newly launched at this time
last year, gaining the most traction during the fourth quarter of 2011, particularly in Brazil.
The result is an expected deceleration in our successful items this quarter, mitigated by a
sequential lift in average selling prices as consumers raised their spending in the holiday
season, resulting in a slight acceleration in local currency GMVe.

Core marketplace revenues grew practically at the rate of our GMVe, since there was no
significant impact from pricing or mix shift.

[PAUSE]

Revenues outside of our core marketplace represented 30% in the fourth quarter of 2012,
up from 27% in the same period last year.

Total payments revenues grew 51% in local currencies, year on year in the fourth quarter.
This results from off-platform processing fees that kept outpacing the rest of our ecosystem
on volume strength, and continued growth of installment purchases through MercadoPago.

Classifieds & Advertising both performed strongly throughout the year, and continued to
do so in the last 3 months of 2012, growing at a rate of 46% in constant currencies in the
fourth quarter. This combined growth is led by a strong Classifieds listings momentum,
upgrades and better monetization that one year ago.

[PAUSE]

Here is the breakdown of our top-line growth broken down for our largest countries. In the
fourth quarter consolidated net revenues in local currencies grew 19% for Brazil, 62% for
Argentina, 19% for Mexico, and 43% for Venezuela.

Wrapping up our top-line, even after factoring in our step function in volume at the end of
last year which had its largest impact on Brazil, our total revenues in constant currencies
grew at an above market rate of 31%.

[LONG PAUSE]

Let’s move on to the rest of our P&L:
Gross profit grew 16% in the fourth quarter, to $76.4 million. Gross profit margin was
73.6% of revenues, versus 76.0% in the fourth quarter of 2011, and 73.6% also in the third
quarter of 2012. Gross margin contraction versus last year results from our faster growth in
payments, which is a lower gross margin business. COGS from payments grew at the rate
of total payment volume, representing approximately 270 bps in margin contraction, while
incremental expenses primarily related to our investments in hosting and customer service
represented 67 bps in margin contraction. These effects were partially offset by efficiencies
in sales related taxes, generating 92 bps in margin improvement.

Operating expenses for the period totaled $37.2 million, only 1% higher than in the fourth
quarter of 2011. Operating expenses as a percent of revenues were 35.9% in the fourth
quarter, versus 42.5% for the same period last year, as our business showed impressive
scale which I will now break down by line item:

[PAUSE]

Sales & marketing, our largest line item expense, decreased 1% to $19.2 million, dropping
to 18.5% of revenues, vs. 22.4% for the same period last year, as we continue to improve
our bad debt ratio in addition to posting improved returns on our marketing spend.

Bad debt fell from 7.1% of revenues in the fourth quarter of 2011 to 4.0% of revenues in
the fourth quarter of 2012, a 311 bps improvement resulting from increased efficiency in
our collections efforts, and also including a non-recurring $900 thousand recovery that
aided margins by 87 bps.

 Online and offline marketing decreased 8% year-on-year as we optimized our mix of
traffic sources, scaling a combined 158 bps on both of these concepts.

On one additional note: We are pleased to report that our work around scoring and
remedies led to the lowest rate of chargebacks over total payment volume in the year, an
issue we have highlighted as an unexpected operational challenge during past quarters. In
the fourth quarter, this expense line scaled versus last year despite being a function of
payments, which grow faster than our average revenues.

[PAUSE]

Product Development expenses also fell 1% to $6.7 million, representing 6.4% of revenues
in the fourth quarter versus 7.8% in the same period last year. Scale was driven by a $644
thousand accrual related to our long term retention program in the fourth quarter of 2011,
and greater capitalization of salaries versus the prior year fourth quarter.

[PAUSE]
G&A grew 7% year-over-year to $11.4 million in the fourth quarter, contributing additional
natural scale to our business, going from 12.3% of revenues in the fourth quarter of 2011,
to 10.9% of revenues in the current quarter.

[PAUSE]

As a result, operating income for the fourth quarter of 2012 was $39.1 million. Operating
income margin for the quarter was 37.7% vs. 33.5% in the fourth quarter of 2011.

Below Operating Income, we benefited from $2.9 million of interest income, $100
thousand short of last year due to lower interest rates, while forex was positive $488
thousand, surpassing $272 thousand in the fourth quarter of 2011.

With this, we arrive at a pre-tax income of $42.2 million, 37% higher than in the same
quarter of last year in USD and 50% higher in local currencies.

In the fourth quarter income tax expense was $12 million, resulting in a blended tax rate of
28.4% versus 29.9% in the fourth quarter of 2011 and 27.5% in the third quarter of 2012.
The year on year improvement in our blended tax rate resulted from Argentina’s higher
share of revenues in the current quarter versus the same period a year ago. Let me remind
you that we continued to be the beneficiaries of a tax advantage in that country throughout
2012.

[PAUSE]

Net income for the three months ended December 31, 2012 was $30.2 million, 40% higher
than last year’s $21.6 million. Net income in local currencies grew an impressive 48% year-
on-year in the fourth quarter.

[PAUSE]

Net income margin was 29.2% in the fourth quarter versus 25.0% for the same quarter of
2011, resulting in a basic net income per common share of 69 cents.

[PAUSE]

Property & equipment and intangible asset purchases for the quarter totaled $5.1 million,
and consequently, for the period ended December 31, 2012, net cash provided by operating
activities less purchases of property, equipment and intangible assets, totaled $51.1 million,
versus $25.1 million last year.

Cash, short-term investments and long-term investments at the end of the quarter totaled
$281 million.

[LONG PAUSE]
Wrapping up my review, our financial performance was robust in the fourth quarter, ending
the year on a note of strong earnings, and with a very solid balance sheet. As noted, we
recorded our first ever quarter of over $100M in revenues, and our first year of over $100M
in Net Income.

As we enter 2013, we believe we are in an optimal position to keep pursuing the growth
initiatives discussed today, and to continue investing in this virtuous cycle that brings value
to our users and investors, and keeps us at the forefront of our region’s e-commerce. We
look forward to the work and to the opportunities we have ahead of us this year, and also to
keeping you informed along the way.

With that, we will now take your questions.
