                       MERCADOLIBRE 3Q’20 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

                                                                                         November 4th, 2020

PART I: INTRODUCTION AND DISCLAIMER – INVESTOR RELATIONS


       Hello everyone, and welcome to the MercadoLibre earnings conference call for the quarter ended
September 30th, 2020. I am Federico Sandler, Investor Relations Officer for MercadoLibre. Our senior
manager presenting today is Pedro Arnt, Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Osvaldo Giménez, CEO of
Mercado Pago will be available during today’s Q&A session.

         I remind you that management may make forward-looking statements relating to such matters as
continued growth prospects for the company, industry trends and product and technology initiatives. These
statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and
projections about future events. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are
reasonable in view of the currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call,
for a variety of reasons, including those described in the forward-looking statements and risk factors
sections of our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, “Item 1A-Risk Factors” in Part II of our Form
10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and September 30, 2020, and any of MercadoLibre, Inc.’s other
applicable filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on our investor
relations website. Finally, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may
discuss some non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP
measures can be found in our third quarter 2020 earnings press release available on our investor relations
website.

        Now, let me turn the call over to Pedro...

PART II - OVERVIEW & FINANCIAL RESULTS – PEDRO ARNT

        Hi everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call.

        Before we begin, I’d like to express our continued thoughts and well wishes to those affected by
COVID-19, both at our company and everywhere. We particularly extend our immense gratitude,
appreciation and recognition to those who continue to help us combat this unprecedented global health
crisis.

        Getting to our results, MercadoLibre recorded another strong quarter, driven by high demand for
e-commerce and fintech services. Brazil, Chile, and Colombia delivered very strong results in both
ecommerce and fintech, while our Mexican operation is still experiencing robust growth despite slight
deceleration.

        Let me dive deeper starting with the third quarter e-commerce progress report.

          Increased demand continued during the third quarter despite the gradual reopening of physical
retail throughout the region.

        We attribute this to improved service levels and the incremental depth of assortment with which
we served millions of buyers during the quarter. In this particular regard, during the quarter we surpassed
the 300 million milestone in live listings, reaching 304 million.




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 3Q‘20. © 3020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 3Q’20 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



        Since the beginning of the pandemic, we’ve observed that buyers have diversified their purchases
across a wider range of verticals on our platform. This in turn activates and engages them in a greater
number of services and increases overall purchase frequency. This step up in online purchasing has been
stable across all sites in the region.

         MercadoLibre’s Consolidated GMV growth accelerated to 117% YoY on an FX neutral basis.

        At the regional level, Brazil and Argentina accelerated to 74% and 242% YoY on an FX neutral
basis respectively. Mexico’s performance is notable given how COVID-19 impacted that region, delivering
yet another quarter of GMV growth above 100% YoY, also on an FX neutral basis. The growth of our
Mexican business has been remarkable over the past few quarters. In fact, if we were to adjust our GMV
growth for the blue chip exchange rate in Argentina, rather than the official exchange rate, our Mexican
business is already at a size comparable to that of Argentina. This is a clear indicator of not only the
phenomenal execution we have delivered, but the large opportunity that still lies ahead of us in Mexico.

         Brazil’s excellent performance can be explained by our ability to identify and act on opportunities
for improvement in overall execution, product development, and commercial initiatives that involved the
selection and value proposition on sub-categories where we had lower market share.

          During the quarter, these initiatives resulted in the launch of pricing per category, renewed focus
on under-represented sub categories, growth in official store mix, improved rebate programs for
merchants, increases in payment approval rates, and post-sale service enhancements for sellers and
buyers. Fundamentally, we also continue to drive penetration on our managed network, which is the key
pillar to generate better customer satisfaction and stickiness.

        Consequently, these initiatives have translated into market share gains across Brazilian
ecommerce as well as gains across key consumer electronics categories. Additionally, we also improved
our Net Promoter Score by offering buyers some of the fastest delivery times in Brazil when items are
shipped from our fulfillment centers.

         Countries in the Andean region continued to outperform well above year opening expectations
particularly Chile but also the case in Colombia.

         During the quarter, we launched a few important product initiatives that we believe will help us
scale faster while improving the end-to-end shopping experience in those countries. And, on the logistics
front we continued expanding our services. Our Flex app is now available in Chile and Colombia while we
continue to scale our fulfillment services in parallel. These are important initiatives within our ecosystem
that we believe will help bridge the gap in terms of delivery times, and position MercadoLibre extremely
well in those markets.

        Looking ahead, we will continue deploying our ecosystemic solutions in the Andean region in line
with the offerings already available in our main countries as we move into Q4 and 2021.

        On the commerce demand side, unique buyers reached an all-time high of 35 million during the
third quarter of 2020. This growth YoY in unique buyers was achieved not only by being able to
successfully retain existing users but also by maintaining momentum in the growth of new buyers. During
the quarter we added 2 million unique buyers in Brazil. Retention of early cohorts also continues to
improve.

        On a category basis, looking at Consumer Electronics, a key vertical for us, we observed
acceleration to approximately 100% YoY growth on a consolidated basis during the third quarter.

     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 3Q‘20. © 3020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 3Q’20 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



        Specifically in Brazil the performance improvement in this vertical can be explained in part by
greater corporate focus and execution, the rollout of our dynamic pricing structure and greater investment
on performance marketing to reposition our platform as a go to destination for this specific vertical.

        Another key vertical for us, Consumer Packaged Goods grew at a robust 181% YoY on a
consolidated basis during the third quarter of 2020.

        For all our top geos, within the CPG vertical, product launches, product enhancements and
partnerships were a key theme for the quarter.

        In our Brazilian supermarket vertical within CPG, we implemented navigation improvements such
as the “progress bar” to reach Free Shipping thresholds, along with new commercial promotional dates
(the Relaunch of the Supermercado and specials in some categories), and also continued working to
deepen assortment.

        In Mexico the third quarter we’ve entered into agreements with JBP, DIAGEO, and Grupo Modelo-
ABI, in order to further develop those categories within our platform while also promoting responsible
consumption.

         Additionally, to promote this category, beginning in the fourth quarter we waived flat fees for our
sellers and brands for products are in our fulfillment centers.

         Staying on ecommerce but turning now to marketing. During the third quarter we re-ignited
marketing spend, after an atypical 2Q, doubling the size of our marketing investments in our marketplace
– on an absolute basis – compared to the prior quarter. With that said, we are still investing at a lower
rate than our original pre-COVID plan due to the pandemic’s continued impact in driving consumers
online, and because we are still generating robust organic traffic growth.

        In the Andean region, we have accelerated the pace of marketing investments versus prior
quarters, both in absolute values and as a percentage of GMV.

        This increase was particularly notable in Chile and Colombia, where we reinforced branding
campaigns and invested in special dates and performance marketing campaigns with solid results. Most
notably, our Chilean operations now lead the Top of Mind measurements that we carry out in that
country for the first time.

         Let me now turn over to logistics, a key enabler of growth for our commerce business.

         Our logistics operations have been instrumental in helping us navigate through these trying times,
and its powerful synergies with our e-commerce business have unlocked meaningful value.

         Not only has this helped us drive higher Net Promoter Scores and customer satisfaction, but it is
increasingly becoming a competitive advantage in multiple countries.

        Our Mercado Envios managed network continued gaining penetration during the third quarter
reaching 64% on a consolidated basis, exiting the quarter at 74% overall adoption. Brazil, Mexico and
Argentina reached 68%, 56% and 84% respectively. Fulfillment in Brazil reached 22% of total shipments,
while in Mexico it has already surpassed 55% share of shipments. As a result, we’ve been able to deliver
faster and more efficiently.



     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 3Q‘20. © 3020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 3Q’20 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



         In Brazil we managed to improve delivery times and lower costs despite the Correios strike, which
lasted for approximately 6 weeks this year. However, since we successfully migrated significant shipping
volumes on to our managed network we have been able to not only almost double the amount of items
we delivered versus last year, but also significantly enhanced service levels, recording a 20 percentage
point improvement in shipments being delivered in less than 48 hours.

        The growth of our MELI logistics proprietary technology within the managed network, combined
with the addition of Flex in the Greater São Paulo area, helped scale our managed network, resulting in
lower shipping costs and delivery times improvements versus last quarter.

         Another development in Brazil was the reduction of our free shipping threshold to $99 reais
during the quarter. This had two key benefits. First, it broadened what was an already comprehensive
Free Shipping program in Brazil. Second, it enabled us to cover a greater share of our marketplace GMV
within the free shipping program.

        In Mexico, the incorporation of cross docking to our Mexican managed network is part of our
expansion plan in order to reduce our dependence on commercial carriers, enabling us to find more
capacity to accompany our increasing volumes and growth in that country.

        Finally on logistics, we are happy to report that Colombia and Chile continue to gain penetration
of our managed network, ramping up at a very fast clip, reaching 14% and 15% respectively, an almost
10 percentage point improvement versus last quarter.

       Execution in logistics has been stellar across multiple geos. During the quarter, as I’ve just called
out, we simultaneously shifted volume into our own managed network while continuing to invest and
expand the buildout of our own logistics infrastructure despite trying circumstances.

        We are confident that the increased pace of execution in this expansion will enable us to be
amongst the best in class in terms of service levels and continue to gain efficiencies in shipping costs
going forward.

        With that, now let’s move on to the Fintech side of the business, another central building block of
our ecosystem strategy and value proposition.

        Mercado Pago reached almost 60 million unique payers during the quarter, adding 7.5M payers
mainly attributable to Brazil. FX neutral consolidated total TPV grew by 161% YoY during the quarter.

         Our off-platform payments businesses accelerated sequentially to 197% YoY on an FX neutral
basis, not only with a robust performance of online payments but also an improvement in our in-store
payments solutions, particularly mPOS devices. We have observed that some segments that had been
heavily impacted during the quarantine regimes had begun to recover. The transportation segment we
serve is one example of hard hit segments that are now beginning to recover.

         Off platform unique payers reached 36 million, with Brazil reaching almost 20 million. Specifically,
in Brazil, we reached an all-time high of unique payers added, adding almost 4.2 million over the prior
quarter. On the collectors front we reached almost 11 million active collectors, with Brazil leading on the
merchant acquisition front.

        Starting with online payments, consolidated TPV accelerated to 204% YoY on an FX neutral basis
during the quarter, with growth having been led by performances in Argentina and Brazil.


     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 3Q‘20. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 3Q’20 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



      For Brazil we had a solid online payments growth, especially in the longtail and social sellers
segments, setting new records for seller acquisitions, more than tripling the number of active sellers.

        The growth in Brazil’s online merchant base is the result of a series of actions we took focused on
the acquisition of sellers, especially those that started selling online for the first time.

        In line with that, we also relaunched marketing campaigns, with healthy seller acquisition costs,
and shorter payback periods. We also expanded our cross-sell actions with other Mercado Pago verticals,
especially with Point and QR. Additionally, we launched incentive programs in conjunction with the main
e-commerce platforms to facilitate the onboarding of new sellers to the online world.

          And in Argentina, the other strong performer, online payments accelerated sequentially mainly
attributable to promotional days, social sellers and an improved check out. Social sellers monthly
acquisition reached an average of 113 thousand in September vs the historical average of 33 thousand,
where our main focus was to generate better cross-sell capabilities and optimization of marketing
initiatives.

       Our mPOS business has delivered solid execution as governments begin to ease quarantines
measures.

         In Brazil, TPV accelerated 14 percentage points versus last quarter, almost reaching pre-COVID
levels of growth. The pace at which we are selling devices was also a positive surprise with more than 1.3
million devices sold across LatAm during the quarter.

         And staying on Brazil mPOS, third quarter TPV cohorts are incorporating more TPV compared to
January cohorts, which shows a robust acceleration in the cadence of mPos growth. This is in line with the
sales levels of devices which grew at a faster pace if we compare September to January.

        In Brazil, we launched Point Smart, our top-of-the-line device, focused on businesses that require
a simple, fast and modern terminal. This device should enable better cross sell for marketplace merchants
who have physical stores and now we are able to cater to their in store payment needs given the new
device we are offering.

        And in the case of Argentina, this quarter we’ve grown 129% YoY on an FX neutral basis. One
important highlight from our mPOS business there is that as we evolved to multi product with the launch
of our Point Plus device, such roll out has been very well-received.

        Moving onto our Mobile Wallet, another key vector in our ecosystem. Our Wallet TPV growth
continued to accelerate on a consolidated and FX neutral basis to 381% YoY. The share of payments once
again skewed towards P2P transactions, Utilities Payments and Cell Phone top ups as a consequence of
COVID 19.

        Per our last call, the second quarter represented an important milestone in terms of product
migration and adoption of payment flows from the physical world to the digital world.

        And during the third quarter we’ve been able to maintain the payment volume reached in the
prior quarter and continue growing. We’ve focused on minimizing churn in order to retain digitized users
gained and acquired during the pandemic.




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 3Q‘20. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 3Q’20 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



          Peer-to-peer payments continued to gain share of payments within the wallet. This trend was
evident across the region. The large pickup in peer-to-peer during the quarter was not only driven by
quarantines and a shift to digital, but also by the launch of a new product experience and new free pricing
for all transfers made with account money and debit card when P2P transactions.

         Finally, on wallet, during the third quarter we were able to grow our wallet active payers to almost
14 million on a consolidated basis. In Brazil, we added a record high number of unique payers for a single
quarter.

         We also have made inroads on the opposite end of the wallet, as our collector network continues
to grow at a healthy pace reaching 5.5 million active wallet collectors on a consolidated basis, an all time
high in this front, more than doubling versus the prior quarter.

         Let me now move on to our credit business. Mercado Credito had a record third quarter with an
all-time high in terms of originations growing 157% QoQ while our loan portfolio also reached an all time
high of $284 million dollars, as we’ve been able to originate more loans with lower NPLs.

        During the prior quarter we had increased the APR’s as we calibrated for higher delinquency
rates. However, as the quarter progressed, we observed that defaults were in fact improving, resulting in
better profitability profiles.

         In Brazil we extended terms for online merchants up to 18 months and increased caps, while also
improving lifetime values. On consumer credit and express money users, we made our policies more
flexible by lowering caps. Additionally, we've been able to enhance adoption of our credit products by
leveraging artificial intelligence methods that enable us to do a credit offer at a point in the user journey
where there is a greater tendency for adoption.

        Originations on consumer credits accelerated 140% versus last quarter. Within our credit
products, mPOS in store merchant originations almost doubled, while our express money credit product
more than tripled its volume versus last quarter. Originations to merchants on our marketplace grew a
solid 172% versus last quarter. Additionally, we launched our micro-credits offering, now representing
about 15% of consumer credits in terms of originations.

        With that, now let's move on to our financial progress report for the quarter.

        Let’s start with the review of our P&L with comments on consolidated net revenues. For the third
quarter, they reached $1,116 million dollars, surpassing the billion mark for the first time in a quarter,
representing a YoY increase of 85.0% in USD and 149% on an FX neutral basis, mainly attributable to
commerce net revenues that continued accelerating and reached their highest historical growth rate.

        Gross profit for the third quarter was $480 million with a margin of 43%, compared to 47%
during the third quarter of 2019. The decrease in our gross profit margin resulted primarily from an
increase in shipping operation costs, as a percentage of net revenues.

       In the slides accompanying this presentation, we’ve included, as we do every quarter, a detailed
breakdown of these, as well as the OPEX margin evolution that I’ll cover quickly now.




     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 3Q‘20. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
                       MERCADOLIBRE 3Q’20 EARNINGS
                         CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



        Operating expenses were $397 million dollars, an increase of 8.4% YoY in USD. As a percentage
of revenues, operating expenses were 35.6%, compared to 60.7% during the third quarter 2019. The
increase is primarily a consequence of marketing expenditures efficiencies, representing over 1500bps
improvement, that we achieved as a result of the growth in organic demand brought about by the effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic on consumer behavior.

        Moving down the P&L, the company incurred $24.5 million in financial expenses this quarter,
mainly attributable to financial loans entered into during the third quarter of 2020, primarily in Brazil and
Argentina and interest expenses from our trusts related to the factoring of our credit card receivables in
Argentina.

         During the quarter we also had a foreign exchange loss of $30.4 million mainly related to the
difference of the Argentine official exchange rate and the blue chip swap rate at which we effectively carry
out stock repurchases in Argentine Pesos. We also believe this operation presents the added benefit of
generating greater transparency around FX rate distortions that arise as a consequence of Argentina’s
multiple exchange rates.

         Interest income was $24.6 million dollars, a 13.7% decrease year-over-year, as a result of lower
interest rates in our investments as a consequence of the pandemic, mainly offset by higher interest
income in Argentina as our float grows. As a result of this, net income for the third quarter was $15.0
million dollars.

        Wrapping up today’s call we want to reinforce our commitment to the democratization of
commerce and money. The opportunity ahead of us remains sizable, and we feel increasingly confident
that we can capitalize on it. Thanks everyone as always for joining this conference call, and we look
forward to keeping you updated on our progress report next quarter.

        With that, we can now take your questions …




                                                       THANK YOU



     FINANCIALS & RESULTS 3Q‘20. © 2020 MercadoLibre. All rights reserved.
