MERCADOLIBRE 4Q13 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

Date: February 27th, 2014

Part I: Introduction and Disclaimer – Investor Relations

Hello everyone, and welcome to the MercadoLibre earnings conference call
for the quarter ended December 31th, 2013. My name is Martin de los Santos
and I am the head of Investor Relations for MercadoLibre. Our senior
manager presenting today is Pedro Arnt, Chief Financial Officer. Additionally,
Marcos Galperin, Chief Executive Officer and Osvaldo Gimenez, Executive
VP of Payments will be available during today’s Q&A session. This
conference call is also being broadcast over the Internet and is available
through the investor relations section of our website. [PAUSE]

I remind you that management may make forward-looking statements relating
to such matters as continued growth prospects for the company, industry
trends and product and technology initiatives. These statements are based on
currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and
projections about future events. While we believe that our assumptions,
expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently available
information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those
discussed in this call, for a variety of reasons, including those described in the
forward-looking statements and risk factors sections of our 10-K and other
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on
our investor relations website. Finally, I would like to remind you that during
the course of this conference call we may discuss some non- GAAP measures.
A reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures
can be found in our fourth quarter 2013 earnings press release available on our
investor relations website.

[PAUSE]
Now let me turn the call over to Pedro.


Part II: Overview & Financial Results – Pedro Arnt


Welcome everyone to our earnings call for the fourth quarter of 2013.
Wrapping up another successful year for Latin America’s leading e-commerce
ecosystem, I’d like to recap some of our strategic priorities, financial results,
and key initiatives for the upcoming year. [PAUSE]
We ended the year on a good note, with solid performance across our
marketplace and payments businesses, both closing the fourth quarter with
accelerating revenues, despite FX headwinds that continue to impact our
consolidated results. Revenues in local currencies also accelerated across our
largest countries, showing a trend across that board that was led by our largest
market, Brazil.
I’d like to start us off by taking a step back and briefly looking at the full year,
so as to re-cap the advances we have made during that past 4 quarters.
During 2013:
   •   Registered users grew 22%
   •   Successful items grew 23%
   •   GMVe grew 44% in local currencies, and 28% in USD
   •   Total payment transactions grew 34%
   •   And Total payment volume grew 60% in local currencies, and 40% in
       USD
We believe these growth rates directly result from our execution against the
set of ongoing strategic objectives which we’ve identified, and stated for our
business over the past quarters. These broadly involve: [PAUSE]
   •   The promotion of our payments and shipping solutions as strategic
       facilitators for e-commerce, helping to eliminate friction points and
       enhance user experience, on and off our platform. [PAUSE
   •   The ongoing development of mobile and vertical, category specific,
       capabilities that allow for ubiquitous and customized trading; trends that
       are both in their early stages in our region, and represent huge upside
       potential going forward. [PAUSE]
   •   The promotion of our open platform, making our services increasingly
       accessible to third parties, be they outside developers building new
       solutions, or retailers requiring technological integration and support for
       their businesses. Through this approach we strive to be the
       technological partner of choice for anyone looking to trade on-line in
       Latin America. [PAUSE]
   •   And finally, all of this necessarily is underpinned by ongoing efforts to
       deliver a constantly improving overall customer experience. We are
       devoted to innovation on this front, coming up with new solutions for
       the growing functionalities and features that we offer, and anticipating
       rather than reacting to the needs of our users, through investments in
       our technology products and customer service operations.
[PAUSE]
With e-commerce still accounting for less than 3% of Latin America´s total
retail volume, we think these are the key areas of focus which will help us
accelerate the pace at which online penetrates offline retail, thus accelerating
the rate of growth of our own business. We have built our key business plans
around these priorities, and will continue to do so during the upcoming year.
Let me, therefore, walk you through the progress we have made on each
throughout the past year, starting with payments. [PAUSE]
Total payment volume closed the year reaching 35% of gross merchandise
volume as MercadoPago extended its benefits, including financing options and
a comprehensive buyer protection program, to a growing number of buyers.
Brazil and Argentina each saw more than 10 percentage points of on-platform
penetration, December to December, while off-platform payments accelerated
in the same period, maintaining the highest growth of all our businesses.
Financing volume also accelerated, obviously benefitted by payments growth
on both of these fronts, and a growing segment of the region’s population that
is willing and able to buy on credit.
We have also made important strides with our initial forays into shipping and
logistics. Our MercadoEnvíos program went live exactly a year ago, growing
at an accelerating pace in 2013, as we released it to a broader base of sellers
throughout the year. Our initial success with trial users encouraged us to
rapidly expand beyond Brazil, with a quick rollout to Argentina in the first
quarter of 2013, and subsequent plans to extend the program to Mexico soon.
Recapping a very successful first year for this initiative, in 2013 we grew
shipping penetration significantly, shipping over 5% of our Brazilian and
Argentine combined successful items in the final quarter of the year, and
exiting the year with more than 10% of units sold in Brazil already being
shipped through MercadoEnvios.
[LONG PAUSE]
Let’s move on to mobile, another fast-paced initiative that has definitely
surpassed our expectations this year, topping 12% of our total GMVe by year
end. Android followed by i-Phone account for more than half of total
downloads, and we are closing in on 10 million native app downloads across
all countries. More impressively, mobile keeps expanding its share of our new
users, ending the fourth quarter at 15% of total registrations. This rate rises to
above 20% in certain countries, where mobile adoption is more advanced than
in other parts, bolstered by better infrastructure and cheaper connectivity costs.
[PAUSE]
Our vertical and open-platform initiatives ran hand-in-hand in 2013. With
continued positive trends on both of these fronts, MercadoLibre keeps
consolidating its position as a virtual shopping mall with the most varied
selection. Categories such as Apparel and Sports grew more than twice as fast
as average GMVe in the year, resulting from our dual approach of offering
vertical formats to all sellers and attracting big brands to sell directly through
our platform. Brazil and Argentina added a total of 17 new official stores from
brands and branded retailers in the fourth quarter alone, underscoring the
growing presence of large retailers on our marketplaces. With the volumes
from these preferred partners on the rise, we are working on rolling out more
official stores throughout the upcoming quarters, significantly improving the
depth and quality of selection of items available to our users.
Finally, our work on customer experience has also payed off during 2013, with
healthy metrics indicating we are responding faster and more efficiently to
customer needs, resulting in a positive evolution of our Net Promoter Score
throughout the year. Fourth quarter NPS ended at the highest level of the year,
both for marketplace and for payments. In the meantime we are constantly
looking for ways to innovate, currently trying out new customer service tools
that will allow us greater ubiquity and faster resolution times. [LONG
PAUSE]
Wrapping up our initiatives, despite all that we accomplished in the year, we
still believe that this is the tip of the iceberg for most of these projects, and we
expect sustained solid advances and increasing adoption of each one during
2014.
   •   We will achieve this by continuing to drive payments growth through
       product and technology innovation and by leveraging our increasingly
       recognized payments brand, both on and off our marketplace. [PAUSE]
   •   Alongside payments, we will accompany the considerable secular
       trends pushing our mobile and vertical initiatives by further deploying
       mobile apps and category specific features that allow shoppers the best
       possible shopping experience, whatever the product and whatever the
       screen.
   •   On the logistics front, we will continue to drive penetration of our new
       shipping platform in our major markets, and also continue to get more
       involved with other aspects of the fulfillment chain so as to better serve
       our buyers and sellers needs on this front.
   •   Our open technology will continue to provide a bridge to large retail
       and outside development while we accelerate the pace at which we
       partner with integrators or brands requiring a nexus to the online world
       We will be greatly aided in these efforts by our growing track record
       and portfolio of brands already on-boarded.
   •   Finally, we will continue to invest in our product development and
       customer service efforts so as to continue the cycle of removing as
       much friction from trading on our platforms as possible. We trust these
       efforts will be reflected in continued improvements to our net promoter
       scores and other user satisfaction indexes.

       [LONG PAUSE]
It’s clear that MercadoLibre exhibits a business model that is increasingly
more than the sum of its parts. All of the initiatives covered have the common
theme of expanding MercadoLibre’s reach and ubiquity, as well as perfecting
the value it brings to all users. They are all transformative, turning us into an
e-commerce operating system of sorts, on top of a marketplace which is
already unmatched in product value and selection. We look forward to
keeping you updated as our ecosystem grows to a new level.
[LONG PAUSE]
With that, let’s now take a detailed look at our fourth quarter results,
beginning with our consolidated highlights for the quarter. All growths are
year on year unless I specify otherwise.
In the fourth quarter of 2013:
   •   Successful items grew 20%
   •   GMVe grew 49% in local currencies, and 30% in USD
   •   Total payment transactions grew 34%
   •   And Total payment volume grew 66% in local currencies, and 42% in
       USD
[PAUSE]
This resulted in solid financial results for which I will now break out the
highlights, additionally quoting growth rates that exclude Venezuela for our
main P&L lines. We are also providing additional disclosures on Venezuela in
our 10K, allowing for a better understanding of how different scenarios and
exchange rates for that country might affect our financials.
Additionally, certain of these scenarios are calculated using the new SICAD
exchange rate in Venezuela. It is our current understanding that this new
floating rate, currently at 11.8 Bolivars to the dollar, will be the rate we will
use for re-measuring our Bolivar denominated costs, revenues and balance
sheet positions, as of January 24th 2014. To relay a sense of the one-time
impact of such devaluation, we estimate that, had such devaluation occurred
on December 31st 2013, we would have incurred a forex loss of between 1.5
to 2.5 million dollars as a consequence of the remeasurement of our
Venezuelan subsidiaries non-U.S. dollar denominated monetary assets and
liabilities. [LONG PAUSE]
For the fourth quarter:
[PAUSE]
   •   Net revenues were $134.6 million, accelerating in local currencies and
       also in USD despite foreign exchange headwinds. Revenues grew 50%
       in local currencies and 30% in USD. Excluding Venezuela, Net
       Revenues also accelerated to 39% growth in local currencies, and 22%
       in dollars.
   •   Income from operations was $52.1 million, 33% growth in USD and
       56% in local currencies. Excluding Venezuela, Income from operations
       grew 36% in local currencies, and 18% in dollars.
   •   Net Income before Income/Asset Tax Expense was $55.8 million,
       growing 32% in USD and 55% in local currencies.
   •   Net income was $40.8 million, growing 35% year-on-year in USD, and
       58% in local currencies. Excluding Venezuela, Net Income grew 42%in
       local currencies, and 23% in dollars. [PAUSE] Resulting earnings per
       share were 93 cents for the quarter.
[LONG PAUSE]
With that, let’s dive into our topline growth for the quarter.
Marketplace revenues saw solid performance practically in line with sales
volume growth. Most operations continued to see similar unit growth to last
quarter’s, with the exception of Venezuela, where sold items decelerated to
12% year on year, impacted by political challenges in that country. Brazil, our
largest market, on the other hand, posted high unit growth of 28% year on year
in the fourth quarter, with its marketplace revenues in local currencies slightly
outpacing that on improved monetization. [PAUSE]
Non-marketplace revenues accelerated to a growth of 47% year on year in
local currencies. Very solid performance from our payments business drove
this acceleration, and compensated for actually slower growth in our
classifieds and advertising businesses this quarter. [PAUSE]
Reviewing classifieds specifically, revenues from real estate and services saw
some deceleration across our top countries, though still posting solid double
digit growth. Revenues from vehicle classifieds, however, were practically flat
year on year, mainly due to lower listings volume in Venezuela, sequentially
and year on year. [PAUSE]
With regard to our payments business unit, revenues accelerated on 2 key
drivers:
   •   Off-platform transactions posted a strong sequential jump, total
       payment volume accelerating to 55% year on year, as key accounts are
       performing well, and have led to larger average transactions than a year
       ago.
   •   Financing volume also saw an important bump up this quarter. Lower
       spreads than a year ago were more than offset by growth in installment
       purchases, which even outpaced our total payments volume. This means
       that a higher share of our users opted to purchase on financing versus a
       year ago, as our terms have remained very competitive despite higher
       interest rates.
[PAUSE]
On the basis of all these revenue streams, consolidated net revenues
accelerated in the fourth quarter, also on a per country basis. Local currency
revenue growth for the fourth quarter year on year was: 29% for Brazil, 69%
for Argentina, 20% for Mexico, and 104% for Venezuela.
Revenue acceleration responds to the performance of underlying business
metrics in all of these countries except for Venezuela this quarter, where
inflation offset a deceleration in the unit volume of its two largest businesses,
marketplace and classifieds, which we have already covered. [PAUSE] This is
a good moment to remind you that our Venezuela operation remains profitable
and self-sustaining, requiring no investments from abroad. It is a business that
primarily earns and spends in local currencies, while leveraging on the same
centralized product development and customer service operations that we run
for the rest of our business. In this context, we continue to manage our
Venezuelan business for the long run, confident that in a more favorable
future, our commitment to that market will offer the right returns, despite
current conditions.
[LONG PAUSE]
Advancing down our P&L:
Gross profit grew 29% in the fourth quarter, to $98.4 million. Gross profit
margin was 73.1% of revenues, versus 73.6% in the fourth quarter of 2012,
and 72.3% in the third quarter of 2013.
Year on year, higher payments processing fees resulting from growth in
MercadoPago account for approximately 90 bps in margin contraction, and
another contraction of 45 bps results from our investments in fraud prevention.
All this is offset by approximately 90 bps of scale, primarily in customer
experience, hosting costs, and certain efficiencies on taxes. [PAUSE]
Operating expenses for the period totaled $46.3 million, 24% higher than in
the same period of 2012. Operating expenses as a percent of revenues were
34.4% in the fourth quarter, versus 35.9% in the same quarter last year, and
41.9% in the third quarter of this year. The end of last year saw particularly
good scale, but this year’s fourth quarter surpassed it.
Let’s review this by line item.
[PAUSE]
Sales & marketing, which remains our largest line item, grew 21% to $23.1
million, or 17.2% of revenues, vs. 18.5% for the same period last year.
Improved fraud loss provisions on MercadoPago transactions are by far the
most noteworthy effect, explaining 130 bps of improved margins as our fraud
prevention team managed to bring chargebacks as a percent of credit card
volume substantially lower year on year.
Sales & Marketing salaries also scaled, 54 bps, though this was offset by
online marketing expenses and a residual effect from our offline branding
campaign which ended early in the fourth quarter.
[PAUSE]
Product Development expenses grew 40% to $9.7 million, representing 7.2%
of revenues in the fourth quarter versus 6.7% in the same period last year, as
ongoing investments in this crucial aspect of our business were partially offset
by scale in salaries.
[PAUSE]
Finally, G&A grew 21% year-over-year to $13.5 million in the fourth quarter,
or 10.0% of revenues versus 10.7% a year ago. Salaries scaled 100 bps,
partially offset by higher fees for outside services.
[PAUSE]
As a result, operating income margin for the quarter was 38.7% vs. 37.7% in
the fourth quarter of 2012. Below Operating Income, we benefited from $2.3
million of interest income, down 20% year on year as a result of lower yields
on our invested assets versus the prior year period. [PAUSE]
We saw a $2.3 million gain in our forex line, from the increase in amount, and
appreciation in value, of USD balances held by some of our subsidiaries,
versus $488 thousand last year.
[PAUSE]
In the fourth quarter, income tax expense was $15.0 million, resulting in a
blended tax rate of 26.8% versus 28.4% in the fourth quarter of 2012.
[PAUSE]
Consequently, Net income margin was 30.3% in the fourth quarter versus
29.2% for the same quarter of 2012, resulting in a basic net income per
common share of 0.93 cents.
[PAUSE]
Purchases of property, equipment, and intangible assets during the quarter
totaled $37.9 million, driven by the purchase of commercial real estate, mainly
in Venezuela, as a strategy to preserve the value of our assets there.
Consequently, for the period ended December, 2013, Free Cash Flow was
negative $18.7 million, versus $51.1 million last year. Cash, short-term
investments and long-term investments at the end of the quarter totaled $262.6
million.
[LONG PAUSE]
This wraps up our financial review for the last quarter of 2013, which ended
the year on a note of solid topline growth, benefitted from scale to our
business, and consequently delivered what we believe continue to be industry
leading profits and prospects for sustained future financial health.
We are very pleased with this accomplishment of growing both our top and
bottom lines consistently, particularly when we consider how we are
achieving it, which is by investing in the creation of long term value for our
users, all the while preserving strong profitability in our business. This is not a
minor point in the competitive markets where we operate, where topline
growth often comes at the expense of profit generation.
Furthermore, we are confident in our ability to continue delivering profitable
growth, such is the financial model and network externalities of the unique e-
commerce ecosystem we are building. In 2014 we will continue building on
this ecosystem, innovating on our key initiatives, and striving to offer our
users a consistently improving user experience. I look forward to keeping you
updated over the next few quarters on our progress.
[PAUSE]
With that, we will now take your questions.
