MERCADOLIBRE 2Q16 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT



Date: August 4th, 2016

Part I: Introduction and Disclaimer – Investor Relations

Hello everyone, and welcome to the MercadoLibre earnings conference call for the quarter
ended June 30th, 2016. I am Federico Sandler, Head of Investor Relations for MercadoLibre.
Our senior manager presenting today is Pedro Arnt, Chief Financial Officer. Additionally,
Marcos Galperin, Chief Executive Officer, and Osvaldo Giménez, Executive VP of Payments
will be available during today’s Q&A session. This conference call is also being broadcasted
over the Internet and is available through the investor relations section of our website.

[PAUSE]

I remind you that management may make forward-looking statements relating to such
matters as continued growth prospects for the company, industry trends and product and
technology initiatives. These statements are based on currently available information and our
current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. While we believe that
our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently
available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call,
for a variety of reasons, including those described in the forward-looking statements and risk
factors sections of our 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
which are available on our investor relations website. Finally, I would like to remind you that
during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures. A
reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures can be found in
our second quarter 2016 earnings press release available on our investor relations website.

[PAUSE]



Now let me turn the call over to Pedro.




                                                                                             1
Part II: Overview & Financial Results – Pedro Arnt

Thanks Federico, welcome everyone to our second quarter conference call for 2016.

I’d like to start the call by saying that the second quarter of 2016 was one of our strongest
quarters ever. Not only have we maintained high growth rates on key operational and
financial metrics by executing well, but we are also pleased to report that our enhanced
marketplace vision continues to consolidate in our larger markets, and, perhaps more
importantly, is starting to materialize outside of those main geographies. The incremental
adoption of our suite of solutions that make buying, selling, collecting and paying online
easier, beyond Argentina and Brazil, is resulting in acceleration of our business performance
in countries like Mexico and Colombia as well.

With that headline as context, let me now walk you through some of our key high level
operational metrics, from a consolidated perspective:

For the second quarter of 2016:

   ● Items sold growth accelerated to 45% year over year, reaching 43.7 million units sold,
       and recording the highest growth since 2009.
   ●   Gross merchandise volume reached $2 billion dollars, and excluding our Venezuelan
       operations, grew 57% on an FX neutral basis.
   ●   Total payment transactions grew 76% to 32 million.
   ●   Total payment volume doubled on an FX neutral basis, reaching $1.8 billion dollars
       and represented over 90% of our Gross Merchandise Volume for the quarter.
   ●   And finally, registered users were up 27% year on year, after we added 7.1 million
       new users during the quarter.


As we look forward to the rest of the year, we believe that this quarter’s results confirm the
sustained momentum of our business, pointing a clear path for our company through the
remainder of 2016: continuing to execute on our vision that a marketplace with deeply
integrated payments, credit, shipping and fulfillment solutions generates a virtuous cycle of
volume growth, improved user engagement, and opportunities to then port those marketplace
solutions off-marketplace, turning them into vibrant stand alone businesses. This is what we
will be investing in, and focusing on.

[PAUSE]

Moving on to some more granular metrics, Brazilian GMV accelerated on an FX neutral
basis to a robust 64% vs. 61% in the first quarter of 2016. Units sold in Brazil also
accelerated over ten percentage points to 57% up from 46% the prior quarter. Argentina also
delivered strong results. Items sold in the country continue to grow at a solid 46% year on
year rate, while GMV growth on an FX neutral basis local currency was 69%.


                                                                                            2
Our Mexican operation was one of the highlights of the quarter. Units sold grew to a multi-
year high of 32%, accelerating from 17% last quarter. Revenues in local currency grew 35%
year on year, almost 15 percentage points above its three-year compounded annual growth
rate. Colombia is also delivering solid results. Units sold grew 26% vs. 21% during the first
quarter of 2016, and on an FX neutral basis revenues grew 55%, one of the highest growth
rates on record.

Product selection also continues to deepen as our efforts in simplifying our pricing structure
combined with the rollout of our freemium strategy into other countries continues to increase
supply. The number of live listings being offered in MercadoLibre accelerated for the second
consecutive quarter to 73%, reaching 63 million listings.

We continue to make strides on the user engagement front as well. We’ve successfully
continued to stimulate demand and provide vibrancy across our marketplaces. As a result,
unique buyers have accelerated for the third consecutive quarter to 26% year on year, while
new buyers also accelerated their growth rate for the second consecutive quarter. Also
encouraging is the fact that these cohorts of new buyers, who have typically had a first
purchase on MercadoLibre that already includes our integrated payments and shipping
solutions are showing higher repeat usage rates, net promoter scores, and, consequently,
lifetime value metrics.

[PAUSE]

Another area of strategic focus for us is the advance of our mobile platform. Penetration of
mobile as a percentage of our gross merchandise volume increased 10 percentage points in
the last year alone. Mobile remains accretive to the platform as well, as new registrations
from either mobile or web apps continue to grow its mix of our total new users registering on
the site. Finally, we are pleased to report that on an FX neutral basis, mobile GMV grew
113% year on year during the second quarter.

[PAUSE]

MercadoPago had another outstanding quarter, and hit important milestones. Exiting the
quarter, on platform penetration reached 75% vs. 57% a year ago, mainly as a result of the
success we’ve had in initiatives that promote the pace of adoption of our payments solution
on our platforms with a strong development there in Mexico and Argentina. MercadoPago on
platform penetration doubled from where it was a year ago in Mexico, reaching 60%, while
Argentina increased almost 20 percentage points during the same period to 72%. Colombia
and Chile are delivering promising results as well with penetration reaching 44% and 24%
respectively.

Our merchant service business continues to fire on all cylinders as well, as the second quarter
was the fifth consecutive quarter of triple digit growth in that revenue line. As one of the
fastest growing segments within MELI, FX neutral revenues grew on a consolidated basis


                                                                                             3
102% year on year, as we continue to execute well on initiatives such as open platform
integrations, special dates, and commercial efforts. In line with that, our Mobile POS
initiative in Brazil is exceeding expectations in terms of share of Total Payment Volume
being transacted off platform through those devices, and we expect to launch those initiatives
in Mexico and Argentina during the second half of the year.

Lastly, during the month of June, we fully launched our MercadoPago payments solution in
Peru. We expect this launch to serve as a powerful tool for users in that country to reduce
friction and increase engagement within our ecosystem, while at the same time onboarding
merchants who conduct e-commerce outside our marketplace.

[PAUSE]

Shipping continues to play an ever important role in growing engagement metrics and is a
key element of our enhanced marketplace vision. As MercadoEnvíos gains adoption in
markets beyond Brazil, units shipped grew 104% year on year to 20.3 million units.
Colombia was a highlight in this segment, as adoption is already at ¼ of shipped items within
only a year of launch, and is showing world class service levels in terms of average delivery
times. Additionally, MercadoEnvíos in Chile is showing encouraging advances in terms of
penetration and adoption after its launch during the first quarter of this year.

Argentina also continues to make strides in our ongoing efforts to improve the shipping
offering and experience. Within only nine months of official launch, our cross docking
partners already account for close to 10% of items shipped on our platform in the country.
This contributes to reignite growth of overall shipping penetration, as these operations
improve the overall experience, as they allow us greater control over not only the shipping,
but also the picking and handling of these orders. As a consequence, shipping adoption in
Argentina has gained 7 percentage points in the last year, reaching 31% of units sold.

[PAUSE]

Continuing on to our advertising efforts, we remain enthusiastic and encouraged by the
progress we have achieved on this front. Our Product ads solution, that has found formats that
seamlessly integrate advertising into our mobile and web properties, continues to deliver a
superior advertising solution. These new ad formats continue to provide improved click
through rates to our advertisers without negatively affecting conversion rates of our core
marketplace. Additionally, during this quarter, we have seen confirmation that we are
successfully transitioning these new formats onto mobile use cases as well. Mobile Product
ads in particular were a highlight, as this advertising solution already represents 50% of total
advertising revenues.

[PAUSE]

Finally, our focus in developing a differentiated customer service experience continues to
deliver positive results as well. With our investments and pace of execution in the area we
                                                                                              4
saw NPS rise once again, and now, contact rates are also falling to record low levels as
customers are requiring less and less assistance, a positive sign that transactions are
increasingly occurring with absolutely no hick-ups for our users.

[LONG PAUSE]

As I have just outlined, the performance of key indicators of our business continue to show
strength, giving us confidence that we are adequately managing our financial model, and
allocating capital in the correct manner. Going forward, we will continue to invest in this
disciplined-yet-aggressive manner behind initiatives that we believe have the potential to
solidify our competitive position, allow us to gain market share, grow user engagement and
satisfaction, and keep us at the cusp of technological innovation. These are the elements we
believe will be the key to our long term success.

[PAUSE]

So now, let’s now take a quick look at our bottom line results and margin structures as we do
every quarter. Greater detail can be found in the accompanying presentation to these prepared
remarks.

On an FX neutral basis, marketplace & non marketplace revenue showed solid growth. Total
MELI Marketplace revenues grew 67% year on year, and have been growing north of 50%
for the past 11 quarters. Non marketplace revenues grew 82%, the 8th quarter of year on year
growth above 70%.

Excluding Venezuela on an FX neutral basis, total revenues grew by a solid 68% year on
year. In USD revenues grew by an equally robust 29%, the highest rate of growth on
multiyear high unit volume sales. Mexico’s performance is worth noting here as well, as
marketplace local currency revenue accelerated to the highest level in 4 years to 30% YoY.

As mentioned earlier, non-marketplace revenues continued to outperform during the quarter.
Main contributors to growth in order of relevance, came from the following initiatives

           ● MercadoPago processing growing at 102% year on year in constant currency.
           ● Financing Fees accelerating in local currencies to 74% year on year aided by
             the continued adoption of interest free listings.
           ● Shipping Revenues accelerating to 101% year on year as adoption of our
             shipping solution in countries beyond Brazil continues to scale.
           ● And finally, advertising revenues contributed to higher non marketplace
             revenue growth as well, growing at 124% year on year on an FX neutral basis.

Aggregating marketplace and non-marketplace revenue growth resulted in net revenues of
$200 million dollars, a growth of 73% year over year on an FX neutral basis, and the first
quarter ever where we hit the $200M dollar mark! On a country by country basis,
marketplace and non-marketplace revenue growth for the second quarter, on an FX neutral


                                                                                           5
basis was the following: Argentina 77% and 110%, Brazil 53% and 72%, Mexico 30% and
43%, Colombia 51% and 60%.

Gross profit for the second quarter of 2016 was $126.3 million. Gross profit margin was
63.3%, compared to 67.4% in the second quarter of 2015 and 64.8% during the first quarter.
The 350 bps of margin contraction are explained by increases in processing fees and sales
taxes as MercadoPago and MercadoEnvíos gain share of revenues, as well as costs related to
sales of our Mobile POS payment devices. The remaining 50 bps of margin contraction are
attributable to investments in strengthening our customer service operations and and hosting
and cloud services fees.

Moving on to OPEX, and before giving out the specific details, a note on Venezuela during
the quarter. The country had strong currency devaluation, as the SIMADI exchange rate
increased from 273 BsF per US Dollar to 628 BsF per US Dollar, a 57% decline. As a result
of this, and taking our traditionally prudent approach, we recorded a $16.9 million dollar loss
in the quarter that includes an impairment charge on long lived assets (primarily real estate)
of $13.7 million dollars, and a foreign exchange loss of $4.9 million dollars, partially offset
by deferred income tax gains of $1.7 million dollars.

Regardless of these charges, we feel bottom line results were robust. Total operating
expenses ascended to $94.1 million dollars, up 35.7% from last year’s second quarter on an
as reported basis.

Breaking down OPEX lines, results were the following:

           ● Sales & Marketing grew less than revenues, at 21% year on year to $35.3
             million dollars, or 17.7% of revenues.
           ● Product Development Expenses, a key area of investment for us also grew less
             than revenues, at 23% to $24.2 million dollars, representing 12.1% of
             revenues.
           ● General & Administrative expenses totaled $34.6 million dollars, a 68%
             increase including the impact of the Venezuelan write off, representing 17.3%
             of revenues.
                  ○ Within this G&A number, operating expenses related to the
                     Venezuelan impairment were 13.7 million.

Consequently, on an as reported basis, operating income for the quarter was $32.2 million
dollars, down 7.1% versus last year.

Below operating income we incurred a $6.6 million dollar loss in financial expenses mostly
corresponding to interest accrual on the convertible bond we issued in mid 2014.

Interest income was $8 million dollars, up 75% year on year explained by improving yields
on locally invested cash positions and increases in interest rates.

                                                                                             6
Further down, our forex line was negative $5.4 million, mainly due to the depreciation of our
net monetary asset position in local currency in Venezuela.

Income tax expense was $12.4 million dollars during the quarter, yielding a blended tax rate
for the period of 44%. Excluding the impact of the Venezuelan impairments on G&A, forex
and tax, the blended tax rate for the second quarter would have been 30%.

As a result of all this, as reported Net income came in at $15.9 million dollars or 7.9% of
revenues in the second quarter, resulting in basic net income per common share of 36 cents.

Before I wrap up, let me break down for you what the results would have looked like,
excluding the impact of the Venezuelan write offs that occurred during the quarter: operating
income would have increased 33% to 45.9 million dollars, representing 23% of revenues,
versus 22.4% a year ago, and 19.3% during the first quarter of 2016. Net income would have
been $32.7 million dollars, a margin of 16.4%, and an earnings per share of 74 cents, vs
12.6% and 44 cents a year ago respectively.

[PAUSE]

Purchases of property and equipment, intangible assets, advances for fixed assets and
payments for businesses acquired, net of cash acquired totaled $27.6 million dollars during
the quarter. For the period ended on June 30th, therefore, free cash flow, was $29.0 million
dollars.

And now, wrapping up, we declared our quarterly dividend of $6.6 million dollars, or 15
cents per share, payable on October 14th, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of the
close of business on September 30, 2016.

[LONG PAUSE]

This concludes our financial review and operational metrics overview for the quarter. We
strongly believe the results validate that Mercado Libre is on the forefront of innovation when
it comes to delivering world class technology solutions in commerce, and they also give us
the determination that we can continue to execute well when it comes to meeting the
demands that our increasingly sophisticated user base requires. We’ll continue working with
a balanced and disciplined approach to scaling the business for the long term, while also
trying to capitalizing to the fullest on the strong secular trends our region and industry offers.

And now, we’d like to take your questions…




                                                                                                7
