MERCADOLIBRE 2Q18 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT

Date: August 8th, 2018

Part I: Introduction and Disclaimer – Investor Relations

Hello everyone, and welcome to the MercadoLibre earnings conference call for the
quarter ended June 30th, 2018. I am Federico Sandler, Head of Investor Relations for
MercadoLibre. Our senior manager presenting today is Pedro Arnt, Chief Financial
Officer. Additionally, Marcos Galperin, Chief Executive Officer, and Osvaldo Giménez,
Executive VP of Payments will be available during today’s Q&A session. This
conference call is also being broadcasted over the Internet and is available through the
investor relations section of our website.

[PAUSE]

I remind you that management may make forward-looking statements relating to such
matters as continued growth prospects for the company, industry trends and product and
technology initiatives. These statements are based on currently available information and
our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. While we
believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the
currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed
in this call, for a variety of reasons, including those described in the forward-looking
statements and risk factors sections of our 10-K and other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which are available on our investor relations website. Finally, I
would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss
some non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable
GAAP measures can be found in our second quarter 2018 earnings press release available
on our investor relations website.

[PAUSE]

Now, let me turn the call over to Pedro.
Part II: Overview & Financial Results – Pedro Arnt

Thanks Federico. Let me kickoff today’s call by saying that our business continues on a
positive trajectory, the outlook for our industry is as positive as ever, and our investment
thesis remains intact. The internet is rapidly becoming a driving force for Latin America
to develop and modernize faster, turning a history of underdeveloped infrastructure in the
areas of retail, and banking from a disadvantage to an advantage, as it allows for
innovation to flourish unencumbered by existing legacy players. It is in this context of
inefficient retail and payments industries that we are deploying our technology solutions,
allowing consumers to leapfrog traditional means of buying, selling and paying, straight
into digital use cases. This long-term secular trend of digitally enabled commerce and
money bodes well for Mercado Libre´s future growth prospects, and marks the path for
significant long-term value creation for both our users and shareholders.

[PAUSE]

Never losing sight of this promising long-term outlook, it is fair to say that the second
quarter of this year has been a transitional quarter for us, with mixed results. As a
consequence of events in Brazil that were beyond our control: principally, the price
increases from our major postal partner, and the May truckers strike that lasted ten days
and had a negative impact on e-commerce, we have had to adjust our operational model
to re-balance growth and profitability. Throughout the quarter we have had to carry out
price increases, limit the amount of shipping subsidies offered, and accelerate the
deployment of our logistics operations in Brazil and Mexico, so as to be able to return to
profitability during the second half of the year. As a consequence of these necessary
modifications, we have seen a deceleration in our growth rates in these markets.
Notwithstanding this lower, yet still robust growth, we trust the operating model put in
place for H2’18 is the correct, profitable one, that sets us up for the sustainable, long term
value creation I outlined in my opening remark.

[LONG PAUSE]

With that context, let’s begin by taking a look at our Marketplace business highlights for
the quarter.

[PAUSE]

Let's start with our largest market, Brazil. On an FX neutral basis, GMV there grew 44%
and items sold 43% YoY. The deceleration in growth is explained for, by the most part,
by price increases carried out in late March, tougher comps and the trucker’s strike that
started during the end of May, and finally, rationalization of the availability of free
shipping subsidies in certain routes and categories carried out in June.

Beyond Brazil, on a per country basis results were more encouraging:

In Mexico, another critical market for us, FX neutral GMV grew at 73% and continued
to grow at one of the fastest rates of the last few years. Items sold in Mexico grew at a
very strong 91% YoY, as our free shipping program reached 92% of shipped merchandise
volume and was complemented with successful execution of seasonal promotional
initiatives during the second quarter, such as the Mexican Hot Sale week.
Argentina continues accelerating both in units sold and FX neutral GMV basis. FX neutral
GMV grew for the third consecutive quarter above 50% reaching 57% growth YoY. Items
sold delivered the fastest pace of growth in the last 10 quarters growing 54% YoY aided
in part by easier comps as well as promotional initiatives similar to those in Mexico.

Colombia was a highlight for the quarter, as we reignited vibrancy on the platform as our
free shipping and loyalty programs begin to gain critical mass there. From a GMV
perspective on an FX neutral basis, Colombia delivered the fastest pace of growth in the
past five years, reaching 45% YoY, while items sold also followed suit accelerating to an
all-time high of 100% YoY growth.

And finally, Chile which is also on a solid growth trajectory delivered FX neutral GMV
growth of 53% YoY, while in units sold it delivered a record 82% YoY growth, as
Mercado Pago gains rapid adoption on our marketplace there, and free shipping also
expands its footprint.

[PAUSE]

Growth during the quarter had a strong impulse from increases in buyer engagement.
Brazil, Mexico, and Argentina are all maintaining user engagement momentum, as items
per unique buyer per quarter grew again above 20% when compared to last year. Chile &
Colombia grew at an even faster clip in this metric, at 42% YoY and 32% YoY
respectively. Consequently, items sold per unique buyer, accelerated for the 21st
consecutive quarter, and surpassed 5 items purchased per quarter when looked at on a
consolidated basis for all our marketplaces.

[PAUSE]

These segment results in our retail key performance indicators, translated into a strong
consolidated marketplace quarter.

During this quarter:

      Units sold on consolidated basis grew 39% to 85.4 million. However, if we
       exclude Venezuela from last year’s comp now that we have de-consolidated that
       operation, same-country items sold growth was 51 YoY%.
      Gross Merchandise Volume reached $3.14 billion dollars, growing 15.2% year on
       year in dollars, while on an FX neutral basis GMV growth was 35.9% year on
       year. Here again, if we exclude Venezuela, same-country GMV growth was
       29,3% in dollars and on an FX neutral basis would have been 52.5% year on year.
      Same country unique buyers grew by 16% versus the prior year. And excluding
       Venezuela, unique buyers would have grown by 24% YoY.
      And finally, live listings, where we remain the top e-commerce offering in product
       assortment, accelerated for the sixth consecutive quarter above 50% YoY. It was
       also the first time in our history that we exceeded 150 million listings available
       on our websites.

[PAUSE]
Before we move on to payments, let me give you a quick status update on where we are
on our logistics initiatives.

During the month of June, we launched our second cross docking center in Brazil,
contributing incremental capacity to our logistics network, and allowing us to gain more
control over network efficiency. Exiting the quarter, close to 10% of the shipped volume
in our Brazilian operation was being handled by partners on our logistics network of cross
docking & fulfillment centers, vs. the remainder of the volume still running on our drop-
ship network.

Mexico continues to delight our consumers with great service levels in logistics. 98% of
shipments there where made within the promised delivery window, and 78% of these
occurred in less than 48 hours. We are also able to report that during the month of April.
we began operations of our new 323 thousand square foot fulfillment center in Mexico
City managed with our in-house proprietary warehouse and transportation management
technology. Although at quarter’s end we were still fulfilling single digits of total shipped
orders from that fulfillment center, the amount of orders we are processing is growing
fast, and we expect for our fulfillment solutions to grow in share of shipments for many
years to come.

In Argentina we drove adoption of shipments made on our network to a record high 40%
of shipped volume, entirely through our existing cross docking centers, as fulfillment
operations operated for MELI are only scheduled to launch there in the first half of 2019.

[LONG PAUSE]

Let’s now move on to payments, an ever more important building block for our business.

The growing scale of Mercado Pago in tandem with better user engagement and higher
retention, were powerful catalysts that contributed to the solid on marketplace payment
volume growth we delivered during the quarter. On an FX neutral basis, consolidated on
marketplace total payment volume grew by 49% YoY, driven by strong penetration gains
in Chile, Colombia, and Uruguay which were partially offset by lower TPV growth in
Brazil.

Almost 9 out of every 10 items sold on our marketplaces are now already paid for and
settled with Mercado Pago. As a result of this nearly full adoption of MercadoPago on
our marketplaces, we now can increasingly re-assign resources in the payments teams
towards our off marketplace opportunities in fin-tech, where we believe the opportunity
is enormous.

[PAUSE]

With greater focus and resources than in the past, our off marketplace efforts are
beginning to pick up steam. TPV grew 142% on an FX neutral basis and 96% in USD,
growing almost 3x faster than on marketplace growth TPV on an FX neutral basis. The
excellent execution in off platform payments efforts both online, though our merchant
services business, and offline through our mPos offerings and mobile wallet businesses
are resulting in a growing share of payment volume away from Mercado Libre’s
marketplaces. Over the last year alone, off platform total payment volume has gained
almost 10 percentage points, reaching almost ⅓ of total payments during the quarter.

On a segment basis, Brazil was a stellar performer again, as FX neutral off platform total
payment volume grew for the 5th consecutive quarter above 100% YoY and delivered
the fastest pace of growth in over a year, reaching 170% YoY. Argentina followed suit,
delivering the second straight quarter of FX neutral off platform total payment volume
that was north of 100%. Mexico, Colombia, and Chile were also strong contributors, with
FX neutral TPV accelerating on a year on year basis to 88% in Mexico, 103% in Colombia
and 110% in Chile.

[PAUSE]

Let me now take a moment to talk about the biggest driver of this growth in off
marketplace payments in Brazil and Argentina: our O2O initiatives powered by the
rollout of our mobile point-of-sale devices and co-branded credit card units. When we
began distributing mobile Pos devices we made our first steps in providing bottom of the
pyramid merchants the ability to accept credit cards and offered them opportunities to
engage in commerce whence they were traditionally excluded. The growth of these mPos
devices sold and FX neutral TPV yielded from mPos devices in Brazil and Argentina
have been key levers to continue scaling off platform payments ecosystem and this
quarter’s results were an example of that. On an FX neutral basis TPV on mPos grew
north of 550% both Brazil and Argentina as we continue to serve long-tail merchants, a
segment of sellers we believe is still largely under-penetrated. Mexico also delivered
encouraging results on the mPos business with record sales of devices in May and June
as we launched a new device and improved performance of online customer acquisition
channels. On the card side, the installed base of cards has reached nearly one million pre-
paid cards linked to Pago accounts in Brazil, Argentina and Mexico, allowing our users
to use their stored balances on our merchants MPOS devices, or wherever Mastercard is
accepted both in online and offline venues.

[PAUSE]

During the quarter we also took further steps to grow our offline service offering through
the buildout of a proprietary alternative payments network powered by QR codes and our
digital mobile wallet. In our view, this network has the potential to empower millions of
people throughout Latin America to participate more actively in the formal economy than
ever before. As such, we officially launched our QR code and mobile payments ecosystem
in Argentina this quarter, as we began to scale our two sided payments network, adding
important lighthouse merchants that drive greater frequency of use and payment volume.

Along those same lines, we are encouraged to see unique payers and unique collectors in
our mobile wallet business growing well, as each type of user grew triple digits YoY
during the quarter, albeit still from a small base.

[PAUSE]

And finally within the fin-tech ecosystem, our merchant and consumer credit business is
also performing well. We are proud to be able to empower buyers and sellers by
improving the flow and access to credit to them, and we took important steps in those
respects during the second quarter principally in Brazil. On the merchant side, we began
to unlock capital constraints to growth in our credits business, as we began securitizing
funding from private investors in order to provide loans to our merchant base without
being limited by our own capital capacity. On the buyers side, we launched our consumer
credit lending business, taking another important step in stimulating demand by offering
more compelling credit offerings to them. This is an important milestone for us, as it will
not only begin to allow many of our buyers who do not hold a credit card to be able to
purchase on credit in our marketplace, but also improve the value proposition for those
buyers who do own a credit card but are constrained by its low limits. During the quarter,
our credits business surpassed the $10 million dollar mark in revenues for the first time,
reaching $13.9 million dollars, growing triple digits both on an FX neutral basis and in
USD, on a credit portfolio of $112 million dollars.

[LONG PAUSE]

Having covered the strong quarterly KPI’s, let’s move on to a more challenging picture
on the financial side. As mentioned earlier, financial results during the first half of the
year were affected by the abrupt changes in the cost structure of our logistics operation at
a period in which our free shipping offering has been in rapid expansion. Consequently,
Q2 was a transition quarter where we spent the better part of the period adjusting our
financial model in order to re-align with our commitment to deliver profitable growth.
We feel that we have made strides in this direction, and will continue to make changes to
our pricing model and free shipping program as we see fit and have found pricing levels
towards the end of the Q that deliver both profit and growth once again.

During the second quarter, Gross Billings came in at $432 million dollars a 36% growth
in USD and on an FX neutral basis 65% YoY growth. This marks the 14th consecutive
quarter of FX neutral growth above 60% YoY.

On a by country basis gross billings were strong across the board:

           o   For the second quarter of 2018, and on an FX neutral basis, gross billings
               would have been as follows: 68% for Brazil, 78% for Argentina, 63% for
               Mexico, 64% for Colombia, 62% in Chile, and 84% in Uruguay, all of
               these expressed on a constant currency basis.

           o   Shipping subsidies totaled to $97 million dollars, down 13% versus last
               quarter. This QoQ contraction was attributed to two main factors:

                   o   The first one is related to our efforts in optimizing the unit
                       economics and subsidies in our free shipping program in Brazil,
                       were we limited the availability of free shipping in certain
                       categories and routes (second and third tier cities of the North East
                       of Brazil) as a response to the price increases from our main
                       logistics partner at the end of the quarter.

                   o   The second, is due to the Brazilian trucker strike. This action
                       affected volume of sales and shipments of free shipping for
                       approximately 10 days during end of May and beginning of June.
As a consequence of the tinkering and optimizing of the free shipping program, we were
able to accelerate Net Revenue growth versus Q1, as it came in at $335 million dollars,
growing 18% YoY in USD, and accelerating 14 percentage points to 44% YoY on when
looked at on an FX neutral basis.

Bear in mind that during the quarter USD growth rates were negatively impacted due by
the devaluation of currencies in Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico. The Argentine peso
devalued 33% YoY, the Brazilian Real (11% YoY) and the Mexican Peso (4.5%).

On a segment basis, as reported quarterly net revenue year on year was solid as well:
Brazil grew at 40%, Argentina at 68%, Mexico at 71%, Colombia at 51%, Chile at 42%,
and Uruguay at 84%, all of these once again expressed in constant currencies.

[PAUSE]

Non-Marketplace revenues where a strong contributor to revenue growth, reaching
$179.2 million dollars, growing 72% in USD, and accelerating for the sixth consecutive
quarter on an FX neutral basis to 96% YoY.

Non-marketplace revenue growth was driven for the most part by:

           o   The stellar performance of our payments revenue streams off marketplace,
               which on an FX neutral basis grew above 100% for the second consecutive
               quarter reaching 132% YoY growth.

           o   And advertising, which also contributed to the strong performance in the
               segment accelerating to 65% YoY growth on an FX neutral basis and
               gaining share as a percentage of revenues.

[PAUSE]

Gross profit ascended to $159.7 million dollars during the quarter, representing 48% of
revenues versus 60% in the second quarter of last year. This deterioration in gross margin
is primarily explained by the formulaic changes in Revenues due to the implementation
of ASC 606. For comparative purposes, COGS as a percentage of gross billings
represented 40.6% this quarter versus 35.5% for the same quarter last year.

Additionally, the cost of mPos devices, issuance of MercadoPago credit and debit cards,
increased collection fees from our growing payments business, and increasing costs of
deploying our infrastructure on public clouds explain the gross margin compression. We
have included a detailed breakdown, of these, and also the OPEX margin evolution I am
about to cover in the slides that accompany this presentation.

[PAUSE]

Operating expenses totaled $188 million dollars, or 56% of revenues versus 50% of
revenues during the same period last year. OPEX margin deterioration is also primarily
explained by the formulaic changes in revenue recognition due to the implementation of
ASC 606. For comparative purposes, operating expenses as a percentage of gross billings
represented 44% this quarter versus 45% for the same quarter last year.
As reported drivers of OPEX compression were incremental marketing costs, as we
continue to invest for growth, increased loan loss provisions as our credit portfolio grows,
and buyer protection payouts as a consequence of deteriorated service levels by logistics
partners during the quarter in Brazil.

Operating losses, therefore, amounted to $28.2 million, or negative 8.4% of revenues,
versus negative $29.4 million the prior quarter, despite having been impacted by
increased shipping costs in Brazil during the entire three month period, versus only 14
days during the first quarter.

[PAUSE]

Further down our P&L, and with details also presented in the accompanying slides, we
reported a net reported loss of $11.3 million dollars, and a basic net loss per share of $0.25
cents.

Operating cash flow for the quarter was $144.2 million dollars. The increase in net cash
provided by operating activities during the three-month period was primarily driven by
improvements in the cash generation of our payments business in Argentina, as we
discounted a larger volume of receivables than in the past.

Wrapping up, purchases of property plant and equipment, intangible assets and advances
for fixed assets totaled $24 million dollars during the quarter. Cash, restricted cash, short-
term investments and long-term investments at the end of the quarter totaled $605 million
dollars.

[PAUSE]

This concludes my review for the second quarter. Summarizing what we’ve seen, we
believe that the secular trend of the internet and ecommerce in the region are playing to
our strengths, leaving us well positioned to drive our future growth. As we move into the
second half of 2018 and beyond, we will continue to drive sustainable efficiencies through
cost discipline, while also fostering innovation, reducing complexity in our processes,
and improving the user experience for our users. I look forward to keeping you updated
as we continue to grow our platforms and strive to capture the still nascent opportunity
behind payments and commerce throughout Latin America.

And with that, we can now take your questions...
