<< Back
May 6, 2009
MercadoLibre, Inc. Reports Financial Results for First Quarter 2009 49 KB


MercadoLibre, Inc. Reports Financial Results for First Quarter 2009
    Q1'09 Revenue Increases by 12% Year-Over-Year to $32.3 Million                  Q1'09 Net Income Increases by 161% Year-Over-Year to $5.4 Million                                   Q1'09 Earnings Per Share

BUENOS AIRES, Argentina, May 6, 2009 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MercadoLibre, Inc. (Nasdaq:MELI) (http://www.mercadolibre.com), host of the largest online commerce platform in Latin America, today
reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2009.

Marcos Galperin, President and Chief Executive Officer of MercadoLibre, Inc., commented, "We are pleased that we have continued our strong positive momentum into 2009 and are very encouraged
by our performance. We have been particularly gratified with the continued growth in successful items, which has consistently accelerated over the past 4 quarters, as this is a key to the ongoing
success of our company. As we move forward, we plan to continue our focus on a number of important initiatives that will enable us to continue enhancing our platform and further elevate the user
experience as we drive long-term growth."

Financial Results

First Quarter 2009 Financial Results Summary

MercadoLibre reported consolidated net revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2009 of $32.3 million, representing a year-over-year growth rate of 12.1%.

Revenue growth was driven by increased consumer demand for both the MercadoLibre Marketplace and MercadoPago Payments offerings. Successful items on MercadoLibre grew 29.4%, gross
merchandise volume in local currencies grew 40.7% and total payments volume in local currencies grew 31.9% year over year, despite a weaker macroeconomic environment throughout Latin
America. Marketplace revenue grew 10.5% to $26.0 million from $23.5 million in the prior year quarter and Payments revenue grew 18.8% to $6.4 million from $5.4 million in the prior year first
quarter, both impacted by weakened local currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. Local currency consolidated net revenues for the first quarter of 2009 grew 36.9% over the same quarter of
2008.

First quarter 2009 gross profit margin increased slightly to 79.5% when compared to 79.1% for the first quarter of 2008. Gross profit grew 12.6% to $25.7 million from $22.8 million in the prior year
quarter.

Income from operations grew 3.4% to $6.8 million in the first quarter of 2009 compared to $6.5 million in the first quarter of 2008. Operating income margin for the first quarter of 2009 was 20.9%, a
decrease from 22.7% for the same period one year earlier.

Income from operations was negatively impacted by $2.0 million from the re-measurement of U.S. dollar denominated expenses in the company's Venezuelan subsidiaries, of which $0.5 million were
recorded as cost of net revenues and $1.6 million as operating expenses, and by $0.4 million incurred in withholding taxes in Brazil and Mexico.

Net income for the three-month period ending March 31, 2009 was $5.4 million, an increase of 160.7% over the $2.1 million of net income for the same period of 2008. Net income margin was 16.7%
for the quarter compared to 7.2% for the same quarter during 2008. Net income for the first quarter 2009, measured in local currencies, grew 198.4% over the same period one year earlier. Net
Income, or Earnings, per share for the quarter were $0.12.

The blended tax rate for the first quarter of 2009 fell to 23.7% versus a blended tax rate of 58.1% for the first quarter of 2008 as a consequence of certain non recurring items and improvements in the
company's tax planning.

Foreign currency gains for the first quarter of 2009 were $1.9 million, versus a loss of $1.0 million for the prior year period. Foreign exchange gains were primarily a consequence of the appreciation of
U.S. dollar denominated assets, and of the re-measurement of U.S. dollar denominated accounts payable in Venezuela being recognized as either cost of net revenues or operational expenses in 2009,
instead of being reported as foreign currency losses as was the case in the first quarter of 2008.

Key Performance Metrics

The following table summarizes certain key performance metrics for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2009.

                                                               Three Months                                                                       ended March 31,

Conference Call and Webcast

MercadoLibre will host a conference call and audio webcast on May 6, 2009 at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The conference call may be accessed by dialing 719-325-4766 and requesting inclusion in the
call for MercadoLibre. The live conference call can be accessed via audio webcast at the investor relations section of the Company's website, at http://investor.mercadolibre.com. An archive of the
webcast will be available for one week following the conclusion of the conference call.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

This press release includes financial measures defined as "non-GAAP financial measures" by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). See "Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance" for
more information about these measures.

Definition of Selected Operational Metrics

New confirmed registered users -- Measure of the number of new users who have registered on the MercadoLibre Marketplace and confirmed their registration.

Total confirmed registered users -- Measure of the cumulative number of users who have registered on the MercadoLibre Marketplace and confirmed their registration.

Gross merchandise volume -- Measure of the total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions completed through the MercadoLibre Marketplace, excluding motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft, real estate, and
services.

Successful items -- Measure of the number of items sold/purchased through the MercadoLibre Marketplace.

Total payment volume -- Measure of total U.S. dollar value of all transactions paid for using MercadoPago.

Total payment transactions -- Measure of the total number of transactions paid for using MercadoPago.

Gross profit margin -- Defined as gross profit as a percentage of net revenues.

Operating margin -- Defined as income from operations as a percentage of net revenues.

Net Income margin -- Defined as net income as a percentage of net revenues.

Blended tax rate -- Defined as income and alternative income taxes plus deferred income tax as a percentage of pre-tax income.

Effective tax rate -- Defined as the provision for income taxes as a percentage of pre-tax income.

Local currency financial metric growth -- Calculated by using the average monthly exchange rates for each month during 2008 and applying them to the corresponding months in 2009, so as to
calculate what financial results would have been had exchange rates remained stable from one year to the next.

About MercadoLibre

MercadoLibre is the largest online commerce platform in Latin America. We are market leaders in e-commerce in each of Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Uruguay and
Venezuela, based on unique visitors and page views during 2008. Additionally, we have recently launched online trading platforms in Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic and Panama. With a
population of over 550 million people and a region with one of the world's fastest-growing Internet penetration rates, we provide buyers and sellers a robust online trading environment that fosters the
development of a large and growing e-commerce community. We offer a technological and commercial solution that addresses the distinctive cultural and geographic challenges of operating an online
trading platform in Latin America.

The MercadoLibre, Inc. logo is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=4193

Forward-Looking Statements

Any statements contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about the company's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements and
should be evaluated as such. Such forward-looking statements reflect, among other things, the company's current expectations, plans, projections and strategies, anticipated financial results, future
events and financial trends affecting the company's business, all of which are subject to known or unknown risk and uncertainties that may cause the company's actual results to differ materially from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including general market conditions, adverse changes in the company's markets and other risks disclosed in the company's filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Because of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.

Financial Tables

                     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                           March 31,         December 31,                                                           2009

                     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income                                                           Three months ended March 31,                                                              2

              Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                            Three months ended March 31,                                                            200

               Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                            Three months ended March 31,                                                               20

 The following tables summarize the financial results of our reporting segments:                                                 Three months ended March 31, 2009                                        ---------

Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance

This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Rules to supplement the company's condensed consolidated financial
statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP.

These measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition,
these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. Non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with
MercadoLibre's results of operations as the corresponding GAAP measures.

Reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure of all non-GAAP financial measures included in this press release can be found in the tables included at the end of this press release.

These non-GAAP measures are provided to enhance investors' overall understanding of the company's current financial performance. Specifically, the company believes the non-GAAP measures
provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain compensation expenses and unusual foreign currency effects that may not be indicative of its core operating
results, thereby enhancing an investor's ability to make period over period comparisons of the company's results. The company believes the inclusion of these non-GAAP measures provides an
element of consistency in the company's financial reporting and uses these measures in internal budgets and models and in determining executive compensation benchmarks.

EBITDA is a common financial measure defined by MercadoLibre as income from operations plus depreciation and amortization.

MercadoLibre defines non-GAAP free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less property, plant and equipment investments and intangible assets.

MercadoLibre also includes each of income from operations, net income, earnings per basic and diluted share, EBITDA, blended and effective tax rates and certain margin percentages for the quarter
ended March 31, 2009 after excluding (or adding back) the following charges required by GAAP:

Compensation Costs Related to Acquisitions: This amount relates to the purchase price of the shares of CMG and its subsidiaries. Under EITF 95-8 "Accounting for Contingent Consideration Paid to the
Shareholders of an Acquired Enterprise in a Purchase Business Combination", we have recognized a contingent consideration paid to former shareholders as compensation for services. As of March 31,
2008 the accrued compensation costs amounted to $0.4 million. Total compensation paid in cash amounts to $1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. This compensation was paid out in
the second quarter of 2008. The following tables show a reconciliation of this exclusion from the GAAP measures to the non-GAAP measures.

Long term retention compensation costs: In addition to annual salary and bonus, MercadoLibre has adopted a long term retention component of executive compensation that pays cash and grants
shares of common stock to employees ratably in succeeding years based on achievement of company and individual performance benchmarks during the measurement year. The U.S. GAAP
compensation cost of approved and projected retention plans is recognized in accordance with the graded-vesting attribution method and is accrued up to each payment day. The non-GAAP measures
were calculated with the cost of each year being accrued in the full fiscal year immediately preceding the payment date. The following table shows the impact of the difference in the accruing method
as if the LTRP were a cash bonus and to highlight this accruing matter.

Reconciliation of certain Non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures

                                                 Three months ended March 31,                                                      -----------------------------

MELI_F

CONTACT:   MercadoLibre, Inc.                Investor Relations:               Pedro Arnt                +54 (11) 5352 8000                  investor@mercadolibre.com                 Media Relations:

(C) Copyright 2009 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.
