<< Back
August 5, 2009
MercadoLibre, Inc. Reports Financial Results for Second Quarter 2009 55.9 KB


MercadoLibre, Inc. Reports Financial Results for Second Quarter 2009
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina, Aug. 5, 2009 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --

 * Q2'09 revenue increases by 19% year-over-year to $40.9 million;                  year-over-year growth in local currency increases by 42% * Q2'09 net income increases by 127% year-over-ye

MercadoLibre, Inc. (Nasdaq:MELI) (http://www.mercadolibre.com), Latin America's leading e-commerce technology company, today reported financial results for the second quarter ended June 30,
2009.

Marcos Galperin, President and Chief Executive Officer of MercadoLibre, Inc., commented, "We are delighted with the accelerating growth that we continue to experience in many facets of our business
and in every country in which we operate, in particular with the strong performance of MercadoPago. As we look ahead, we are optimistic about our prospects for continued high rates of growth as
consumers in Latin America increase their spending within an improving regional economic context and continue to rapidly expand their usage of the internet."

Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results Summary

MercadoLibre reported consolidated net revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2009 of $40.9 million, representing a year-over-year growth rate of 18.7% in US dollars and 41.6% in local
currencies.

Marketplace revenue grew 9.5% to $31.0 million in the second quarter of 2009 from $28.3 million a year earlier, and Payments revenue grew 60.5% to $9.9 million from $6.2 million in the prior year
quarter. Year-over-year revenue growth in both platforms was impacted by unfavorable currency exchange rates between local currencies and the U.S. dollar. When measured in local currencies,
Marketplace revenue grew 29.2% and Payments 98.7%, when compared to the same quarter one year earlier. Strong revenue growth was primarily attributable to positive demand for MercadoLibre
services. Items sold on MercadoLibre grew 34.8%, representing the fifth consecutive quarter in which the year over year growth of this metric has accelerated. Total payments transactions grew 42.2%
when compared to the second quarter of 2008.

Second quarter 2009 gross profit margin was 79.0% when compared to 80.0% for the second quarter of 2008, as our lower gross margin Payments business grew from 17.9% to 24.2% of net
revenues. Gross profit grew 17.2% to $32.3 million from $27.6 million in the prior year quarter.

Income from operations grew 52.3% to $12.4 million in the second quarter of 2009 compared to $8.1 million in the second quarter of 2008. Operating income margin for the second quarter of 2009
was 30.3%, an increase from 23.6% for the same period one year earlier.

The blended tax rate for the second quarter of 2009 fell to 19.8% as compared to a blended tax rate of 45.5% for the second quarter of 2008 as a consequence of improvements in the company's tax
planning and other non-recurring items.

Foreign currency losses for the second quarter of 2009 were $1.3 million, as compared to a loss of $2.1 million for the prior year period. Foreign exchange losses were primarily a consequence of the
depreciating local currency value, during the second quarter of 2009, of the U.S. dollar denominated assets held by our Brazilian subsidiary.

Net income for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 was $6.7 million, representing an increase of 126.7% over the $2.9 million of net income for the same period of 2008. Net income for the
second quarter 2009, measured in local currencies, grew 158.0% over the same period one year earlier. Net income margin was 16.3% for the quarter compared to 8.5% for the same quarter during
2008. Earnings, per share for the second quarter were $0.15 compared to $0.07 for the same quarter one year earlier.

The following table summarizes certain key performance metrics for the three months ended June 30, 2008 and 2009.

 Key Performance Metrics ---------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                      Three Months ended June 30, -----------

Gross merchandise volume in local currencies grew 50.6% and total payments transactions grew 42.2% in local currencies year over year.

Conference Call and Webcast

MercadoLibre will host a conference call and audio webcast on August 5, 2009 at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The conference call may be accessed by dialing (973) 935-8579 and requesting inclusion in
the call for MercadoLibre. The live conference call can be accessed via audio webcast at the investor relations section of the Company's website, at http://investor.mercadolibre.com. An archive of the
webcast will be available for one week following the conclusion of the conference call.

Definition of Selected Operational Metrics

New confirmed registered users -- Measure of the number of new users who have registered on the MercadoLibre Marketplace and confirmed their registration.

Total confirmed registered users -- Measure of the cumulative number of users who have registered on the MercadoLibre Marketplace and confirmed their registration.

Gross merchandise volume -- Measure of the total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions completed through the MercadoLibre Marketplace, excluding motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft, real estate, and
services.

Items sold (Successful items) -- Measure of the number of items sold/purchased through the MercadoLibre Marketplace.

Total payment volume -- Measure of total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions paid for using MercadoPago.

Total payment transactions -- Measure of the number of all transactions paid for using MercadoPago.

Gross profit margin -- Defined as gross profit as a percentage of net revenues.

Operating margin -- Defined as income from operations as a percentage of net revenues.

Net Income margin -- Defined as net income as a percentage of net revenues.

Blended tax rate -- Defined as income and alternative income taxes plus deferred income tax as a percentage of pre-tax income.

Effective tax rate -- Defined as the provision for income taxes as a percentage of pre-tax income.

Local currency financial metric growth -- Calculated by applying the average 2008 monthly exchange rates for each month of the period during 2008 to the results during the corresponding months in
2009, so as to calculate what the growth would have been had exchange rates been the same throughout both periods.

About MercadoLibre

Founded in 1999 and headquartered in Buenos Aires, Argentina, MercadoLibre is Latin America's leading e-commerce technology company. Through its primary platforms, MercadoLibre.com and
MercadoPago.com, it provides solutions to individuals and companies buying, selling, advertising, and paying for goods online.

MercadoLibre.com serves millions of users and creates a market for a wide variety of goods and services in an easy, safe and efficient way. The site is among the top 50 in the world in terms of page
views and is the leading retail platform in unique visitors in each country in which it operates according to metrics provided by comScore Networks.

MercadoLibre maintains a leadership position in 12 Latin American countries. The Company listed on Nasdaq (Nasdaq:MELI) following its initial public offering in 2007.

For more information about the company visit: http://investor.mercadolibre.com

Forward-Looking Statements

Any statements contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about the company's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements and
should be evaluated as such. Such forward-looking statements reflect, among other things, the company's current expectations, plans, projections and strategies, anticipated financial results, future
events and financial trends affecting the company's business, all of which are subject to known or unknown risk and uncertainties that may cause the company's actual results to differ materially from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including general market conditions, adverse changes in the company's markets as well as those risks and uncertainties included
under the captions "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2008 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, which are on file with the SEC and is available on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Additional
information will also be set forth in the company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, which it expects to file with the SEC in August 2009. All information provided in
this release and in the attachments is as of August 5, 2009 and MercadoLibre undertakes no duty to update this information.

Because of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.

Consolidated balance sheets ---------------------------                                                           June 30,           December 31,                                                     2009

Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance

This press release may include certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Rules to supplement the company's consolidated financial statements
presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP.

These measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. In addition,
these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. Non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with
MercadoLibre's results of operations as the corresponding GAAP measures.

Reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure of all non-GAAP financial measures included in this press release can be found in the tables included at the end of this press release.

These non-GAAP measures are provided to enhance investors overall understanding of the company's current financial performance. Specifically, the company believes the non-GAAP measures
provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain compensation expenses and unusual foreign currency effects that may not be indicative of its core operating
results, thereby enhancing an investor's ability to make period over period comparisons of the company's results. The company believes the inclusion of these non-GAAP measures provides an
element of consistency in the company's financial reporting and uses these measures in internal budgets and models and in determining executive compensation benchmarks.

MercadoLibre defines non-GAAP free cash flow as non-GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less property, plant and equipment investments and intangible assets.

In this press release MercadoLibre also includes each of income from operations, net income, earnings per basic and diluted share, blended and effective tax rates and certain margin percentages for
the quarter ended June 30, 2009 after excluding (or adding back) the following charges required by GAAP:

 * Compensation Costs Related to Acquisitions: This amount relates to                  the purchase price of the shares of CMG and its subsidiaries.               Under EITF 95-8 "Accounting for Conti

For the 2008 LTRP and the Variable Payment of the 2009 LTRP, the US GAAP compensation cost is recognized in accordance with the graded-vesting attribution method and is accrued up to each
payment day. For the Fixed Payment of the 2009 LTRP, the compensation cost is recognized in a straight-line basis. The non-GAAP measures were calculated with the cost for each year being accrued
in the full fiscal year immediately preceding the payment date according to the same payment schedule in which 22% of the cost of the 2008 LTRP plan vests during the year ended December 31
2009, and 12.5% of the cost of the 2009 LTRP vests during the year ended December 31, 2009. The following tables show a reconciliation of this cost from the GAAP measures to the non-GAAP
measures.

Venezuelan foreign currency re-measurement effect: This amount relates to re-measurement of assets and liabilities in U.S. dollars in the Venezuelan statutory Financial Statements. Based on
paragraph 27 of FAS 52 "Foreign Currency Translation", the Venezuelan subsidiaries have re-measured the assets and liabilities outstanding at June 30, 2009 in U.S. dollar balances at the parallel
exchange rate and translated them to the official exchange rate. The following tables exclude the foreign currency re-measurement effect generated from applying different exchange rates in order to
facilitate comparisons to other quarters, or year to date figures, and to highlight this exchange rate matter.

The following provide a reconciliation of certain Non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures.

 ------------------------       ------------------------                               Six Months Ended             Three Months Ended                                    June 30,                      June

CONTACT:   MercadoLibre, Inc.                Investor Relations contact:                 Pedro Arnt                  +54 (11) 5352 8000                    investor@mercadolibre.com                 Media Rel

(C) Copyright 2009 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.
