          Q2’23 Results




MercadoLibre, Inc.
    Second Quarter 2023



Letter to Shareholders
        > August 2nd, 2023
                                                                                              Q2’23 Results




MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, August 2nd, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MercadoLibre, Inc. (Nasdaq: MELI)
(http://www.mercadolibre.com), Latin America’s leading e-commerce technology company, today reported ﬁnancial
results for the quarter ended June 30, 2023.



          Net Revenues of $3.4 billion, up 57.2% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis
                   Income from operations of $558 million, with a 16.3% margin
      $42.1 billion Total Payment Volume, up 96.6% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis
    $10.5 billion Gross Merchandise Volume, up 47.2% year-over-year on an FX neutral basis


                                               To our Shareholders

          MercadoLibre had another record quarter in Q2’23, demonstrating our increasing ability to drive
  leverage in our ﬁnancial model. Income from operations of $558mn more than doubled year-on-year, with a
  margin of 16.3% over net revenue of $3,415mn. We continue to extend our leadership position in Commerce,
  with FX-neutral GMV growth of 47% year-on-year (YoY) that includes an acceleration of sold items to +18% YoY
  (from +16% in Q1’23). Our Fintech operation’s momentum remains strong, with year-on-year FX-neutral growth
  of 129% in Oﬀ-platform TPV and a NIMAL spread of almost 37% in our credit business. The strong ﬁnancial
  performance has been broad-based across geographies, with Brazil and Mexico making major contributions to
  the quarter’s proﬁt growth, and further diversifying our proﬁt base. This gives us conﬁdence as we continue to
  execute our growth plans across Latin America.


                                                        Brazil

            In Q2’23, MercadoLibre’s independently measured top-of-mind and brand consideration scores
   reached 2-year and all-time highs (respectively) in Brazil, which is a reﬂection of the strength of our value
   proposition and market position. This ever increasing consumer preference is what drives the growth in our
   GMV, which was 25% higher year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis in Q2’23. As a result, our market share has
   risen both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year, which we believe demonstrates that we are a highly trusted
   and natural destination for buyers and sellers of millions of products. Our Commerce business is better-placed
   than ever in Brazil, yet we continue to work on improving our value proposition even further. A strong case in
   point is the rekindled increase in Fulﬁllment penetration, which rose more than 4ppts vs. Q1’23 and almost
   10ppts year-on-year, unlocking same- and next-day delivery for millions of additional items sold. Another
   example is the expansion of our ﬁrst-party business, whose GMV grew well above the Brazil average and the
   overall 1P business (+59% YoY FX-neutral) in Q2’23. This is helping to ﬁll assortment gaps and improve price
   competitiveness in consumer electronics, which is the largest e-commerce category in Brazil, and also the
   category where we have historically under-indexed in market share. This is being achieved alongside major
   improvements in our 1P margins.

            We are seeing solid results from the cohorts of Mercado Pago credit cards that were issued in recent
   months in Brazil. This gives us conﬁdence that our underwriting for this product has improved, and is enabling
   us to increase issuance of cards. Our other credit products in Brazil delivered healthy levels of proﬁtability and
   delinquency, still driven by a continued cautious approach to originations. Credit is an important piece of the
   value proposition of our digital account, but we are also seeing some encouraging data from other services.
   For example, the number of people using our remunerated account - which pays interest at 100% of the
   benchmark rate as soon as funds are deposited - increased substantially, contributing to a 90% YoY increase in
   assets under management. Our insurance products also continue to gain traction. We have seen
   improvements in perceptions of Mercado Pago as a “one-stop shop” for ﬁnancial services, although we still
   have ample opportunity to improve brand consideration in this service sector.
                                                                                             Q2’23 Results



         Our Acquiring business in Brazil continues to grow at a healthy rate, albeit a little slower than the prior
quarter. We saw a pick-up in the FX-neutral TPV growth of our Merchant Services and QR products, which
oﬀset some of the impact of weaker market growth for POS services. That said, POS TPV growth remains
robust and based on available data, we believe to have outperformed the market in Q2’23.



                                                     Mexico

         In Q2’23, Mexico surpassed Argentina as our second-largest Commerce market measured by GMV,
even though it has been our second largest market in items sold since the end of 2020. Mexico continues to
deliver higher growth in items sold than any of our six largest markets, and this metric accelerated again to
reach +34% year-on-year in the quarter, broadly in-line with Mexico’s FX-neutral GMV growth. The strong
performance was helped by a well-executed and successful Hot Sale event, which helped new buyer growth
reach its highest level for more than two years. We are investing in our logistics network in Mexico so that we
may continue to oﬀer faster delivery than our competitors on the growing base of items sold. As a result, we
opened two new fulﬁllment centers in Mexico City and Merida during Q2’23. We also launched successful
pilots to give buyers a greater range of delivery options, and a choice of whether to optimize speed or price
for purchases below our free shipping threshold.

        Our credit business in Mexico continues to perform very well, with broadly stable proﬁtability and
delinquency in the consumer book, which is growing at an accelerated pace. The penetration of our own credit
as a means of payment on the marketplace in Mexico is well above the average of other countries,
demonstrating the synergy between our Commerce and Fintech platforms. This helps us develop a deeper
understanding of the buyer and their ability to repay, which is useful as we begin the process of developing
our credit card product in Mexico following its launch in Q1’23. In Q2’23, we also enabled the purchase of
extended warranty insurance products for cross-border purchases.

         Our Merchant Services and POS payments processing services in Mexico are growing at high double-
and triple- digit rates respectively. TPV per device doubled year-on-year, which reﬂects our strategy of moving
upmarket to serve larger merchants, and higher take-up of a more sophisticated device that attracts merchants
with greater transactionality than the more basic devices. Scaling the payments processing business is an
important piece of the wider strategy in Mexico to be one of the leaders in the digitalization of cash, which we
are pursuing from both the merchant and the individual sides of transactions.



                                                   Argentina


         The challenging macro environment in Argentina is reducing demand for, and tightening the supply of,
goods in the short-term; as such, our Commerce business saw items sold grow by just 1% year-on-year, making
just a minor contribution to FX-neutral GMV growth of 119% YoY. That said, the macroeconomic backdrop is
also increasing demand for ﬁnancial solutions that enable consumers to better manage their money in an
inﬂationary environment. This is creating a powerful tailwind for Mercado Pago, which saw an 80%
year-on-year increase in the number of users of our investment product, which pays an annualized interest
rate of approximately 80%, and an even larger increase in invested funds. As a result, Mercado Pago now
hosts the largest retail money market fund in the country. This comes with the halo eﬀects of strengthening our
QR network and the engagement users have with our platform on the back of higher money ﬂows through our
digital account.
                                                                                            Q2’23 Results




                                               Other Countries

           We are seeing encouraging signs in some of our smaller markets as a consequence of the
  investments we have been making to lay the foundations for future growth. In Chile, brand consideration is at
  its highest level ever, and was market-leading for the second successive quarter. Fulﬁllment in Chile is
  enabling same- and next-day deliveries above the MercadoLibre average, and in Q2’23 its penetration
  reached a new high, with plenty of room for additional growth. Our Acquiring business in Chile continues to
  scale on the back of the Redelcom acquisition with triple-digit TPV growth (FX-neutral), and we expect to be
  able to begin the process of oﬀering merchants the full suite of Mercado Pago services following regulatory
  clearance to proceed with its full integration. All of these points give us conﬁdence that momentum is building
  in Chile, both in Commerce and in Fintech, and that the country has the potential to be a sizable business for
  MercadoLibre in the long-term.


                                            Consolidated Results
         Our Advertising business had another strong quarter in Q2’23, with FX-neutral revenue growth above
70% for the ﬁfth successive quarter. Revenue as a percentage of GMV hit 1.6%. We are encouraged to see
rising engagement with our advertising platform, with a large part of the quarter’s revenue growth driven by an
increase in the number of sellers using our Product Ads service. This was due to wider access, enhancements
to the bidding process, and improvements in the user experience for self-service sellers. We are encouraged
by the early feedback that we have received from brands and agencies that have interacted with our Ads
Console - launched at the end of Q1’23 - and we continue to work on positioning MercadoLibre as a
destination for Display Ads and brand building with Chief Marketing Oﬃcers.

        We are pleased with our ﬁnancial results for Q2’23. Consolidated revenue growth was 57%
year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis (31% US dollars). Revenue growth in Commerce (65% YoY FX-neutral)
accelerated versus the prior quarter due to higher marketplace monetization and the step-change in the
growth of 1P; Fintech revenue growth (48% YoY FX-neutral) slowed versus the prior quarter as the business
lapped the 2022 peak of growth in credit revenues. That said, both platforms are sustaining high levels of
growth even as margin expansion accelerated.

         Income from operations reached a new quarterly record of $558mn, more than doubling year-on-year,
as previously mentioned. The 6.7ppts YoY margin gain was ahead of our expectations, and was the result of a
100bps gross margin gain, and operating expenses falling by 5.8ppts relative to revenue. Within the gross
margin, eﬃciencies in collection fees, scaling of CX (customer experience) and fewer POS device sales costs
more than oﬀset headwinds from 1P growth (margins are improving, but are still dilutive), rising Fulﬁllment
penetration and higher Credits funding costs. At the income from operations line, we have seen notable proﬁt
growth and margin expansion across geographies and business lines. This has diversiﬁed the drivers of our
margins. So although our high margin services - namely Ads and Credits - delivered solid growth year-on-year,
their overall contribution to income from operations was diluted materially by the strong growth and margin
expansion of other businesses. Our Credits business, for example, had a broadly neutral impact on the
quarter’s margin expansion, with its income from operations rising approximately from $100mn in Q2’22 to
$150mn in Q2’23.

         At the country level, direct contribution (DC) growth was particularly strong in Mexico (175% YoY in US
dollars) and Brazil (77% YoY); these two countries accounted for 64% of reported DC, and 72% of incremental
DC (when comparing Q2’23 with Q2’22).
                                                                                            Q2’23 Results




           Below the income from operations line, interest income rose signiﬁcantly year-on-year to $188mn, a
   large part of which relates to the funds stored by our users in the Mercado Pago wallet, particularly in
   Argentina and Brazil. As discussed above, this is an early indication of growing engagement with our Fintech
   platform. Net income of $262mn was up 113% year-on-year, despite being negatively impacted by $182mn of
   FX losses, of which $157mn was related to our share repurchases in the Argentine market. Cash ﬂow from
   operations rose to $1,412mn in Q2’23 from $907mn in Q2’22, demonstrating that our proﬁt growth and margin
   expansion are translating into cash generation.

           With regards to the continued depreciation of the Argentine Peso: if we were to simulate the eﬀect of
   a devaluation of 100% of the Argentine Peso vs. the US Dollar on our ﬁrst half 2023 results, we estimate that
   income from operations would have been approximately $195mn lower than our reported income from
   operations of $898mn. However, we also incur a signiﬁcant FX loss on our P&L related to our Argentine
   operations, which amounted to $213mn in the six months ended June 30, 2023, as a result of our repatriation
   of funds via the repurchase of our own shares in the Argentine market. Those purchases are made at the Blue
   Chip Swap rate, which had a spread of 93.1% over the oﬃcial exchange rate as of June 30, 2023. As a result of
   our cash management strategy in Argentina, we believe that our net income and cash ﬂow already incorporate
   much of the potential eﬀect of a devalued exchange rate. We estimate the impact of the simulation described
   above on our ﬁrst half 2023 net income to be broadly neutral to slightly positive. The table below shows
   revenue and cost of net revenue plus operating expenses that were denominated in Argentine Pesos before
   being translated into US dollars.

                                                                  Six Months Ended Twelve Months Ended
                                                                           June 30,            June 30,
 US dollars (in millions)                                                        2023                       2023

 Net revenues                                                                    1,492                      2,880
 Cost of net revenues and operating expenses                                      1,103                     2,106



                                                Looking Ahead


         We are pleased to see that our top line growth and proﬁt expansion are broad-based across
geographies and business lines. This highlights the tremendous leverage in our ﬁnancial model as the
business scales. Given our optimism about the many growth opportunities that still lie ahead of us, we intend
to use some of the headroom created by this operating leverage to lean into certain areas of the business
during the second half of the year. We believe that a core component of our success has been our
commitment to allocating capital with a long term view. Our goal is to deliver consistent margin improvements,
while making sure we are also deploying capital so as to continuously drive above market top line growth that
enhances our future scale potential, improves our user’s experience, and seeds future engines of growth.
Consequently, we view in a positive light our disciplined approach to re-investing short term margin gains so
as to strengthen MercadoLibre’s long-term competitive position. This is another indication of our belief that the
best is yet to come.
                                                                                                                                                            Q2’23 Results



      The following table summarizes certain key performance metrics for the six and three-month
      periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022.
                                                                                       Six Months Ended                                          Three Months Ended
                                                                                            June 30,                                                   June 30,
     (IN MILLIONS) (*)                                                                   2023        2022                                          2023         2022

     Unique active users                                                       $             135         $             107                        109                               84
     Gross merchandise volume                                                            19,939                     16,216                   $ 10,506                $           8,551
     Number of items sold                                                                   634                       542                         325                             275
     Number of items shipped                                                   $            620          $             518                         319                            264
     Total payment volume                                                      $         79,051          $          55,513                   $ 42,064                $          30,194
     Total volume of payments on
                                                                                         21,024                     17,090                   $       11,074          $           9,019
     marketplace (**)
     Total payment transactions                                                $          4,007 $                    2,353                             2,132                     1,262
     NIMAL (***)                                                                           33.8 %                     28.0%                            36.8 %                     29.8 %
     Capital expenditures                                                      $            203 $                      237                   $            114 $                    100
     Depreciation and amortization                                                          254                        184                   $           128 $                     100
      (*) Figures have been calculated using rounded amounts. Growth calculations based on this table may not total due to rounding.
      (**) As from January 1, 2022, we no longer disclose our total volume of payments on marketplace net of shipping and ﬁnancing fees. Given the growth of our shipping and ﬁntech
      businesses, management believes that including shipping and ﬁnancing fees in the calculation of total volume of payments on marketplace results in a more accurate indicator of that
      performance on a go-forward basis. Consequently, total volume of payment on marketplace for the six and three month periods ended June 30, 2022 has been recast to include
      shipping and ﬁnancing fees.
      (***) Net interest margins after losses (“NIMAL”) represents the annualized ratio between the total credits revenues less funding costs and provision for doubtful accounts for the period
      and total average gross loans receivable of the period. Management uses NIMAL to monitor how eﬀectively we are pricing and managing the credit products relative to their risk and
      setting targets. Accordingly, we believe NIMAL provides useful information to investors and others related to the Company’s risk appetite through the diﬀerent periods and showing how
      eﬀectively we are pricing risk.


                                               Year-over-year USD Revenue Growth Rates by Quarter
Consolidated Net
                                                              Q2’22                         Q3’22                      Q4’22                       Q1’23                        Q2’23
Revenues
      Brazil                                            53        %                   35       %                 36        %                 26        %                  23       %
      Argentina                                         62        %                   72       %                 50        %                 39        %                  30       %
      Mexico                                            65        %                  60        %                 55        %                 62        %                  64       %
      Commerce                                          23        %                  20        %                 22        %                  31       %                  38       %
      Fintech                                           113       %                   94       %                  73       %                 40        %                  24       %


Gross Merchandise
                                                              Q2’22                         Q3’22                      Q4’22                       Q1’23                        Q2’23
Volume
      Brazil                                            28        %                  20        %                 29        %                 29        %                  24       %
      Argentina                                          33       %                   35       %                  13       %                  15       %                   12      %
      Mexico                                            30        %                  22        %                 35        %                  41       %                  52       %


Total Payment
                                                              Q2’22                         Q3’22                      Q4’22                       Q1’23                        Q2’23
Volume
ON    On-Platform                                       25        %                  22        %                 23        %                 23        %                  23       %
OFF   Oﬀ-Platform                                      105        %                    71      %                 58        %                 57        %                  46       %
                                                                                                  Q2’23 Results



                       Year-over-year Local Currency Revenue Growth Rates by Quarter
Consolidated Net
                                         Q2’22             Q3’22            Q4’22            Q1’23            Q2’23
Revenues
     Brazil                        42     %          35     %         28     %         26     %         23     %
     Argentina                     104    %         140     %        143     %         151    %        156     %
     Mexico                        66     %          62     %         46     %         48     %         45     %
     Commerce                      23     %          33     %         36     %         54     %         65     %
     Fintech                       107    %          115    %         93     %         64     %         48     %


Gross Merchandise
                                         Q2’22             Q3’22            Q4’22            Q1’23            Q2’23
Volume
     Brazil                         19    %          20     %         22     %         28     %         25     %
     Argentina                     66     %          87     %         83     %        107     %         119    %
     Mexico                        30     %          23     %         28     %         28     %         34     %


Total Payment
                                         Q2’22             Q3’22            Q4’22            Q1’23            Q2’23
Volume
ON   On-Platform                   42     %          39     %         44     %         48     %         53     %
OFF Oﬀ-Platform                    135    %         122     %         121    %         121    %        129     %


                                           Conference Call and Webcast

             The Company will host an earnings video as well as a conference call and audio webcast for any
     questions that investors may have on August 2nd, 2023, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time.

             In order to access our video webcast and the live audio, investors, analysts and the market in general
     may access the following link at https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/zrgzoi9j and register at the platform to
     attend the live event.

             Also, to participate in our conference call, investors, analysts and the market in general may access
     the following link at https://register.vevent.com/register/BI3eb2a110fbb24146aacfe5423d272068 to be
     provided with the dial-in number and personal pin code to join the conference call and to be able to pose
     questions.

             Access to our video webcast and the live audio will be available in the investor relations section of the
     Company’s website, at http://investor.mercadolibre.com. An archive of the webcast will be available for one
     week following the conclusion of the conference call.
                                                                                         Q2’23 Results




                              Deﬁnition of Selected Operational Metrics

▪ Unique Active User – New or existing user who performed at least one of the following actions during the
  reported period: (1) made one purchase, or reservation, or asked one question on MercadoLibre
  Marketplace or Classiﬁed Marketplace (2) maintained an active listing on MercadoLibre Marketplace or
  Classiﬁed Marketplace (3) maintained an active account in Mercado Shops (4) made a payment, money
  transfer, collection and/or advance using Mercado Pago (5) maintained an outstanding credit line through
  Mercado Credito or (6) maintained a balance of more than $5 invested in a Mercado Fondo asset
  management account.
▪ Unique Fintech User – Users who engage in at least one of the following services within the quarter: wallet
  payments online, in app or in store; transfers; withdrawals; consumer or merchant credit borrowers; card
  users; ﬁntech sellers; and ﬁntech active products such as asset management and insurtech users.
▪ Foreign Exchange (“FX”) Neutral – Calculated by using the average monthly exchange rate of each month
  of 2022 and applying it to the corresponding months in the current year, so as to calculate what the results
  would have been had exchange rates remained constant. Intercompany allocations are excluded from this
  calculation. These calculations do not include any other macroeconomic eﬀect such as local currency
  inﬂation eﬀects or any price adjustment to compensate local currency inﬂation or devaluations.
▪ Gross merchandise volume – Measure of the total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions completed through the
  Mercado Libre Marketplace, excluding Classiﬁeds transactions.
▪ Total payment transactions – Measure of the number of all transactions paid for using Mercado Pago.
▪ Total volume of payments on marketplace – Measure of the total U.S. dollar sum of all marketplace
  transactions paid for using Mercado Pago.
▪ Total payment volume – Measure of total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions paid for using Mercado Pago,
  including marketplace and non-marketplace transactions.
▪ MPOS – Mobile point-of-sale is a dedicated wireless device that performs the functions of a cash register or
  electronic point-of-sale terminal wirelessly.
▪ Commerce – Revenues from core marketplace fees, shipping fees, ﬁrst-party sales, ad sales, classiﬁed fees
  and other ancillary services.
▪ Fintech – Revenues includes fees from oﬀ-platform transactions, ﬁnancing fees, interest earned from
  merchant and consumer credits and sale of MPOS.
▪ Items sold – Measure of the number of items that were sold/purchased through the Mercado Libre
  Marketplace, excluding Classiﬁeds items.
▪ Items shipped – Measure of the number of items that were shipped through our shipping service.
▪ G&A - General and administrative expenses
▪ Local Currency Growth Rates – Refer to FX Neutral deﬁnition.
▪ Net income margin – Deﬁned as net income as a percentage of net revenues.
▪ Operating margin – Deﬁned as income from operations as a percentage of net revenues.
▪ Net Interest Margins After Losses (NIMAL) – NIMAL is the spread between credit revenues and the
  expenses associated with provisions for doubtful accounts and funding costs, and usually expressed as a
  percentage of the average portfolio for the period.
▪ Non-performing loan (NPL) ratio - Shows the percentage of the loan portfolio that is not being paid on-time.
                                                                                         Q2’23 Results




                                          About Mercado Libre

        Founded in 1999, MercadoLibre is the largest online commerce ecosystem in Latin America, serving as
an integrated regional platform and as a provider of the necessary digital and technology-based tools that
allow businesses and individuals to trade products and services in the region. The Company enables
commerce through its marketplace platform which allows users to buy and sell in most of Latin America.

The Company is listed on NASDAQ (Nasdaq: MELI) following its initial public oﬀering in 2007.

For more information about the Company visit: http://investor.mercadolibre.com.

The MercadoLibre, Inc. logo is available at
https://resource.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/6ab227b7-693f-4b17-b80c-552ae45c76bf?size=0




                                     Forward-Looking Statements


        Any statements herein regarding MercadoLibre, Inc. that are not historical or current facts are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements convey MercadoLibre, Inc.’s current
expectations or forecasts of future events. Forward-looking statements regarding MercadoLibre, Inc. involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause MercadoLibre, Inc.’s actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially diﬀerent from any future results, performances or
achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Certain of these risks and
uncertainties are described in the “Risk Factors,” “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” sections of MercadoLibre, Inc.’s annual report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2022, and any of MercadoLibre, Inc.’s other applicable ﬁlings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, MercadoLibre, Inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements to reﬂect circumstances or events after the date hereof.
                                                                                             Q2’23 Results




MercadoLibre, Inc.
MercadoLibre, Inc. - Interim Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022
(In millions of U.S. dollars, except par value) (Unaudited)
                                                                   Q2’23 Results




MercadoLibre, Inc.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income
For the six and three-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022
(In millions of U.S. dollars, except for share data) (Unaudited)
                                                                                                   Q2’23 Results




MercadoLibre, Inc.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the six-month periods ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 (In millions of U.S. dollars) (Unaudited)
                                          Q2’23 Results




MercadoLibre, Inc.
Financial results of reporting segments
                                                                                        Q2’23 Results



                          Non-GAAP Measures of Financial Performance

         To supplement our unaudited interim condensed consolidated ﬁnancial statements presented in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, we present earnings before interest income and other ﬁnancial gains, interest
expense and other ﬁnancial losses, foreign currency losses, income tax expense, depreciation and
amortization and equity in earnings of unconsolidated entity (“Adjusted EBITDA”), net debt and foreign
exchange (“FX”) neutral measures as non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP ﬁnancial
measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP ﬁnancial measures can be found in the tables below.

These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of
performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may be diﬀerent from non-GAAP measures used by
other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive set of
accounting rules or principles. Non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reﬂect all of the
amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These
non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures should only be used to evaluate our results of operations in conjunction with the
most comparable U.S. GAAP ﬁnancial measures.

We believe that reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure
provides investors an overall understanding of our current ﬁnancial performance and its prospects for the
future.

Adjusted EBITDA

         Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP ﬁnancial measure that represents our net income, adjusted to
eliminate the eﬀect of depreciation and amortization charges, interest income and other ﬁnancial gains,
interest expense and other ﬁnancial losses, foreign currency losses, income tax expense and equity in
earnings of an unconsolidated entity. We have included this non-GAAP ﬁnancial measure because it is used by
our Management to evaluate our operating performance and trends, make strategic decisions and the
calculation of leverage ratios. Accordingly, we believe this measure provides useful information to investors
and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our Management. In
addition, it provides a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business, as it removes the
eﬀect of certain items.

        The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the period
indicated (in millions of U.S. dollars):
                                                                                                        Q2’23 Results



Net debt

         We deﬁne net debt as total debt which includes current and non-current loans payable and other
ﬁnancial liabilities and current and non-current operating lease liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents,
short-term investments and long-term investments, excluding foreign government debt securities held in
guarantee, securitization transactions and equity securities held at cost. We have included this non-GAAP
ﬁnancial measure because it is used by our Management to analyze our current leverage ratios and set targets
to be met, which will also impact other components of the Company’s balance sheet, cash ﬂows and income
statement. Accordingly, we believe this measure provides useful information to investors and other market
participants in showing the evolution of the Company’s indebtedness and its capability of repayment as a
means to, alongside other measures, monitor our leverage based on widely-used measures.

         The following table presents a reconciliation of net debt for each of the periods indicated (in millions
of U.S. dollars):




(1) Excludes foreign government debt securities held in guarantee and investments held in VIEs as a consequence of securitization
transactions.
(2) Excludes investments held in VIEs as a consequence of securitization transactions and equity securities held at cost.
                                                                                           Q2’23 Results



FX neutral

        We believe that FX neutral measures provide useful information to both Management and investors by
excluding the foreign currency exchange rate impact that may not be indicative of our core operating results
and business outlook.

        The FX neutral measures were calculated by using the average monthly exchange rates for each
month during 2022 and applying them to the corresponding months in 2023, so as to calculate what our
results would have been had exchange rates remained stable from one year to the next. The table below
excludes intercompany allocation FX eﬀects. Finally, these measures do not include any other macroeconomic
eﬀect such as local currency inﬂation eﬀects, the impact on impairment calculations or any price adjustment to
compensate local currency inﬂation or devaluations.

         The following table sets forth the FX neutral measures related to our reported results of the operations
for the three-month period ended June 30, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages):




 > CONTACT:
   MercadoLibre, Inc.
    Investor Relations
    investor@mercadolibre.com

    http://investor.mercadolibre.com
