
10-K
1
d265353d10k.htm
FORM 10-K


FORM 10-K

 


  
  UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="3">WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-K
    
(Mark One)   



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 
 OR   



 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from
                         to
                          <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="3">Commission file number 001-33647   
  MercadoLibre,
Inc.  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
   
 










Delaware
 
98-0212790

 (State of incorporation)
 
 (I.R.S. Employer <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">Identification Number)
 Arias 3751, 7th Floor  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Buenos Aires, C1430CRG, Argentina,  (Address of principal executive
offices)  011-54-11-4640-8000  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">(Registrants telephone number, including area code)  Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   








Title of Class
 
Name of Exchange upon Which Registered



Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share
 
Nasdaq Global Market
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None   
  Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
     Yes        No   <FONT
STYLE="FONT-FAMILY:WINGDINGS">  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.       Yes   <FONT
STYLE="FONT-FAMILY:WINGDINGS">     No     <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes      No   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).    Yes      No   
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrants knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment of this Form 10-K.     <FONT
STYLE="FONT-FAMILY:WINGDINGS">  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one):   














 Large Accelerated Filer   
 

  
Accelerated Filer                 

 


Non-Accelerated Filer     
 
(Do not check if smaller reporting
company)                            
  
Smaller reporting company 
 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes      No   
The aggregate market value of the registrants Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, at June 30, 2011, held by those
persons deemed by the registrant to be non-affiliates (based upon the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2011) was approximately $2,370,948,321. Shares of the registrants Common Stock held by
each executive officer and director and by each entity or person that, to the registrants knowledge, owned 10% or more of the registrants outstanding common stock as of June 30, 2011 have been excluded from this number in that these
persons may be deemed affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">As of February 17, 2012, there were 44,142,020 shares of the registrants Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 
   
Documents Incorporated By Reference  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Portions of the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement relating to its 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by no later than April 30, 2012,
are incorporated by reference in Part III, Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated herein.   
   





 MERCADOLIBRE, INC. 
FORM 10-K 
FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011   







September 30,


 
    
Page
 






 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
    
 
3
  




 PART I
    







 ITEM 1. BUSINESS
    
 
4
  




 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
    
 
13
  




 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
    
 
31
  




 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
    
 
31
  




 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
    
 
33
  




 ITEM 4. (REMOVED AND RESERVED)
    
 
36
  




 PART II
    







 ITEM 
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    
 
37
  




 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
    
 
38
  




 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
    
 
40
  




 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
    
 
70
  




 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
    
 
73
  




 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURES
    
 
73
  




 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
    
 
73
  




 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
    
 
74
  




 PART III
    







 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    
 
74
  




 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
    
 
74
  




 ITEM 
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS
    
 
74
  




 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

    
 
76
  




 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
    
 
76
  




 PART IV
    







 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    
 
77
  




 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
 
77
  




 EXHIBIT INDEX
    
 
80
  




 SIGNATURES
    
 
79
  

   2 






 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Any statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about our
beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and should be evaluated as such. The words
anticipate, believe, expect, intend, plan, estimate, target, project, should, may, could, will and
similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained throughout this report, for example in Risk Factors, Managements Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business. Forward-looking statements generally relate to information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, financing plans,
competitive position, industry environment, potential growth opportunities, the effects of future regulation and the effects of competition. Such forward-looking statements reflect, among other things, our current expectations, plans, projections
and strategies, anticipated financial results, future events and financial trends affecting our business, all of which are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and important factors (in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this
report) that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things: 
 


 

 
 our expectations regarding the continued growth of online commerce and Internet usage in Latin America; 
 


 

 
 our ability to expand our operations and adapt to rapidly changing technologies; 
 


 

 
 government regulation;   


 

 
 litigation and legal liability;   


 

 
 systems interruptions or failures;   


 

 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
 


 

 
 consumer trends;   


 

 
 security breaches and illegal uses of our services; 
 


 

 
 competition;   


 

 
 reliance on third-party service providers; 
 


 

 
 enforcement of intellectual property rights; 
 


 

 
 our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and increase revenues; 
 


 

 
 seasonal fluctuations; and   


 

 
 political, social and economic conditions in Latin America in general, and Venezuela and Argentina in particular, including Venezuelas
status as a highly inflationary economy and the impacts of its exchange rate system.  Many
of these risks are beyond our ability to control or predict. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on our
companys business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
These statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections
about future events. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance. They are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond our control  as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ
materially from our expectations and projections. Some of the material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections are described in Item 1A  Risk Factors
in Part I of this report. You should read that information in conjunction with Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of Part II of this report and our audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of Part II of this report, as well as the factors discussed in the other reports we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We note such information
for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report, generally because we do not perceive them to be material that
could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. 
   3 






 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we
do not undertake to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
or SEC.  PART I  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
MercadoLibre, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries us, we, our or the
company) hosts the largest online commerce platform in Latin America, focused on enabling e-commerce and its related services, and is located at www.mercadolibre.com. Our services are designed to provide our users with
mechanisms for buying, selling, paying, collecting, generating leads and comparing listings via e-commerce transactions in an effective and efficient manner. We are market leaders in e-commerce in each of Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela, based on unique visitors and page views during 2011. Additionally, we also operate online commerce platforms in the Dominican Republic, Panama and Portugal. 
Through our online commerce platform, we provide buyers and sellers with a robust online commerce environment that
fosters the development of a large and growing e-commerce community in Latin America, a region with a population of over 550 million people and one of the fastest-growing Internet penetration rates in the world. We believe that we offer a
technological and commercial solution that addresses the distinctive cultural and geographic challenges of operating an online commerce platform in Latin America. 
We offer our users an eco-system of four related e-commerce services: the MercadoLibre Marketplace, the MercadoPago
payments solution, the MercadoClics advertising program and the MercadoShops on-line stores solution.  The
MercadoLibre Marketplace, which we sometimes refer to as our marketplace, is a fully-automated, topically-arranged and user-friendly online commerce service. This service permits both businesses and individuals to list items and conduct their sales
and purchases online in either a fixed-price or auction-based format. Additionally, through online classified listings, our registered users can list and purchase motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft, real estate and services. Any Internet user can
browse through the various products and services that are listed on our web site and register with MercadoLibre to list, bid for and purchase items and services. 
To complement the MercadoLibre Marketplace, we developed MercadoPago, an integrated online payments solution. MercadoPago
is designed to facilitate transactions both on and off the MercadoLibre Marketplace by providing a mechanism that allows our users to securely, easily and promptly send, receive and finance payments online. 
As a further enhancement to the MercadoLibre Marketplace, in 2009, we launched our MercadoClics program to allow
businesses to promote their products and services on the Internet. Through MercadoClics users and advertisers are able to place display and/or text advertisements on our web pages in order to promote their brands and offerings. MercadoClics offers
advertisers a cost efficient and automated platform that enables advertisers to acquire traffic through advertisements placed on our plattform. Advertisers purchase, on a cost per clicks basis, advertising space that appears around product search
results for specific categories and other pages. These advertising placements are clearly differentiated from product search results and direct traffic both to and off our platform depending on the advertiser. 
To close out our suite of e-commerce services, during 2010 we launched the MercadoShops on-line stores solution. Through
MercadoShops users can set-up, manage and promote their own on-line webstores. These webstores are hosted by MercadoLibre and offer integration with the other marketplace, payments and advertising services we offer. Users can choose from a basic,
free webstore or pay monthly subscriptions for enhanced functionality and added services on their stores.  History of MercadoLibre
 In March of 1999, Marcos Galper&iacute;n, our co-founder and Chief Executive Officer, wrote our business
plan while working towards his masters degree in business administration from Stanford Business School. Shortly thereafter, he began to assemble a team of professionals to implement it. We were incorporated in Delaware in October of 1999.
 We commenced operations in Argentina in August of 1999, and began operations in other countries subsequently.
The following table shows the timeline of different launches and events in each country:   






September 30,

September 30,

September 30,

 
    
MercadoLibre
    
 
    
MercadoPago

 Country
    
Launch date
    
Office opening
    
Launch date



 Argentina
    
August 1999
    
July 1999
    
November 2003






 Brazil
    
October 1999
    
September 1999
    
January 2004






 Mexico
    
November 1999
    
October 1999
    
January 2004

   4 






  






September 30,

September 30,

September 30,

September 30,

 
    
MercadoLibre
    
 
 
MercadoPago

 Country
    
Launch date
    
Office opening
 
Launch date



 Uruguay
    
December 1999
    
September 2004
 
N/A






 Colombia
    
February 2000
    
January 2000
 
December 2007






 Venezuela
    
March 2000
    
March 2000
 
April 2005






 Chile
    
March 2000
    
April 2000 (*)
 
September 2007






 Ecuador
    
December 2000
    
N/A
 
N/A






 Peru
    
December 2004
    
N/A
 
N/A






 Costa Rica
    
November 2006
    
N/A
 
N/A






 Dominican Republic
    
December 2006
    
N/A
 
N/A






 Panama
    
December 2006
    
N/A
 
N/A






 Portugal
    
January 2010
    
N/A
 
N/A
  


(*)
 The office was closed in 2009.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our business is organized using the same technological platform in each country where we operate. However, each country has its own specific local website which has no interaction with other country
sites. For example, searches carried out on our Brazilian site show only results of listings uploaded on that particular site and do not show listings from other countries. 
We received two rounds of financing in addition to our initial seed funding. The first round, carried out in November of
1999, raised $7.6 million from investors that included J.P. Morgan Partners BHCA L.P., Flatiron Fund entities and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst. The second round of financing occurred in May of 2000 and raised $46.7 million from,
among others, Goldman Sachs entities (GS Capital Partners III, L.P., GS Capital Partners III Offshore, L.P. and Goldman Sachs & Co. Verwaltungs GmbH), Capital Riesgo Internet SCR S.A. (CRI Banco Santander Central Hispano), GE Capital Equity
Investments, Inc., J.P. Morgan Partners BHCA L.P. and Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst.  In September 2001,
we entered into a strategic alliance with eBay, which became one of our stockholders and started working with us to better serve the Latin American online commerce community. As part of this strategic alliance, we acquired eBays Brazilian
subsidiary at the time, iBazar, and eBay agreed not to compete with us in the region during the term of the agreement. This agreement also provided us with access to certain know-how and experience, which accelerated aspects of our development. The
agreement governing our strategic alliance with eBay expired on September 24, 2006. Even though eBay is one of our stockholders, since the termination of this agreement, there are no contractual restrictions preventing eBay from becoming one of
our competitors. See Risk FactorsRisks related to our businessWe operate in a highly competitive and evolving market, and therefore face potential reductions in the use of our service. 
In November 2002, we acquired certain key strategic assets of Lokau.com , a competing Brazilian online commerce
platform and we incorporated all registered users of Lokau.com into our platform.  In November 2005, we
acquired certain operations of a regional competitor in online commerce, DeRemate.com Inc., including all of its operations and the majority of the shares of capital stock of its subsidiaries in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Uruguay and
Venezuela for an aggregate purchase price of $12.1 million, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired. This acquisition increased our user base by approximately 1.3 million confirmed registered users and solidified our market leadership
position in Brazil, Mexico, Venezuela, Colombia, Peru, and Uruguay. We did not acquire DeRemates Argentine and Chilean subsidiaries, which continued to operate under the control of certain previous stockholders of DeRemate. 
In August 2007, we completed our initial public offering pursuant to which 3,000,000 shares of common stock were
sold by us, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately $49.6 million and 15,488,762 shares were sold by certain selling stockholders.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In January 2008, we acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Classified Media Group, Inc., or CMG, and its subsidiaries. CMG and its subsidiaries operate an online
classified advertisements platform primarily dedicated to the sale of automobiles at www.tucarro.com in Venezuela, Colombia and Puerto Rico and real estate at www.tuinmueble.com in Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, the United States, Costa Rica and the
Canary Islands. On the acquisition date, we paid $19 million subject to certain escrows and working capital adjustment clauses.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In September 2008, we acquired the remaining operations of DeRemate.com in Chile, Argentina, Mexico and Colombia for an aggregate purchase price of $37.6 million and we also purchased certain
URLs, domains, trademarks, databases and intellectual property rights for $2.4 million, subject to certain set off rights and working capital adjustment clauses. 
   5 






 In September 2011, we acquired 60% of outstanding membership interest of
Autopark LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Delaware with 100% ownership of AP Clasificados, an online classified advertisements platform in Mexico primarily dedicated to the sale of automobiles at www.autoplaza.com.mx and
real estate at www.homeshop.com.mx. The aggregate purchase price paid in cash was $5.5 million and includes URLs, domain names, trademarks, databases non-compete agreements and intellectual property rights that are used or useful in connection
with the online platforms of the acquired business.  Our strategy 
We seek to serve people in Latin America by offering a collection of e-commerce services that can improve the quality of
life of those who use it, while creating significant value for our stockholders. We serve our buyers by giving them access to a broader and more affordable variety of products and services than those available on other online and offline venues. We
serve our sellers by allowing them to reach a larger and more geographically diverse user base at a lower overall cost and investment than offline venues. At the same time, we provide payment settlement services to facilitate such transactions, and
advertising solutions to promote them. More broadly, we strive to turn inefficient markets into more efficient ones and in that process generate value for our stockholders. To achieve these objectives, we pursue the following strategies: 
 


 

 
 Continue to grow our business and maintain market leadership. We have focused and intend to continue to focus on growing our business
by strengthening our position as the preferred online marketplace in each of the countries in which we operate. We also intend to grow our business and maintain our leadership by taking advantage of the expanding potential client base that has
resulted from the growth of Internet penetration rates in Latin America. We intend to achieve these goals through organic growth, by entering into new countries and category segments, by launching new transactional business endeavors, and through
potential strategic acquisitions of key businesses and assets.   


 

 
 Increase monetization of our transactions. We have focused and will continue to focus on improving the revenue generation
capacity of our business by implementing initiatives designed to maximize the revenues we receive from transactions on our platform. Some of these initiatives include increasing our fee structure, selling advertising on our platform, offering other
e-commerce services and expanding our paid-for fee-based features.   


 

 
 Take advantage of the natural synergies that exist between our services. We strive to leverage our different businesses to
promote greater cross-usage among the businesses, thereby creating a virtuous ecosystem of e-commerce offerings. We intend to promote the adoption of our MercadoPago payments solution on our marketplace as well as on our MercadoShops solution, to
offer our MercadoClics advertising solutions to users of our marketplace, payments and shops solutions, and to encourage users of any of our services to experiment with the other solutions we offer. 
 


 

 
 Expand into additional transactional service offerings. Our strategic focus is to enable on-line transactions of multiple types
of goods and services throughout Latin America. Consequently, we strive, and will continue to strive, to launch on-line transactional offerings in new product and service categories where we consider business opportunities exist. These new
transactional offerings include, but are not limited to, efforts involving: (a) the offer of additional product categories in our marketplace business, (b) the expansion of our presence in vehicle, real estate and services classifieds,
(c) the penetration of our on platform payments services and the expansion of our off platform payments services, (d) the increase of our MercadoClics and on-line advertisement services and (e) the offer of on-line software as
e-commerce service solutions. We believe that a significant portion of our future growth will be derived from these new or expanded product and service launches. 
 


 

 
 Enhance brand awareness. We believe that enhancing awareness of the MercadoLibre brand is important to achieve our
business objectives. We intend to continue to promote and increase recognition of our brand through a variety of marketing and promotional campaigns. These may include marketing agreements with companies that have a significant online presence and
advertising through traditional media, such as cable television. We may also use leading web sites and other media such as affiliate programs, banner advertisements and keyword searches. In addition, we believe that by enhancing our e-commerce
community experience, we promote greater brand awareness through word of mouth.   


 

 
 Focus on user loyalty and web site enhancement. We will continue to focus on increasing purchase frequency and transaction
volumes from our existing users. We intend to do so by maintaining an appealing and convenient platform for e-commerce, improving the functionality of our web site to deliver a more efficient user experience and providing our users with the help of
a dedicated customer support department. We employ a number of programs aimed to foster customer loyalty and repeated purchases, such as our MercadoLider loyalty program for high-volume sellers, our targeted and segmented direct marketing program,
and our MercadoPago special promotions.   


 

 
 Increase operational efficiency. We believe our business model provides us with an opportunity to generate healthy profit
margins. We plan to maximize this potential by achieving economics of scale, maintaining controls on overhead costs and reducing variable costs whenever possible. 
   6 









 

 
 Continue to develop innovative and creative solutions. We intend to continually enhance our e-commerce platform in order to
better serve both individuals and businesses that want to buy or sell goods and services online. We intend to continue investing to develop new tools and technologies that facilitate e-commerce on our platform and improve our users online
experience on MercadoLibre, while addressing the distinctive cultural, geographical and other challenges of online commerce in Latin America.   


 

 
 Serve our dynamic and active user community. We seek to operate MercadoLibre as an open and trusted web-based marketplace where
users can access a broad market of products. We believe in treating our users with respect by applying a consistent set of policies that reinforce good online and offline behavior within our user community. We also seek to offer superior customer
care in order to maintain the loyalty and satisfaction of our active user base.  The MercadoLibre marketplace
 The MercadoLibre marketplace is an Internet-based commerce platform where buyers and sellers can meet,
exchange information and complete e-commerce transactions for a wide range of goods and services. Our platform is a fully-automated, topically-arranged and user-friendly online commerce service which permits both businesses and individuals to list
items and conduct their sales and purchases online in either a fixed-price or auction-based format. The MercadoLibre Marketplace also allows sellers to list motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft, real estate and services on our online classified
section. Any Internet user can browse through the various products and services that are listed on our web site and register with MercadoLibre to list, bid for and purchase items and services. Additionally, sellers and advertisers can purchase,
display and link advertising on our web pages to promote their brands, businesses and products. The MercadoLibre Marketplace offers buyers a large selection of new and used items that are often more expensive or otherwise hard to find through
traditional offline sellers, such as brick-and-mortar retail establishments, offline classified advertisements, community bulletin boards, auction houses and flea markets. We believe that the MercadoLibre Marketplace allows sellers to reach a large
number of potential buyers more cost-effectively than through traditional offline commerce channels or other online venues.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">During 2011, visitors to our web site were able to browse an average of over 10.9 million listings on any given day, organized by country, in over 2,000 different product categories. We believe that
we have achieved a critical mass of active buyers, sellers and product listings in most of the countries where we operate and that our business can be readily scaled to handle increases in our user base and transaction volume. At December 31,
2011, we had over 65.8 million confirmed registered MercadoLibre users up from 52.9 million at December 31, 2010. During fiscal year 2011, we had 5.0 million unique sellers, 14.1 million unique buyers and 52.8 million
successful items sold.  The MercadoPago online payments solution 
To complement the MercadoLibre Marketplace, we developed MercadoPago, an integrated online payments solution. MercadoPago
is designed to facilitate transactions both on and off the MercadoLibre Marketplace by providing a mechanism that allows our users to securely, easily and promptly send and receive payments online. MercadoPago enables any individual or business
registered with MercadoPago to securely and easily send and receive payments online for MercadoLibre Marketplace items. MercadoPago is currently available to MercadoLibre users in each of Brazil, Mexico, Venezuela, Argentina, Chile and Colombia.
 MercadoPago is also available for purchases of goods and services outside the MercadoLibre Marketplace, as an
open on-line payment service in Argentina, Brasil, Mexico, Venezuela, Chile and Colombia. The off platform service, also referred to as MercadoPago 3.0, is designed to meet the growing demand for Internet-based payments systems in Latin America. In
addition to improving the ease of use and efficiency of payments for purchases made in our marketplace, MercadoPago 3.0 also allows payments for transactions that occur outside of our platforms. Users are able to transfer money to other users with
MercadoPago accounts and to incorporate MercadoPago as a means for payments on their independent commerce websites. This version of MercadoPago simplifies the payment of transactions in the MercadoLibre Marketplace achieving higher transaction
velocity for most users. Direct payments allow online sellers to use MercadoPago to facilitate checkout and payment processes on their web site and also enables users to simply transfer money to each other. The direct payments product allows users
who are not registered with the MercadoLibre Marketplace to send and receive payments to each other as long as they register on MercadoPago. Furthermore, direct payment offers online sellers who accept MercadoPago as a means of payment to integrate
MercadoPago to their shopping cart streamlining the shopping and payment processes. We believe that the ease of use, safety and efficiency of MercadoPago will allow us to generate additional transactions from Web merchants that sell items outside
the MercadoLibre Marketplace. We believe that there is a significant business opportunity to increase use of MercadoPago as a payment mechanism within and outside of the MercadoLibre Marketplace. 
During the year ended December 31, 2011, our on and off-platform users paid approximately 1,311.9 million using
MercadoPago, which represented 27.2% of our gross merchandise volume for that year. During the year ended December 31, 2010, our on and off-platform users paid approximately $697.5 million using MercadoPago, which represented 20.5% of our
gross merchandise volume for that year. During the year ended December 31, 2009, our users paid approximately $382.5 million for items by using MercadoPago, which represented 13.9% of our gross merchandise volume for that year. 
We seek to increase adoption and penetration of MercadoPago among MercadoLibre Marketplace users. In the countries where
MercadoPago was available, as of December 31, 2011, approximately 90.7% of the MercadoLibre Marketplaces listings accepted MercadoPago for payments and 28.8% of our total gross merchandise volume (excluding motor vehicles, vessels,
aircraft and real estate) was completed through MercadoPago. Starting in Brazil in January 2010, in Argentina in March 2010 and in Mexico in April 2011, all paid listings in the MercadoLibre Marketplace (excluding free listings and
classifieds) accepted MercadoPago. 
   7 






 MercadoClics advertising services 
The MercadoClics program allows businesses and users to promote their products and services on the web. Through
MercadoClics users and advertisers are able to place text and/or display advertisements on our web pages in order to promote their brands and offerings. MercadoClics offers advertisers a cost efficient and automated platform that enables adveritsers
to acquire traffic through advertisements on our plattform. Advertisers purchase, on a cost per clicks basis, advertising space that appears around product search results for specific categories and other pages. These advertising placements are
differentiated from product search results and direct traffic both to on and off platform to the advertisers destination of choice. 
MercadoShops online stores service  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">MercadoShops is a software-as-a-service, fully hosted online webstore solution. Through MercadoShops users can set-up, manage and promote their own on-line webstores. These webstores are hosted by
MercadoLibre and offer integration with the other marketplace, payments and advertising services we offer. Users can choose from a basic, free webstore or pay monthly subscriptions for enhanced functionality and added services on their stores.
 Marketing  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our marketing strategy is designed to grow our platform by promoting the MercadoLibre brand, attracting new users, and generating more frequent trading by our existing users. To this end, we employ
various means of advertising, including placement in leading portals and networks across the region, our affiliates program, cable and over the air television, paid and natural positioning in leading search engines, email marketing, onsite marketing
and presence in off-line events. Our investment in online and offline marketing activities was $22.0 million during 2009, $20.2 million during 2010 and $19.9 million during 2011. 
Specifically, we rely mostly on online advertising to promote our brand and attract potential buyers and sellers to our
web site. Our online activities focus on:   


 

 
 Entering into agreements with search platforms, portals, social networks and web sites that we believe can reach our target audience. These
agreements allow us to purchase online advertising positions where we can market ourselves and show relevant promotions to potential and already registered users. 
 


 

 
 Actively managing our MercadoSocios program, an affiliates program that financially rewards site owners for directing to our
platform buyers, sellers and new users who ultimately register with, and conduct transactions on MercadoLibre. The MercadoSocios program is available in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela. With our MercadoSocios program any
site or online tool owner can place a link to our web site with a pre-approved creative design that we provide or XML data feeds. If an Internet user clicks on the link, arrives at our web site, registers as a user and completes transactions on our
platform, we compensate the site or tool owner. For each new registered user that completes a transaction on our platform, we pay the site or tool owner that directed the user to us a fee per active registered user and a percentage of the
commissions that that selling user pays us for transactions carried out in the first 30 days after that user registered.   


 

 
 Investing in preferential placement on the most popular search engines in each country where we operate, such as Google and Yahoo Search. We
purchase advertising space next to the results of certain keyword searches related to our activities.   


 

 
 Structuring our web site so that it appears among the top natural results for certain keyword searches. 
Since 2005, we have been running an annual cable television commercial campaign on a regional basis to increase brand
awareness and recognition. We believe that cable television subscribers in Latin America offer an attractive demographic group based on both socio-economic profiling and the high penetration of Internet usage among cable television subscribers.
During 2010, our cable media campaign ran from August to December, and we also ran some spots in Brazil over the air television to expand coverage. During 2011, our cable media campaign ran from May to December, and we also had offline campaigns on
radio, newspaper and magazines for our classifieds business.  In addition to online and television
advertising, we seek to reinforce our brand and increase transaction levels within the existing MercadoLibre user base through activities such as permission-based e-mail marketing and special promotions on our web site. We utilize information
regarding our users past bids, sales and purchases in order to better target the messages that we communicate through these activities. Additionally, we use street billboards, radio and magazine ads to promote our automobile classifieds
business.  We also conduct a variety of initiatives that focus on attracting and training sellers. We organize
events such as MercadoLibre Universities and seller meetings in all countries where we have an office. MercadoLibre Universities are full-day sessions of approximately 100 to 250 new users where we teach how to buy and sell on the
MercadoLibre Marketplace. During seller meetings we teach sellers with high-potential or with MercadoLider status more advanced selling techniques and allow them to discuss issues of interest with our employees. Additionally, certain seller
activities are streamed over the Internet to reach a larger audience than is possible in live meetings. 
   8 






 The positioning of the MercadoLibre brand among Internet users is one
of our key marketing concerns, and our goal is to position MercadoLibres name and concept as a trustworthy platform in the publics mind. We conduct surveys every year in our key markets to gauge the position of our brand in the minds of
consumers. We consistently appear at the top of these surveys in areas such as consumer recall and preference for e-commerce and online commerce sites. We believe these ratings are the result of the quality of our product and our marketing efforts.
 Product development  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">At December 31, 2011, we had 292 employees on our information technology and product development staff, an increase from 282 employees at December 31, 2010. We incurred product development
expenses (including salaries) in the amount of $12.1 million for 2009, $15.9 million for 2010 and $23.3 million for 2011. We also incurred information technology capital expenditures, including software licenses, of $4.4 million
for 2009, $5.0 million for 2010 and $8.4 million for 2011.  We continually work to improve both our
MercadoLibre Marketplace and MercadoPago platforms so that they better serve our users needs and work more efficiently. A significant portion of our information technology resources are allocated to these purposes. We strive to maintain the
right balance between offering new features and enhancing the existing functionality and architecture of our software and hardware.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The development of new and improved features usually begins by listening to suggestions from our community of buyers and sellers. We hold meetings periodically with both regular and highly active users to
obtain feedback regarding our services and suggestions and ideas relating to possible additional features on the MercadoLibre Marketplace and MercadoPago. We also receive suggestions from our chat rooms and bulletin boards. Additionally, we monitor
the market for new features, formats and elements that could be adapted to our platform to improve our users experience.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We place significant importance on the testing and implementation phase of newly developed features. After an internal team of testers ensures that new features and upgrades are working properly, we
typically involve a select group of users in testing these features before we release them to the general public. Through this process we receive feedback and suggestions on how to enhance the final details of a feature. Additionally, we typically
introduce new features country by country, in order to isolate and resolve any potential problems and subsequently release improved versions to countries, yet to be introduced to the new features. 
The adequate management of the MercadoLibre and MercadoPago software architecture and hardware requirements is as
important as introducing additional and better features for our users. Because our business grows relatively fast, we must ensure that our systems are capable of absorbing this incremental volume. Therefore, our engineers work to optimize our
processes and equipment by designing more effective and efficient ways to run our platforms.  We develop most
of our software technology in-house. Since our inception in 1999, we have had a development center in Buenos Aires where we concentrate the majority of our development efforts. In June of 2007, we also launched a second development center in the
province of San Luis in Argentina. The center is a collaborative effort with the Technological University of La Punta. In this effort, the university offers us access to dedicated development facilities and a recruiting base for potential employees.
 While we have developed most of our software technology in-house, we also outsource certain projects to
outside developers. We believe that outsourcing the development of these projects allows us to have a greater operating capacity and strengthens our internal know-how by incorporating new expertise to our business. In addition, our team of
developers frequently interacts with technology suppliers and attends technology-related events to familiarize itself with the latest inventions and developments in the field. 
Since 2010, weve been working on a deep technology overhaul that is allowing us to switch from a closed and
monolithic system to an open and decoupled one. We are splitting MercadoLibre into many small cells. A cell is a functional unit with its own team, hardware, data and source code. Cells interact with each other using APIs
(Application Programming Interfaces). All the Front-Ends are also being rewritten on top of these APIs. At the end of the process, we intend to open our platform to third-party developers. This effort is consuming a large amount of resources, and we
intend to keep investing in this area.  We anticipate that we will continue to devote significant resources to
product development in the future as we add new features and functionality to our services. The market in which we compete is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, frequent new service and product announcements,
introductions and enhancements and changing customer demands. Accordingly, our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services to evolving industry standards and to continually improve the
performance, features and reliability of our service in response to competitive service and product offerings and evolving demands of the marketplace. In addition, the widespread adoption of new Internet, networking or telecommunications
technologies or other technological changes could require us to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure. See Risk FactorsRisks related to our businessOur future success depends on our ability
to expand and adapt our operations to meet rapidly changing industry and technology standards in a cost-effective and timely manner, and on the continued market acceptance of our products and services. 
   9 






 Seasonality  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Like most retail businesses, we experience the effects of seasonality in all our operating territories throughout the calendar year. Although much of our seasonality is due to the Christmas holiday
season, the geographic diversity of our operations helps mitigate the seasonality attributed to summer vacation time ( i.e. southern and northern hemispheres) and national holidays. 
Typically, the fourth quarter of the year is the strongest in every country where we operate due to the significant
increase in transactions before the Christmas season (see Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations  Seasonality for more detail). The first quarter of the year is generally our slowest
period. The months of January, February and March normally correspond to summer vacation time in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Peru and Uruguay. Additionally, the Easter holiday falls in March or April, and Brazil celebrates Carnival for one week in
February or March. This first quarter seasonality is partially mitigated by the countries located in the northern hemisphere, such as Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela, the slowest months for which are the summer months of July, August and September.
 Competition  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The market for trading over the Internet is rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and we expect competition to intensify even further in the future. Barriers-to-entry for large, established Internet
companies are relatively low, and current and new competitors can launch new sites at relatively low cost using commercially available software. While we are currently the market leaders in a number of the markets in which we operate, we currently
or potentially compete with a limited number of small marketplace operators, such as Mas Oportunidades in Argentina, and Rakuten in Brazil. We also compete with businesses that offer business-to-consumer online e-commerce services such as pure play
Internet retailer Submarino (a website of B2W Inc), or others with a focus on specific vertical categories, such as Netshoes with sports & apparel.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">There are also a growing number of bricks and mortar retailers who have launched on line offerings such as Americanas (a website of B2W Inc), Casas Bahia and Falabella, and shopping comparison sites
located throughout Latin America such as Buscape and Bondfaro. In the classified advertising market, although no regional competitor exists, local players such as Webmotors, VivaStreet, Zap have important positions in certain markets. 
In addition, we could face competition from a number of large online communities and services that have expertise in
either developing online commerce, facilitating online interaction, or both. Some of these competitors, such as Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, and Facebook currently offer a variety of online services, and certain of these companies may introduce online
commerce to their large user populations. Other large companies with strong brand recognition and experience in online commerce, such as large newspaper or media companies also compete in the online listing market in Latin America. 
In September 2001, we entered into a strategic alliance with eBay, which became one of our stockholders and started
working with us to better serve the Latin American online commerce community. As part of this strategic alliance, we acquired eBays Brazilian subsidiary at the time, iBazar, and eBay agreed not to compete with us in the region during the term
of the agreement. This agreement also provided us with access to certain know-how and experience, which accelerated aspects of our development. The agreement governing our strategic alliance with eBay expired on September 24, 2006. Even though
eBay is one of our stockholders, since the termination of this agreement, there are no contractual restrictions preventing eBay from competing with us.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">MercadoPago competes with existing online and offline payment methods, including, among others, banks and other providers of traditional payment methods, particularly credit cards, checks, money orders,
and electronic bank deposits, international online payments services such as Paypal and Google Checkout, local online payment services such as DineroMail in Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Mexico, and Pagamento Digital and PagSeguro in Brazil, money
remitters such as Western Union, the use of cash, which is often preferred in Latin America, and offline funding alternatives such as cash deposit and money transmission services. Some of these services may operate at lower commission rates than
MercadoPagos current rates.  Intellectual property 
We regard the protection of our copyrights, service marks, trademarks, domain names, trade dress and trade secrets as
critical to our future success and rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, service mark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products and services. We have entered into
confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and certain contractors. We have also established non-disclosure agreements with our employees, strategic partners and some suppliers in order to limit access to and disclosure
of our proprietary information.  We pursue the registration of our trademarks and service marks in each
country where we operate, in the United States and in certain other Latin American countries. Generally, we register the name MercadoLibre, MercadoLivre, MercadoPago and MercadoSocios as well as our
handshake logo, and other names and logos in each country where we operate. As part of our acquisition of DeRemate, we acquired the trademarks of DeRemate throughout the countries where it operates, as well as certain other jurisdictions. As part of
our acquisition of CMG, we acquired the trademarks of CMG throughout the countries where it operates. 
Autopark LLC, an entity in which we own a 60% interest and have an option to acquire the remaining 40% ownership
interest, has 100% ownership of AP Clasificados which owns trademarks of Autoplaza.com.mx and Homershop.com.mx in Mexico. We would expect to acquire these trademarks in the future should we acquire 100% of the ownership interests in
Autopark. 
   10 







 We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future,
certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or copyrighted material, to third parties. While we attempt to ensure that our licensees maintain the quality of the MercadoLibre brand, our licensees may take actions that could
materially adversely affect the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. We also rely on certain technologies that we license from third parties, such as Oracle Corp., SAP AG, Salesforce.com Inc., Microstrategy, Radware, Juniper Networks,
Cisco Systems Inc, F5 Networks, and Netapp, the suppliers of key database technology, the operating system and specific hardware components for our services.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Third parties have from time to time claimed, and others may claim in the future, that we have infringed their intellectual property rights by allowing sellers to list certain items on MercadoLibre. See
Legal proceedings below and Risk factorsRisks related to our businessWe could potentially face legal and financial liability for the sale of items that infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and
for information disseminated on the MercadoLibre Marketplace.  Employees 
The following table shows the number of our employees at December 31, 2011. 
 







September 30,


 
    
Number of
 

 Country
    
Employees
 






 Argentina
    
 
863
  

 Brazil
    
 
501
  

 Colombia
    
 
51
  

 Chile
    
 
2
  

 Mexico
    
 
72
  

 Uruguay
    
 
4
  

 USA
    
 
1
  

 Venezuela
    
 
139
  


    
  
  
 




 Total
    
 
1,633
  


    
  
  
 
 We manage operations in the remaining countries remotely from our headquarters in
Argentina.  Our employees in Brazil are represented by an Information Technology Companies Labor Union in the
State of S&atilde;o Paulo (Sindicato dos Trabalhadores nas Empresas e Cursos de Inform&aacute;tica do Estado de S&atilde;o Paulo) and some of our employees in Argentina are represented by the Commercial Labor Union
(Sindicato de Empleados de Comercio). Unions or local regulations in other countries could also require that employees be represented. We consider our relations with our employees to be good and we implement a variety of human resources
practices, programs and policies that are designed to hire, retain, develop and compensate our employees.  We
are very proud of our employees and believe that our team is one of the most important assets of our business. We believe that our employees are among the most knowledgeable in the Latin American Internet industry, and they have developed a deep
understanding of our business and e-commerce in general. We believe we have been successful at attracting and retaining outstanding individuals over the years. A significant portion of our personnel has been with the company for several years, and
we strive to bring more talent by hiring individuals with an Internet-related background and experience. Similarly, our future success will depend on our ability to continue to attract and retain capable professionals. See Risk
factorsRisks related to our businessWe depend on key personnel, the loss of which could have a material adverse effect on us.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In order to support our Human Resources department, we use SAPs human resources payroll module across our business. We believe this allow us to centralize our employee database and important human
resources functions, such as payroll processing, to improve our controls and reduce certain administrative costs. 
   11 







 Government regulation 
We are subject to a variety of laws, decrees and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet in
some of the countries where we operate related to e-commerce, data collection, data protection, privacy, information requirements for Internet providers, taxation (including imposition of value added or sales taxes collection obligations)
obligations to provide information to certain authorities about transactions occurring on our platforms or about our users, and other legislation which also applies to other companies conducting business in general. It is not clear how existing laws
governing issues such as general commercial activities, property ownership, copyrights and other intellectual property issues, taxation (including the imposition to provide certain information about transactions that occurred in our platforms, or
about our users), libel and defamation, obscenity, consumer protection, digital signatures and personal privacy apply to online businesses. Some of these laws were adopted before the Internet was available and, as a result, do not contemplate or
address the unique issues of the Internet. Due to these areas of legal uncertainty, and the increasing popularity and use of the Internet and other online services, it is possible that new laws and regulations will be adopted with respect to the
Internet or other online services. These regulations could cover issues such as online commerce, Internet service providers responsibility for third party content hosted in their servers, user privacy, freedom of expression, pricing, content
and quality of products and services, taxation (including imposition of value added or sales taxes collection obligations, obligation to provide certain information about transactions occurred in our platforms, or about our users), advertising,
intellectual property rights, consumer protection and information security.  We are also subject to
regulations in certain provinces in Argentina that impose sales taxes collection obligations to the Company based on users sales through the platform. Other jurisdictions may issue new legislation in that regard. If users were to reduce or stop
using our website or services as a result, our business could be harmed.  We believe that the agency-based
structure that we currently use for MercadoPago allows us to operate this service without obtaining any governmental authorizations or licenses or being regulated as a financial institution in the countries where we offer MercadoPago. However, as we
continue to develop MercadoPago, we may need to secure governmental authorizations or licenses or comply with regulations applicable to financial institutions in the countries where we offer this service. 
There are laws and regulations that address foreign currency and exchange rates in every country in which we operate. In
Venezuela, we need governmental authorization to pay invoices to a foreign supplier or send money abroad due to foreign exchange restrictions. See Risk factorsRisks related to doing business in Latin AmericaLocal currencies used in
the conduct of our business are subject to depreciation, volatility and exchange controls for more information.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">On May 15, 2007, the Argentine Ministry of Economy approved MercadoLibre S.A. (this subsidiary changed its name in 2010 to MercadoLibre S.R.L.), our wholly owned Argentine subsidiary as a beneficiary
of the Argentine Regime to promote the software industry. Benefits of receiving this status include a 70% discount on mandatory Argentine labor taxes, a 60% reduction of Argentine income tax and a fixed federal tax rate in Argentina at the rate
effective in April of 2007 until September of 2014.  During 2011, a new Software Development Law, which
establishes certain benefits to promote the software development industry in Argentina, was approved, but the regulations pursuant thereto have not yet come into effect. This new Software Development Law maintains some of
the benefits mentioned in the paragraph above and extends its term until 2019. To qualify and obtain benefits set by the new law, Argentine companies will have to register with the government again and meet new requirements
to be established by regulation.  Segment and Geographic Information 
For an analysis of financial information about our segments, see Note 7, Segments to our Consolidated Financial Statement
included elsewhere in this report.  Offices  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We are a Delaware corporation incorporated on October 15, 1999. Our registered office is located at 15 East North Street, Dover, Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at Arias 3751,
7th Floor, Buenos Aires, Argentina, C1430CRG.  Available Information 
We maintain a web site, http://www.mercadolibre.com, which contains additional information concerning our company.
We make available free of charge through our web site our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and the charters of the Audit, the Compensation and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are also available on our web site and are available in print to any stockholder upon request in writing to MercadoLibre, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, Arias 3751, 7th floor, Buenos Aires,
Argentina, C1430CRG. Information on or connected to our web site is neither part of nor incorporated into this report on Form 10-K or any other SEC filings we make from time to time. 
   12 







 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
For purposes of this section, the term stockholders means the holders of shares of our common stock. Set
forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our stockholders and prospective stockholders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our company, our properties and our business. The occurrence of any of the
following risks might cause our stockholders to lose all or a part of their investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other risks that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial
also may affect our results of operations and financial condition. Some statements in this report including statements in the following risk factors section constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this report.  Risks related to our business 
The market for the sale of goods over the Internet in Latin America is developing, and our business depends on the continued growth
of online commerce and the availability and suitability of the Internet in Latin America.  The market
for the sale of goods over the Internet is a new and emerging market in Latin America. Our future revenues depend substantially on Latin American consumers widespread acceptance and use of the Internet as a way to conduct commerce. Rapid
growth in the use of and interest in the Internet (particularly as a way to conduct commerce) is a recent phenomenon, and we cannot assure you that this acceptance and use will continue to exist or develop. For us to grow our user base successfully,
consumers who have historically used traditional means of commerce to purchase goods must accept and use new ways of conducting business and exchanging information. Furthermore, the price of personal computers and Internet access may limit our
potential growth in countries with low levels of Internet penetration and/or high levels of poverty.  In
addition, the Internet may not be commercially viable in Latin America in the long term for a number of reasons, including potentially inadequate development of the necessary network infrastructure or delayed development of enabling technologies,
performance improvements and security measures. The infrastructure for the Internet may not be able to support continued growth in the number of Internet users, their frequency of use or their bandwidth requirements. In addition, the Internet could
lose its viability due to delays in telecommunications technological developments, or due to increased government regulation. If telecommunications services change or are not sufficiently available to support the Internet, response times would be
slower, which would adversely affect use of the Internet and our service in particular.  Our future success depends on
our ability to expand and adapt our operations to meet rapidly changing industry and technology standards in a cost-effective and timely manner, and on the continued market acceptance of our products and services. 
We plan to continue to expand our operations by developing and promoting new and complementary services. We may not
succeed at expanding our operations in a cost-effective or timely manner, and our expansion efforts may not have the same or greater overall market acceptance as our current services. Furthermore, any new business or service that we launch that is
not favorably received by consumers could damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brands. To expand our operations we will also need to spend significant amounts on development, operations and other resources, and we may place a strain
on our management, financial and operational resources. Similarly, a lack of market acceptance of these services or our inability to generate satisfactory revenues from any expanded services to offset their cost could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  Any delay or problem with upgrading our existing
information technology infrastructure could cause a disruption in our business and adversely impact our financial results.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our ability to operate our business from day-to-day largely depends on the efficient operation of our information technology infrastructure. We are frequently implementing hardware and software technology
upgrades, which may include migrations to new technology systems, in an effort to improve our systems. Our information technology systems may experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service. We are particularly susceptible to
errors in connection with any systems upgrade or migration to a different hardware or software system. Errors or interruptions could impede or delay our ability to process transactions on our site, which could reduce our revenue from activity on our
site and adversely affect our reputation with, or result in the loss of customers. These issues could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, and resource intensive than anticipated. Defects or disruptions in our technology
infrastructure could adversely impact our ability to process transactions, our financial results and our reputation. 
   13 







 Internet regulation in the countries where we operate is scarce, and several legal
issues related to the Internet are uncertain. We are subject to a number of other laws and regulations, and governments may enact laws or regulations that could adversely affect our business. 
Unlike the United States, most of the countries where we operate do not have specific laws governing the liability of
Internet service providers, such as ourselves, for fraud, intellectual property infringement, other illegal activities committed by individual users or third-party infringing content hosted on a providers servers. This legal uncertainty allows
for different judges or courts to decide very similar claims in different ways and establish contradictory jurisprudence. For example, in June 2009, a judge of a first instance court in the State of S&atilde;o Paulo ruled that our Brazilian
subsidiary should be held liable for fraud committed by sellers and losses incurred by buyers when purchasing items on the Brazilian version of the MercadoLibre website. We are appealing this ruling and, in December 2009, the effect of the
ruling was suspended until the appeal is decided by State Court of Appeals. If the ruling is upheld, it could require us to restructure our business model in ways that would harm our business and or cause us to incur substantial costs. 
In addition, certain judges may decide that Internet service providers are liable to an intellectual property owner for a
users sale of counterfeit items using our platform, while others may decide that the responsibility lies solely with the offending user. This legal uncertainty allows for rulings against us and could set adverse precedents, which individually
or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, legal uncertainty may negatively affect our clients perception and use of our services. 
We are subject to a variety of laws, decrees and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet in
some of the countries where we operate related to e-commerce, information requirements for Internet providers, data collection, data protection, data protection, privacy, taxation (including imposition of value added or sales taxes collection
obligations), obligations to provide certain information to certain authorities about transactions which occurred in our platforms or about our users and those regulations applicable to businesses in general and consumer protection. It is not clear
how existing laws governing issues such as general commercial activities, property ownership, copyrights and other intellectual property issues, taxation (including imposition to provide certain information about transactions occurred in our
platforms or about our users), libel and defamation, obscenity, and personal privacy apply to online businesses. Many of these laws were adopted before the Internet was available and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of
the Internet. Due to these areas of legal uncertainty, and the increasing popularity and use of the Internet and other online services, it is possible that new laws and regulations will be adopted with respect to the Internet or other online
services. These laws and regulations could cover issues such as online commerce, Internet service providers responsibility for third party content hosted in their servers, user privacy, freedom of expression, pricing, content and quality of
products and services, taxation (including imposition of value added or sales taxes collection obligations, obligation to provide certain information about transactions occurred in our platforms or about our users), advertising, intellectual
property rights, consumer protection and information security. If these laws are enacted, they may have negative effects on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
As our activities and the types of goods listed on our web site expand, regulatory agencies or courts may argue or rule
that we or our users must either obtain licenses or not be allowed to conduct business in their jurisdiction, either with respect to our services in general or only relating to certain items, such as auctions, real estate and motor vehicles. For
example, numerous jurisdictions, including Brazil and Argentina, have regulations regarding auctions and auctioneers and the handling of property by secondhand dealers or pawnbrokers. Attempted
enforcement of these laws against us or our users and other regulatory and licensing claims could result in expensive litigation or could require us to change the way we or our users do business. Any changes in our or our users business
methods could increase costs or reduce revenues or force us to prohibit listings of certain items for some locations. We could also be subject to fines or other penalties, and any of these outcomes could harm our business. 
In addition, because our services are accessible worldwide and we facilitate sales of goods to users worldwide, other
foreign jurisdictions may claim that we are required to comply with their laws. As we expand and localize our international activities, we have to comply with the laws of the countries in which we operate. Laws regulating Internet companies outside
of the Latin American jurisdictions where we operate may be more restrictive to us than those in Latin America. In order to comply with these laws, we may have to change our business practices or restrict our services. We could be subject to
penalties ranging from criminal prosecution to bans on our services for failure to comply with foreign laws. 
We are subject to laws relating to the collection, use, storage and transfer of personally identifiable information about
our users, especially financial information. Several jurisdictions have regulations in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions or regulations. If we violate these laws, which in many cases apply not only
to third-party transactions but also to transfers of information among ourselves, our subsidiaries, and other parties with which we have commercial relations, we could be subject to significant penalties and negative publicity, which would adversely
affect us.  We are also subject to regulations in certain provinces in Argentina that impose sales taxes
collection obligations to the Company based on users sales through the platform. Other jurisdictions may issue new legislation in that regard. If users were to reduce or stop using our website or services as a result, our business could be harmed.

   14 







 We are subject to regulatory activity and antitrust litigation under competition laws.
 We receive scrutiny from various government agencies under competition laws in the countries where we
operate. Some jurisdictions also provide private rights of action for competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. Other companies and government agencies may allege that our actions violate antitrust or competition laws,
or otherwise constitute unfair competition. Contractual agreements with buyers, sellers, or other companies could give rise to regulatory action or antitrust litigation. Also, our unilateral business practices could give rise to regulatory action or
antitrust litigation. Some regulators may perceive our business to have so much market power that otherwise uncontroversial business practices could be deemed anticompetitive. Such claims and investigations, even if without foundation, typically are
very expensive to defend, involve negative publicity and substantial diversion of management time and effort, and could result in significant judgments against us.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our business is an Internet platform for commercial transactions in which all commercial activity depends on our users and is therefore largely outside of our control. 
Our business is dependent on Internet users listing and purchasing their items and services on our Internet platform.
Therefore, we depend on the commercial activity, including both sales and purchases that our users generate. We do not choose which items will be listed, nor do we make pricing or other decisions relating to the products and services bought and sold
on our platform. Therefore, the principal drivers of our business are largely outside of our control, and we depend on the continued preference for our platform by millions of individual users. 
We could face liability for the sale of regulated and prohibited items, unpaid items or undelivered purchases, and the sale of
defective items.  Laws specifying the scope of liability of providers of online services for
activities of their users through their service are currently unsettled in most of the Latin American countries where we operate. We have implemented what we believe to be clear policies that are incorporated in our terms of use that prohibit the
sale of certain items on our platform and have implemented programs to monitor and exclude unlawful goods and services. Despite these efforts, we may be unable to prevent our users from exchanging unlawful goods or services or exchanging goods in an
unlawful manner, and we may be subject to allegations of civil or criminal liability for the unlawful activities of these users.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">More specifically, we are aware that certain goods, such as alcohol, tobacco, firearms, adult material and other goods that may be subject to regulation by local or national authorities of various
jurisdictions have been traded on the MercadoLibre Marketplace. As a consequence of these transactions, competent authorities may impose fines to us. We have at times been subject to fines in Brazil for certain users sale of products that have
not been approved by the government. We cannot provide any assurances that we will successfully avoid civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities that our users carry out through our service in the future. If we suffer potential liability
for any unlawful activities of our users, we may need to implement additional measures to reduce our exposure to this liability, which may require, among other things, that we spend substantial resources and/or discontinue certain service offerings.
Any costs that we incur as a result of this liability or asserted liability could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We believe that government and consumer protection agencies have received a substantial number of complaints about both
the MercadoLibre Marketplace and MercadoPago. We believe that these complaints are small as a percentage of our total transactions, but they could become large in aggregate numbers over time. From time to time, we are involved in disputes or
regulatory inquiries that arise in the ordinary course of business. The number and significance of these disputes and inquiries have increased as our business has expanded and our company has grown larger. We are likely to receive new inquiries from
regulatory agencies in the future, which may lead to action against us. We have responded to all inquiries from regulatory agencies and described our services, operating procedures and requested information. If one or more of these agencies is not
satisfied with our response to current or future inquiries, we could be subject to enforcement actions, fines or other penalties, or forced to change our operating practices in ways that could harm our business, or if during these inquiries any of
our processes are found to violate laws on consumer protection, or to constitute unfair business practices, we could be subject to civil damages, enforcement actions, fines or penalties. Such actions or fines could require us to restructure our
business processes in ways that would harm our business and cause us to incur substantial costs.  In addition,
our success depends largely upon sellers accurately representing and reliably delivering the listed goods and buyers paying the agreed purchase price. We have received in the past, and anticipate that we will receive in the future, complaints from
users who did not receive the purchase price or the goods agreed to be exchanged. While we can suspend the accounts of users who fail to fulfill their delivery obligations to other users, we do not have the ability to require users to make payments
or deliver goods sold. We also receive complaints from buyers regarding the quality of the goods purchased or the partial or non-delivery of purchased items. We have tried to reduce our liability to buyers for unfulfilled transactions or other
claims related to the quality of the purchased goods by offering a free Buyer Protection program to buyers who meet certain conditions. Although the number of claims that we have paid through this program is not currently significant, we may in the
future receive additional requests from users requesting reimbursement or threatening legal action against us if we do not reimburse them, the result of which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. As discussed
above, we are currently appealing a determination by a Brazilian court that our Brazilian subsidiary should be held liable for fraud committed by sellers and losses incurred by buyers when purchasing items on the Brazilian version of the
MercadoLibre website. We keep expanding the coverage 
   15 







 
of our Buyers Protection Program. This coverage expansion may impact the number and amount of reimbursements we are required to make. This new version may impact the number and amount of
reimbursements we are required to make. Our users have been and will continue to be targeted by parties using fraudulent spoof and phishing emails that appear to be legitimate emails sent by MercadoLibre or MercadoPago or by
a user of one of our businesses, but direct recipients to fake websites operated by the sender of the email or misstates that certain payment was credited in MercadoPago and request that the recipient send the product sold or send a password or
other confidential information. Despite our efforts to mitigate spoof and phishing emails, those activities could damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brands or discourage use of our websites and increase our
costs.  We have received in the past, and anticipate that we will receive in the future, legal actions from
users who received spoof emails and sent the product and did not receive the purchase price. Currently we have a case, in which our Brazilian subsidiary was sued by a user that sent the product to the buyer but did not receive any payment, since the
email he received was a spoof and had not been sent by the Company. In 2007 the Lower Court Judge found our Brazilian subsidiary responsible for that spoof and ordered to pay the plaintiff the amount of approximately $1,500, to be adjusted against
inflation plus default interest. We filed an appeal to the State Court of Appeals, which was granted in 2008 and the plaintiff presented a special appeal to the Superior Court of Justice of Brazil. On December 1, 2011 the Superior Court of
Justice of Brazil granted the special appeal in order to restore the Lower Court Judge decision. After that found our Brazilian subsidiary filed for clarification, which is still pending. 
Any litigation related to unpaid or undelivered purchases or defective items could be expensive for us, divert
managements attention and could result in increased costs of doing business. In addition, any negative publicity generated as a result of the fraudulent or deceptive conduct of our users could damage our reputation and diminish the value of
our brands.  We could face legal and financial liability for the sale of items that infringe on the intellectual
property and distribution rights of others and for information disseminated on the MercadoLibre Marketplace.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Even though we monitor listings on our web sites, we are not able to detect every item that may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. As a result, we have received in the past,
and anticipate that we will receive in the future, complaints alleging that certain items listed and/or sold through the MercadoLibre Marketplace and/or using MercadoPago infringe third-party copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property
rights. Content owners and other intellectual property rights owners have been active in defending their rights against online companies, including us. We have taken steps to work in coordination and cooperation with the intellectual property rights
owners to seek to eliminate allegedly infringing items listed in the MercadoLibre Marketplace. Our user policy prohibits the sale of goods which may infringe third-party intellectual property rights, and we may suspend the account of any user who
infringes third-party intellectual property rights. Despite all these measures some rights owners have expressed that our efforts are insufficient. Content owners and other intellectual property rights owners have been active in asserting their
purported rights against online companies. Allegations of infringement of intellectual property rights could result in threats of litigation and actual litigation against us by rights owners. 
Specifically, allegations of infringement of intellectual property rights have already resulted in claims against us from
time to time, including litigation in Brazil brought by Cartier International B.V., Montblanc Simplo Gmbh, Richemont International S.A., Puma Sports Ltda., Lacoste do Brasil Ind&uacute;stria e Comercio Ltda., Sporloisirs S.A., Qix Skateboards
Ind&uacute;stria e Comercio Ltda, Vintage Denim Ltda., Editora COC Empreendimentos Culturais Ltda., Barros Fischer e Associados Ltda., Fallms Distribui&ccedil;&atilde;o de Fitas Ltda., 100% Nacional Distribuidora de Fitas Ltda., Xuxa
Promo&ccedil;&otilde;es e Produ&ccedil;&otilde;es Art&iacute;sticas Limitada, Praetorium Instituto de Ensino, Pesquisas e Atividades de Extens&atilde;o e Direito Ltda., Sette Informa&ccedil;&otilde;es Educacion&atilde;is Ltda., Serasa S.A., Botelho
Industria e Distribui&ccedil;o Cinematogr&aacute;fica Ltda., and Citizen Watch do Brasil S/A and in Argentina brought by Nike International Ltd. and Iglesia Mesianica Mundial Sekai Kyusei Kio. 
While we have been largely successful to date in settling existing claims by agreeing to monitor the brands, the current
lack of laws related to the Internet results in great uncertainty as to the outcome of any future claims. Other companies providing similar services to us have also been subject to these types of claims in the United States and other countries. In
June 2008, the Paris Court of Commerce ruled that eBay, Inc. and eBay International AG were liable to Louis Vuitton Malletier and Christian Dior Couture for failing to prevent the sale of counterfeit items on its web sites that traded on
plaintiffs brand names and for interfering with the plaintiffs selective distribution network. The court awarded plaintiffs approximately EUR 38.6 million in damages and issued an injunction prohibiting all sales of perfumes and
cosmetics bearing the Dior, Guerlain, Givenchy and Kenzo brands over all worldwide eBay sites to the extent they are accessible from France. We cannot assure you that MercadoLibre and MercadoPago will not be subject to similar suits, which could
result in substantial awards and costly injunctions against us.  We continue to have outstanding litigation
and, although we intend to defend each of these claims, we cannot assure you that we will be successful. This type of litigation is expensive for us, could result in damage awards or increased costs of doing business through adverse judgments or
settlements, could require us to change our business practices in expensive ways, or could otherwise harm our business. Litigation against other online companies could result in interpretations of the law that could also require us to change our
business practices or otherwise increase our costs.  In addition, new bills of laws have been introduced in
the U.S. Congress proposing certain regulation to Internet companies with respect to intellectual property issues, like the Stop Online Piracy Act ( SOPA) and the Protect Intellectual Property Act (PIPA), that would give
intellectual property rights owners and the government broad powers to file lawsuits against websites accused of facilitating copyright infringement, and such lawsuits could result in, among other consequences, payment providers from doing business
with allegedly infringing sites, as well as search engines being precluded from linking to, and Internet service providers being required to block access to, such sites. If these or similar laws were finally enacted, it could have a negative impact
in our business. 
   16 







 We are subject to risks with respect to information and material disseminated through
our platforms.  It is possible that third parties could bring claims against us for defamation, libel,
invasion of privacy, negligence, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials disseminated through our services. Other online services companies are facing several lawsuits for this type of liability. As mentioned previously,
the liability of online services companies for content hosted and the information carried on or disseminated through their services is currently unclear in the Latin American countries where we operate. This could allow for claims being made against
us by purportedly aggrieved third parties. For example, the MercadoLibre service contains a User Feedback feature, which includes reviews and ratings from users regarding the reliability of other users in paying or delivering goods sold in a
transaction promptly. Although users generate all the feedback, it is possible that a party could bring a claim for defamation or other injury against us for content posted through the User Feedback feature. If we or other online services providers
are held liable or potentially liable for information carried on or disseminated through our services, we may have to implement measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. Any measures we may need to implement may involve spending substantial
resources and/or discontinuing certain services. Any costs that we incur as a result of liability or asserted liability could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, public
attention to liability issues, lawsuits and legislative proposals could impact the growth of Internet use, and subsequently have a negative impact on our business results.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The market in which we operate is rapidly evolving and we may not be able to maintain our profitability. 
As a result of the emerging nature of the markets in which we compete, the increased variety of services offered on our
web site and the rapidly evolving nature of our business, it is particularly difficult for us to forecast our revenues or earnings accurately. In addition, we have no backlog and substantially all of our net revenues for each quarter are derived
from listing fees, optional feature fees, up-front fees, final value fees, commissions on MercadoPago payments and advertising that are earned during that quarter. Our current and future expense levels are based largely on our investment plans and
estimates of future revenues and are, to a large extent, fixed. We may not be able to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. Accordingly, any significant shortfall in revenues relative to our planned
expenditures would have an immediate adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  If
we continue to grow, we may not be able to appropriately manage the increased size of our business. 
We are currently experiencing a period of significant expansion and anticipate that further expansion will be required to
address potential growth in our customer base and market opportunities. This expansion has placed, and is expected to continue to place, a significant strain on management and our operational and financial resources. 
We must constantly add new hardware, update software, enhance and improve our billing and transaction systems, and add
and train new engineering and other personnel to accommodate the increased use of our web site and the new products and features we regularly introduce. This upgrade process is expensive, and the increasing complexity and enhancement of our web site
results in higher costs. Failure to upgrade our technology, features, transaction processing systems, security infrastructure, or network infrastructure to accommodate increased traffic or transaction volume could harm our business. Adverse
consequences could include unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, degradation in levels of customer support, impaired quality of users experiences of our services and delays in reporting accurate financial information.
 Our revenues depend on prompt and accurate billing processes. Our failure to grow our transaction-processing
capabilities to accommodate the increasing number of transactions that must be billed on our web site would harm our business and our ability to collect revenue. 
Furthermore, we may need to enter into relationships with various strategic partners, web sites and other online service
providers and other third parties necessary to our business. The increased complexity of managing multiple commercial relationships could lead to execution problems that can affect current and future revenues and operating margins. 
Our current and planned systems, procedures and controls, personnel and third party relationships may not be adequate to
support our future operations. Our failure to manage growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our systems may fail or suffer interruptions due to human acts, technical problems, or natural disasters. 
Our success, and in particular our ability to facilitate trades or payments successfully and provide high quality
customer service, depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware systems. Substantially all of our computer hardware for operating the MercadoLibre Marketplace and MercadoPago services is currently
located at the facilities of the Savvis Datacenter in Sterling, Virginia, with a redundant database backup in Atlanta, Georgia. These systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, fires, power
loss, computer viruses, telecommunication failures, physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, terrorism, and similar events. If our system suffers a major failure, it would take as much as several days to get the
service running again because our Atlanta 
   17 







 database is only a backup with very limited hardware. We also have no formal disaster
recovery plan or alternative providers of hosting services and do not carry business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur. Despite any precautions we have taken and plan to take, if there is a natural disaster or major
failure, a decision by our providers to close one of the facilities we use without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problem at the Virginia or Atlanta facilities, the services we provide could suffer interruptions. We currently have no plans
to upgrade the Atlanta facility capabilities. Additionally, in the occurrence of such pronounced, frequent or persistent system failures, our reputation and name brand could be materially adversely affected. 
We are subject to security breaches or other confidential data theft from our systems, which can adversely affect our reputation
and business.  A significant risk associated with online commerce and communications is the secure
transmission of confidential information over public networks. Currently, a number of MercadoLibre users authorize us to bill their credit card accounts or debit their bank accounts directly, or use MercadoPago for all the transaction fees that we
charge. We rely on encryption and authentication necessary to provide the security and authentication technology to transmit confidential information securely, including customer credit card numbers and other account information. Advances in
computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, or other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology that we use to protect customer transaction data. If our security were compromised, it could
have a material adverse effect on our reputation. We cannot assure you that our security measures will prevent security breaches or that failure to prevent them will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.  As stated above, our users are targeted by parties using fraudulent spoof
and phishing emails to misappropriate passwords, credit card numbers, or other personal information or to introduce viruses to our users computers. Those emails appear to be legitimate emails sent by MercadoLibre or MercadoPago or
by a user of one of our businesses, but direct recipients to fake websites operated by the sender of the email or misstates that certain payment was credited in MercadoPago and request that the recipient send the product sold or provide a password
or other confidential information. Despite our efforts to mitigate spoof and phishing emails, those activities could damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brands or discourage use of our websites and increase
our costs.  We depend on key personnel, the loss of which could have a material adverse effect on us.
 Our performance depends substantially on the continued services and on the performance of our senior
management and other key personnel. Our ability to retain and motivate these and other officers and employees is fundamental to our performance.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our most senior executive officers have been with us since 2000 or before, providing us with a stable and experienced management team. The loss of the services of any of these executive officers or other
key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not have employment agreements with any of our key technical personnel other than our senior executives (whose agreements are
for an undetermined period and establish general employment terms and conditions) and maintain no key person life insurance policies. The option grants to most of our senior management and key employees are fully vested. Therefore, these
employees may not have sufficient financial incentive to stay with us. Consequently we may have to incur costs to replace key employees who leave and our ability to execute our business model could be impaired if we cannot replace them in a timely
manner.  Our future success also depends on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train, retain and motivate
other highly skilled technical, managerial, marketing and customer service personnel. Competition for this personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully attract, integrate, train, retain, motivate and manage
sufficiently qualified personnel.  Currently our revenues depend substantially on up-front, final value fees and fees
related to our payment solution we charge to sellers and such revenues may decrease if market conditions force us to lower such fees or if we fail to diversify our sources of revenue. 
Our revenues currently depend primarily on up-front fees, final value fees and fees related to our payment solution that
we charge to our sellers for listing and upon selling their items and services. Our platform depends upon providing access to a large market at a lower cost than other comparable alternatives. If market conditions force us to substantially lower our
listing or final value fees or fees related to our payment solution or if we fail to continue to attract new buyers and sellers, and if we are unable to effectively diversify and expand our sources of revenue, our profitability, results of
operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.  We are subject to consumer trends and
could lose revenue if certain items become less popular.  We derive substantially all of our revenues
from fees charged to sellers for listing products for sale on our service, fees from successfully completed transactions and fees for making payments through MercadoPago. Our future revenues depend on continued demand for the types of goods that
users list on the MercadoLibre Marketplace or pay with MercadoPago on or off the MercadoLibre Marketplace. The popularity of certain categories of items, such as computer and electronic products, cellular telephones, toys, clothing and sporting
goods, among consumers may vary over time due to perceived availability, subjective value, and trends of consumers and society in general. A decline in the demand for or popularity of certain items sold through the MercadoLibre Marketplace without
an increase in demand for different items could reduce the overall volume of transactions on 
   18 







 the MercadoLibre service, resulting in reduced revenues. In addition, certain consumer
fads may temporarily inflate the volume of certain types of items listed on the MercadoLibre Marketplace, placing a significant strain on our infrastructure and transaction capacity. These trends may also cause significant fluctuations
in our operating results from one quarter to the next.  Retailers may encourage manufacturers to limit distribution of
their products to dealers who sell through us, or may encourage the government to limit online commerce.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Manufacturers may attempt to enforce minimum resale price maintenance arrangements to prevent distributors from selling on our websites or on the Internet generally, or at prices that would make our site
attractive relative to other alternatives. The adoption by manufacturers of policies, or the adoption of new laws or regulations or interpretations of existing laws or regulations by government authorities, in each case discouraging the sales of
goods or services over the Internet, could force our users to stop selling certain products on our websites. Increased competition or anti-Internet distribution policies or regulations may result in reduced operating margins, loss of market share
and diminished value of our brand. In order to respond to changes in the competitive environment, we may, from time to time, make pricing, service or marketing decisions or acquisitions that may be controversial with and lead to dissatisfaction
among some of our sellers, which could reduce activity on our websites and harm our profitability.  The success of other
e-commerce companies such as eBay and Amazon is not an indication of our future financial performance. 
Several companies that operate e-commerce web sites, such as eBay and Amazon, have been successful and profitable in the
past. However, we operate in a business environment that is different from eBays and other e-commerce companies operating outside of Latin America. These differences include the smaller size of the national markets, lower Internet adoption
rates, lower confidence in remote payment mechanisms, less reliable postal and parcel services, and less predictable political, economic regulatory and legal environments. Therefore, you should not interpret the success of any of these companies as
indicative of our financial prospects.  We could be subject to liability and forced to change our
MercadoPago business practices if we were found to be subject to or in violation of any laws or regulations governing banking, money transmission, tax regulation, anti-money laudering regulations or electronic funds transfers in any country where we
operate.  A number of jurisdictions where we operate have enacted legislation regulating money
transmitters. We believe we do not require a license under the existing statutes of Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Colombia and Venezuela to operate MercadoPago with its current agency-based structure. If our operation of MercadoPago were found
to be in violation of money services laws or regulations or any tax or anti-money laundering regulations, or engaged in an unauthorized banking or financial business, we could be subject to liability, forced to cease doing business with residents of
certain countries, or forced to change our business practices or to become a financial entity. Any change to our MercadoPago business practices that makes the service less attractive to customers or prohibits its use by residents of a particular
jurisdiction could decrease the speed of trade on the MercadoLibre Marketplace, which would further harm our business. Even if we are not forced to change our MercadoPago business practices, we could be required to obtain licenses or regulatory
approvals that could be very expensive and time consuming, and we cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain these licenses in a timely manner or at all.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">MercadoPago is susceptible to illegal uses, and we could potentially face liability for any illegal use of MercadoPago. 
MercadoPago, like the MercadoLibre platform, is also susceptible to potentially illegal or improper uses, including,
fraudulent and illicit sales, money laundering, bank fraud, different fraud schemes and online securities fraud. In addition, MercadoPagos service could be subject to unauthorized credit card use, identity theft, break-ins to withdraw account
balances, employee fraud or other internal security breaches, and we may be required to reimburse customers for any funds stolen as a result of such breaches. Merchants could also request reimbursement, or stop using MercadoPago, if they are
affected by buyer fraud.  In addition, MercadoPago may be subject to anti-money laundering laws and
regulations that prohibit, among other things, its involvement in transferring the proceeds of criminal activities or impose taxes collection obligations or obligation to provide certain information about transactions occurred in our platforms, or
about our users. Because of different laws and regulations in each jurisdiction where we operate, as we roll-out and adapt MercadoPago in other countries, additional verification and reporting requirements could apply. These regulations could impose
significant costs on us and make it more difficult for new customers to join the MercadoPago network. Future regulation (under the USA Patriot Act or otherwise), may require us to learn more about the identity of our MercadoPago customers before
opening an account, to obtain additional verification of customers and to monitor our customers activities more closely. These requirements, as well as any additional restrictions imposed by credit card associations, could raise our
MercadoPago costs significantly and reduce the attractiveness of MercadoPago. Failure to comply with money laundering laws could result in significant criminal and civil lawsuits, penalties, and forfeiture of significant assets. 
We incur losses from claims that customers did not authorize a purchase, from buyer fraud and from erroneous
transmissions. In addition to the direct costs of such losses, if they are related to credit card transactions and become excessive, they could result in MercadoPago losing the right to accept credit cards for payment. If MercadoPago is unable to
accept credit cards, our business will be adversely affected given that credit cards are the most widely used method for funding the MercadoPago accounts. We have taken measures to detect and reduce the risk of fraud on MercadoPago, such as running
address verification system (AVS) and card 
   19 







 security code (CSC) checks in some countries, calling users to have them answer
personal questions to confirm their identity or asking users to fax extra documentation for higher risk transactions, implementing caps on overall spending per users and data mining to detect potentially fraudulent transactions. However, these
measures may not be effective against current and new forms of fraud. If these measures do not succeed, excessive charge-backs may arise in the future and our business will be adversely affected. 
Our failure to manage MercadoPago customer funds properly would harm our business. 
Our ability to manage and account accurately for MercadoPago customer funds requires a high level of internal controls.
We have neither an established operating history nor proven management experience in maintaining, over a long term, these internal controls. As MercadoPago continues to grow, we must strengthen our internal controls accordingly. MercadoPagos
success requires significant public confidence in our ability to handle large and growing transaction volumes and amounts of customer funds. Any failure to maintain necessary controls or to properly manage customer funds could severely reduce
customer use of MercadoPago.  MercadoPago is a relatively new service that faces competition from other payment method
and competitors may adversely affect the success of MercadoPago.  MercadoPago competes with existing
online and offline payment methods, including, among others, banks and other providers of traditional payment methods, particularly credit cards, checks, money orders, and electronic bank deposits; international online payments services such as
Paypal and Google Checkout, and local online payment services such as DineroMail in Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Mexico, and Pagamento Digital and PagSeguro in Brazil; money remitters such as Western Union; the use of cash, which is often
preferred in Latin America; and offline funding alternatives such as cash deposit and money transmission services. Some of these services may operate at lower commission rates than MercadoPagos current rates and, accordingly, we are subject to
market pressures with respect to the commissions we charge for MercadoPago services.  MercadoPagos
competitors may respond to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements faster and more effectively than us. They may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of products and services than we do for
MercadoPago. Competing services tied to established banks and other financial institutions may offer greater liquidity and create greater consumer confidence in the safety and efficacy of their services than MercadoPago. Established banks and other
financial institutions currently offer online payments and those which do not yet provide such a service could quickly and easily develop it.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We are currently in the process of rolling out our direct payments product in some countries in order to provide a better experience to our users. For the same reason we are also charging a single final
value fee for the right to use MercadoLibre and MercadoPago in those transactions. This change may result in our experiencing a lower combined take rate. We consider MercadoPagos direct payments product to be in early release and have
identified several opportunities to improve upon the product. In addition, the transition to the new system may not be a smooth one. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business. 
We continue to expand MercadoPagos services internationally. We have no experience with the online payment solution
in Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal or Uruguay. In order to introduce MercadoPago in some countries we may require a close commercial relationship with one or more local banks. These or other factors may prevent,
delay or limit our introduction of MercadoPago in other countries, or reduce its profitability.  We rely on banks or
payment processors to fund transactions, and changes to credit card association fees, rules or practices may adversely affect our business.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Because MercadoPago is not a bank, we cannot belong to or directly access credit card associations, such as Visa and MasterCard. As a result, we must rely on banks or payment processors to process the
funding of MercadoPago transactions and MercadoLibre Marketplace collections, and must pay a fee for this service. From time to time, credit card associations may increase the interchange fees that they charge for each transaction using one of their
cards. The credit card processors of MercadoPago and the MercadoLibre Marketplace have the right to pass any increases in interchange fees on to us as well as increase their own fees for processing. These increased fees increase the operating costs
of MercadoPago, reduce our profit margins from MercadoPago operations and, to a lesser degree, affect the operating margins of the MercadoLibre Marketplace.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We are also required by MercadoPago and MercadoLibres processors to comply with credit card association operating rules. The credit card associations and their member banks set and interpret the
credit card rules. Some of those member banks compete with MercadoPago. Visa, MasterCard, American Express or other credit card companies could adopt new operating rules or re-interpret existing rules that we or MercadoPagos processors might
find difficult or even impossible to follow. As a result, we could lose our ability to provide MercadoPago customers the option of using credit cards to fund their payments and MercadoLibre users the option to pay their fees using a credit card. If
MercadoPago were unable to accept credit cards, our MercadoPago business would be adversely affected. 
   20 







 We could lose the right to accept credit cards or pay fines if MasterCard
and/or Visa determine that users are using MercadoPago to engage in illegal or high risk activities or if users generate a large amount of chargebacks. Accordingly, we are working to prevent high risk merchants from using
MercadoPago.Additionally, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates to fund our MercadoPago and for that reason our profitability and total payments volume could decrease. 
Our operating results may be impacted by an economic crisis. 
General adverse economic conditions, including the possibility of a severe recession and a worldwide economic slowdown,
would adversely impact our operating results and business. If the current weakness in the global economy persists or or worsens, or the present global economic uncertainties persist for an extended period of time, many of our users, may delay or
reduce their purchases of goods on the MercadoLibre Marketplace, which would reduce our revenues and have a material adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, future changes in trends could result in a material impact to future consolidated
statements of income and cash flows.  The failure of the financial institutions with which we conduct business may have
a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.  The financial
services industry experienced a period of unprecedented turmoil in 2008 and 2009, characterized by the bankruptcy, failure or sale of various financial institutions and an unprecedented level of intervention from the United States and other
governments. If the condition of the financial services industry again deteriorates or becomes weakened for an extended period of time, the following factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial
condition:   


 

 
 Disruptions to the capital markets or the banking system may materially adversily affect the value of investments or bank deposits we
currently consider safe or liquid. We may be unable to find suitable alternative investments that are safe, liquid, and provide a reasonable return. This could result in lower interest income or longer investment horizons.
  


 

 
 We may be required to increase the installment and financing fees we charge to customers for purchases made in installments or cease offering
installment purchases altogether, each of which may result in a lower volume of transactions completed.   


 

 
 We may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so. Due to
the nature of our MercadoPago business, we generate high account receivable balances that we typically sell to financial institutions, and accordingly, lack of access to credit, or bank liquidations could cause us to experience severe difficulties
in paying our sellers.   


 

 
 The failure of financial institution counterparties to honor their obligations to us under credit instruments could jeopardize our ability to
rely on and benefit from those instruments. Our ability to replace those instruments on the same or similar terms may be limited under difficult market conditions. 
A rise in interest rates may negatively affect our MercadoPago payment volume. 
In each of Brazil, Argentina and Mexico, we offer users the ability to pay for goods purchased using MercadoPago in
installments. In 2009, 2010 and 2011, installment payments represented 58.4%, 54.6% and 53.0% of MercadoPagos total payment volume, respectively. To facilitate the offer of the installment payment feature, we pay interest to credit card
processors and issuer banks in Mexico and Argentina and we pay interest to advance credit card coupons in Brazil. In all of these cases, if interest rates increase, we may have to raise the installment fees we charge to users which would likely have
a negative effect on MercadoPagos total payment volume.  Changes in MercadoPagos funding mix could adversely
affect MercadoPagos results.  MercadoPago pays significant transaction fees when senders fund
payment transactions using credit cards, PagoMisCuentas and Pago F&aacute;cil, nominal fees when customers fund payment transactions from their bank accounts in Brazil, Argentina and Mexico, and no fees when customers fund payment transactions from
an existing MercadoPago account balance. Senders funded approximately 74.3%, 71.3% and 76.0% of MercadoPagos payment volume using credit cards during 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively (either in a single payment or in installments), and
MercadoPagos financial success will remain highly sensitive to changes in the rate at which its senders fund payments using credit cards. Senders may prefer credit card funding rather than bank account transfers for a number of reasons,
including the ability to pay in installments in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina, the ability to dispute and reverse charges if merchandise is not delivered or is not as described, the ability to earn frequent flyer miles or other incentives offered by
credit cards, the ability to defer payment, or a reluctance to provide bank account information to us.  Changes in
MercadoPago ticket mix could adversely affect MercadoPagos results.  The transaction fees
MercadoPago pays in connection with certain means of payment such as OXXO are fixed regardless of the ticket price, and certain costs incurred in connection with the processing of credit card transactions are also fixed. Currently, MercadoPago
charges a fee calculated as a percentage of each transaction. If MercadoPago receives a larger percentage of low ticket transactions its margin may erode or we may need to raise prices by including a fixed fee per transaction which, in turn, may
affect the volume of transactions. 
   21 







 We have no business insurance coverage, which would require us to spend significant
resources in the event of a disruption of our services or other contingency.  Insurance companies in
Latin America offer limited business insurance products. We do not carry any business liability or disruption insurance coverage for our operations. Any business disruption, litigation, system failure or natural disaster may cause us to incur
substantial costs and divert resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We may not be able to adequately protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. We could potentially face claims alleging that our technologies infringe the property rights of others.
 We regard the protection of our copyrights, service marks, trademarks, domain names, trade dress and
trade secrets as critical to our future success and rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, service mark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products and services. We have
entered into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and certain contractors, and non-disclosure agreements with our employees and certain suppliers and strategic partners in order to limit access to and disclosure of
our proprietary information. We cannot assure you that these contractual arrangements or the other steps that we have taken or will take in the future to protect our intellectual property will prove sufficient to prevent misappropriation of our
technology or to deter independent third-parties from developing similar or competing technologies.  We pursue
the registration of our domain names, trademarks, logos and service marks in each country where we operate, in the United States and in certain other Latin American countries. Effective trademark, service mark, copyright, domain name and trade
secret protection may not be available or granted to us by the appropriate regulatory authority in every country in which our services are made available online. For example, since 1999, we have filed several applications to register the name
MercadoLivre and our logo in Brazil. Although most of the applications are still pending, certain applications were denied in that country under the argument that the name was descriptive of its activities. We cannot assure you that we
will succeed in obtaining these trademarks or in our challenges to existing or future applications by other parties or by the Instituto Nacional da Propriedade Industrial (the National Institute of Industrial Property). If we are not successful,
MercadoLibres ability to protect its brand in Brazil against third-party infringers would be compromised and we could face claims by any future trademark owners. Any past or future claims relating to these issues, whether meritorious or not,
could cause us to enter into costly royalty and/or licensing agreements. If any of these claims against us are successful we may also have to modify our brand name in certain countries. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition.  We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license
in the future, certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or copyrighted material, to third parties. While we attempt to ensure that our licensees maintain the quality of the MercadoLibre brand, our licensees may take actions that could
materially adversely affect the value of our proprietary rights or reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
To date, we have not been notified that our technology infringes on the proprietary rights of third parties, but third
parties may claim infringement on our part with respect to past, current or future technologies or features of our services. We expect that participants in our markets will be increasingly subject to infringement claims as the number of services and
competitors in the e-commerce segment grows. Any of these claims could have a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Since 2001, eBay has been subject to a lawsuit alleging infringement of patents relating to online consignment auction
technology, multiple database searching and electronic consignment systems. In September 2001, MercExchange LLC filed a complaint against eBay and their subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia alleging
infringement of three patents (relating to online consignment auction technology, multiple database searching and electronic consignment systems) and seeking a permanent injunction and damages (including treble damages for willful infringement).
Following a trial and jury verdict, in August 2003, the court entered judgment for MercExchange in the amount of approximately $30 million plus pre-judgment interest and post-judgment interest, but refused to grant an injunction. eBay
appealed the verdict and judgment in favor of MercExchange, and MercExchange filed a cross-appeal. In May, 2006, following appeals to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and the U.S. Supreme Court, the Supreme Court ruled that an
outright denial of an injunction in a patent case is not appropriate, and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. On August 28, 2006, MercExchange renewed its motion for a permanent injunction in the U.S. District Court
for the Eastern District of Virginia. Final briefs on such motion were filed in March 2007, and in July 2007, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia denied MercExchanges motion for permanent injunction. MercExchange
subsequently entered a notice of appeal. In December 2007, the court entered judgment for MercExchange for $25 million plus prejudgment and post judgment interest. eBay subsequently entered a notice of appeal. 
In February 2008, eBay and all parties involved agreed to settle and dismiss all claims and appeals stemming from
the lawsuit. As a part of the settlement, eBay will purchase all three patents involved in the lawsuit, and related technology and inventions, as well as a license to another search-related patent portfolio that was not asserted in the lawsuit.
 From time to time, we are involved in other disputes or regulatory inquiries that arise in the ordinary
course of business. The number and significance of these disputes and inquiries are increasing as our business expands and we grow larger. Any claims or regulatory actions against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in
expensive litigation, require significant amounts of management time, and result in the diversion of significant operational resources. 
   22 







 We may not be able to secure licenses for third-party technologies upon which we rely.
 We rely on certain technologies that we license from third parties, such as Oracle Corp., SAP AG,
Salesforce.com Inc., Microstrategy, Radware, Juniper Networks, Cisco Systems Inc, F5 Networks, and Netapp, the suppliers of key database technology, operating system and specific hardware components for our services. We cannot assure you that these
third-party technology licenses will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. If we were not able to make use of this technology, we would need to obtain substitute technology that may be of lower quality or performance
standards or at greater cost, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Problems that affect our third-party service providers could potentially adversely affect us as well. 
A number of parties provide beneficial services to us or to our users. These services include the hosting of our servers,
and the postal and payments infrastructures that allow users to deliver and pay for the goods and services traded amongst themselves, in addition to paying their MercadoLibre Marketplace bills. Financial, regulatory, or other problems that might
prevent these companies from providing services to us or our users could reduce the number of listings on our web sites or make completing transactions on our web sites more difficult, which would harm our business. Any security breach at one of
these companies could also affect our customers and harm our business. Although we generally have been able to renew or extend the terms of contractual arrangements with these third party service providers on acceptable terms, we cannot assure you
that we will continue to be able to do so in the future.  Complaints from customers or negative publicity about our
services can diminish consumer confidence and adversely affect our business.  Because volume and
growth in adoption of new users are key factors for our profitability, customer complaints or negative publicity about our customer service could severely diminish consumer confidence in and use of our services. Measures we sometimes take to combat
risks of fraud and breaches of privacy and security can damage relations with our customers. To maintain good customer relations, we need prompt and accurate customer service to resolve irregularities and disputes. Effective customer service
requires significant personnel expense and investment in developing programs and technology infrastructure to help customer service representatives carry out their functions. These expenses, if not managed properly, could significantly impact our
profitability. Failure to manage or train our customer service representatives properly could compromise our ability to handle customer complaints effectively. If we do not handle customer complaints effectively, our reputation may suffer and we may
lose our customers confidence.  As part of our program to reduce fraud losses in relation to
MercadoPago, we make use of MercadoPago anti-fraud models and we may temporarily restrict the ability of customers to withdraw their funds if we identify those funds or the customers account activity as suspicious. MercadoPago has not been
subject to any significant negative publicity about this. However, users who were banned from withdrawing funds or received fake mail appearing to be sent by MercadoPago initiated legal actions against us. As a result of our efforts to police the
use of our services, MercadoPago may receive negative publicity, our ability to attract new MercadoPago customers may be damaged, and we could become subject to litigation. If any of these events happen, current and future revenues could suffer, and
our database technology operating margins may decrease. In addition, negative publicity about or experiences with MercadoPago customer support could cause MercadoLibres reputation to suffer or affect consumer confidence in the MercadoLibre
brand.  If our goodwill becomes impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
 As of December 31, 2011, we have recorded goodwill for approximately 17.4% of our consolidated
assets. Under United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (US GAAP), we review our goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, future cash flows, and slower growth rates in
our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill is determined, resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
We may not realize benefits from recent or future strategic acquisitions of businesses, technologies, services or products despite
their costs in cash and dilution to our stockholders.  We intend to continue to acquire businesses,
technologies, services or products, as we have done in the past with our acquisitions of iBazar, Lokau, DeRemate, CMG and AutoPlaza, which we believe are strategic if an appropriate opportunity presents itself. We may not, however, be able to
identify, negotiate or finance such future acquisitions successfully or at favorable valuations, or to effectively integrate these acquisitions with our current business. The process of integrating an acquired business, technology, service or
product into our business may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Moreover, future acquisitions may also generate unforeseen pressures and/or strains on our organizational culture. 
   23 







 Additionally, acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of
equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any
future acquisitions of other businesses, technologies, services or products might require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which might not be available on favorable terms, or at all. If debt financing for potential future
acquisitions is unavailable, we may determine to issue shares of our common stock in connection with such an acquisition and any such issuance could result in the dilution of our common stock. 
We are subject to seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations. 
We believe that our results of operations are somewhat seasonal in nature (as is the case with traditional retailers),
with relatively fewer listings and transactions in the first quarters of the year, and increased activity as the year-end shopping season initiates. This seasonality is the result of fewer listings after the Christmas and other holidays and summer
vacation periods in our Southern hemisphere markets. To some degree, our historical rapid growth may have overshadowed seasonal or cyclical factors that might have influenced our business to date. Seasonal or cyclical variations in our operations
could become more pronounced over time, which could materially adversely affect our quarter to quarter results of operations in the future.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We operate in a highly competitive and evolving market, and therefore face potential reductions in the use of our service. 
The market for trading over the Internet is relatively new in Latin America, rapidly evolving and intensely competitive,
and we expect competition to become more intense in the future. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and current offline and new competitors, including small businesses who want to create and promote their own stores or platforms, can easily launch
new sites at relatively low cost using software that is commercially available. We currently or potentially compete with a number of other companies.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our direct competitors include various online sales and auction services, including MasOportunidades.com in Argentina, and a number of other small services, including those that serve specialty markets.
We also compete with business-to-consumer online e-commerce services, such as pure play Internet retailer Submarino (a website of B2W Inc), and a growing number of bricks and mortar retailers who have launched on line offerings such as Americanas (a
website of B2W Inc), Casas Bahia and Falabella, OLX, QueBarato and with shopping comparison sites located throughout Latin America such as Buscape and Bondfaro, located throughout Latin America. In addition, we compete with online communities that
specialize in classified advertisements. Although no regional competitor exists in the classified market, local players such as Webmotors, VivaStreet and Zap have important positions in certain markets. 
We face competition from a number of large online communities and services that have expertise in developing online
commerce and facilitating online interaction. Certain of these competitors, including Google, Amazon.com, Microsoft and Yahoo! currently offer a variety of business-to-consumer commerce services, searching services and classified advertising
services, and certain of these companies may introduce broader online commerce to their large user populations. Other large companies with strong brand recognition and experience in online commerce, such as large newspaper or media companies also
compete in the online listing market. Companies with experience in online commerce, such as Amazon, may also seek to compete in the online listing market in Latin America. We also compete with traditional brick-and-mortar retailers to the extent
buyers choose to purchase products in a physical establishment as opposed to on our platform. In connection with our payment solution, our direct competitors include international online payments services such as Paypal and Google Checkout, and
local online payment services such as DineroMail in Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Mexico, and Pagamento Digital and PagSeguro in Brazil; money remitters such as Western Union. Any or all of these companies could create competitive pressures, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  In
addition, if certain websites stop linking or containing links in their properties that send us traffic across the internet in the future, our gross merchandise volume could substantially decrease and we could suffer a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.  We no longer have a non-competition arrangement with
eBay. If eBay were to compete directly with us by launching a competing platform in Latin America, it would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and prospects. Similarly, eBay or other larger, well-established and
well-financed companies may acquire, invest in or enter into other commercial relationships with competing online commerce services. Therefore, some of our competitors and potential competitors may be able to devote greater resources to marketing
and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote substantially more resources to web site and systems development than us, which could adversely affect us. 
In many cases, companies that directly or indirectly compete with us provide Internet access. These competitors include
incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies and large Internet service providers. Some of these providers may take measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of customers use of our services.
For example, they could restrict or prohibit the use of their lines for our services, filter, block or delay the packets containing the data associated with our products, charge increased fees to us or our users for use of their lines to provide our
services, or seek to charge us for our customers use of our services or receipt of our e-mails. These activities are technically feasible. Although we have not identified any providers who intend to take these actions, any interference with
our services or higher charges for access to the Internet, could cause us to lose existing users, impair our ability to attract new users, limit our potential expansion and harm our revenue and growth. 
   24 







 Risks related to doing business in Latin America 
Political and economic conditions in Venezuela may have an adverse impact on our operations. 
We conduct significant operations in Venezuela, offering both our MercadoLibre Marketplace and MercadoPago online
payments solution, and have 139 employees who work in the country. For the year ended December 31, 2011, our Venezuelan net revenues represented 11.6% of our consolidated net revenues. The political and economic conditions in Venezuela are very
unstable, and we cannot predict the impact of any future political and economic events on our business. We cannot predict the economic and regulatory impact of President Ch&aacute;vezs initiatives, or whether the Venezuelan government will
extend nationalization to e-commerce or other businesses that could impact our business and results of operations. Nationalization of telecommunications, electrical or other companies could reduce our or our customers access to our web site or
our services or increase the costs of providing or accessing our services. Certain political events have also resulted in significant civil unrest in the country. Continuation or worsening of the political and economic conditions in Venezuela could
materially and adversely impact our future business, financial condition and results of operations.  Venezuela
has suffered severe electricity shortages that prompted the Venezuelan government to declare an energy emergency. This situation could impact the operation of our automobile classifieds points of sale in Venezuela as well as our Venezuelan
users ability to access the Internet, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our business.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In addition, the Venezuelan government has imposed foreign exchange and price controls on the local currency. These foreign exchange controls increase our costs to, and also limit our ability to, convert
local currency into U.S. dollars and transfer funds out of Venezuela, and may have an adverse effect on our Venezuelan customers. We cannot predict the long-term effects of exchange controls on our ability to process payments from Venezuelan
customers or on the Venezuelan economy in general.  Venezuela had an official exchange rate which was 2.15
Bolivares Fuertes per U.S. dollar as of December 31, 2009, and a parallel exchange rate that was 6.05 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar at December 31, 2009. On January 8, 2010, the Venezuelan government
announced that the fixed official rate of 2.15 Bolivares Fuertes per US would be changed to a dual system that included a rate of 2.6 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar for food and heavy machine importers and a rate of 4.3
Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar for all others.  In 2009, we requested U.S. dollars at the
official exchange rate for the first time for dividend distributions, through a process that included obtaining approval from the Venezuelan Commission of Foreign Exchange Administration (CADIVI). We cannot predict if we will obtain
approval of the CADIVI to distribute dividends using the official Venezuelan exchange rate, and the future impact in our financial condition. Starting in the fourth quarter of 2009, as a result of the changes in facts and circumstances that affected
the Companys ability to convert currency for dividends remittances using the official exchange rate in Venezuela, our Venezuelan subsidiaries assets, liabilities, income and expense accounts were translated using the parallel exchange rate.
 Until May 13, 2010, the only way by which US dollars could be purchased outside the official currency
market was using an indirect mechanism consisting in the purchase and sale of securities, including national public debt bonds (DPNs) denominated in Bolivares Fuertes and bonds issued by the government that were denominated in U.S. dollars. This
mechanism for transactions in certain securities created an indirect parallel foreign currency exchange market in Venezuela that enabled entities to obtain foreign currency through financial brokers without going through CADIVI. Although
the parallel exchange rate was higher, and accordingly less beneficial, than the official exchange rate, some entities used the parallel market to exchange currency because, as it was already mentioned, CADIVI used not to approve in a
timely manner the exchange of currency requested by such entities. Until May 13, 2010, our Venezuelan subsidiaries used this mechanism to buy US dollars and accordingly we used the parallel average exchange rate to re-measure those foreign
currency transactions.  However, on May 14th, 2010, the Venezuelan government enacted reforms to its
exchange regulations and closed down the parallel market by declaring that foreign-currency-denominated securities issued by Venezuelan entities were included in the definition of foreign currency, thus making the Venezuelan Central Bank
(BCV) the only institution that could legally authorize the purchase or sale of foreign currency bonds, thereby excluding non-authorized brokers from the foreign exchange market. 
Trading of foreign currencies was re-opened as a regulated market on June 9, 2010 with the BCV as the only
institution through which foreign currency-denominated transactions can be brokered. Under the new system, known as the Foreign Currency Securities Transactions System (SITME), entities domiciled in Venezuela can buy U.S. dollardenominated
securities only through banks authorized by the BCV to import goods, services or capital inputs. Additionally, the SITME imposes volume restrictions on an entitys trading activity, limiting such activity to a maximum equivalent of $50,000 per
day, not to exceed $350,000 in a calendar month. This limitation is non-cumulative, meaning that an entity cannot carry over unused volume from one month to the next. 
As a consequence of this new system, commencing on June 9, 2010, we transitioned from the parallel exchange rate to
the SITME rate and started re-measuring foreign currency transactions using the SITME rate published by BCV, which was 5.27 Bolivares Fuertes per U.S. dollar as of June 9, 2010. 
For the period beginning on May 14, 2010 and ending on June 8, 2010 (during which there was no open foreign
currency markets) we applied US GAAP guidelines, which state that if exchangeability between two currencies is temporarily lacking at the transaction date or balance sheet date, the first subsequent rate at which exchanges could be made shall
be used. 
   25 







 Accordingly, the June 9, 2010 exchange rate published by the Venezuelan
Central Bank has been used to re-measure transactions during the abovementioned period.  In addition, due to
unstable political and economic conditions in Venezuela, the official and parallel exchange rates could continue to devalue significantly. Strong devaluations or changes in accounting rules could impact our results materially and we may have to
recognize losses in the future.  For accounting purposes, Venezuela was designated as a highly inflationary
economy beginning January 1, 2010 because the three-year cumulative blended inflation rate exceeded 100%. For this reason, as from that date, we are required to account for the operations of our Venezuelan subsidiaries using the functional
currency of MercadoLibre, Inc., which is the U.S. dollar, rather than the Bolivar Fuerte as the functional currency. As a consequence, we may experience a decrease in terms of U.S. dollars of our Venezuela revenues and expenses, which
would have an adverse impact on our reported results of operations in U.S. dollars.  The devaluation of the
Venezuelan currency, the highly inflationary status and the government price control could have a material adverse effect on the countrys economy and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We face the risk of political and economic crises, instability, terrorism, civil strife, expropriation and other risks of doing
business in emerging markets.  We conduct our operations in emerging market countries in Latin
America. Economic and political developments in these countries, including future economic changes or crises (such as inflation, currency devaluation or recession), government deadlock, political instability, terrorism, civil strife, changes in laws
and regulations, expropriation or nationalization of property, and exchange controls could impact our operations or the market value of our common stock and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.  In the past, the performance of the economies of Latin American countries has been affected by
each countrys political situation. For example, during its crisis in 2001 and 2002, Argentina experienced social and political turmoil, including civil unrest, riots, looting, protests, strikes and street demonstrations which have resulted in
significant changes in its general economic policies and regulations. More recently, the Venezuelan and Bolivian administrations have nationalized or announced plans to nationalize certain industries and expropriate certain companies and property,
and, in Venezuela, as described above, the administration has imposed exchange controls.  Although economic
conditions in one country may differ significantly from another country, we cannot assure that events in one country alone will not adversely affect the market value of, or market for, our common stock. 
Concerns regarding a downgrade of the U.S. credit rating and the sovereign debt crisis in Europe could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and liquidity.  On August 5, 2011, Standard &
Poors lowered its long term sovereign credit rating on the United States of America from AAA to AA. While U.S. lawmakers reached agreement to raise the federal debt ceiling on August 2, 2011, the downgrade reflected
Standard & Poors view that the fiscal consolidation plan within that agreement fell short of what would be necessary to stabilize the U.S. governments medium term debt dynamics. Further downgrades, or downgrades initiated by
other rating agencies, could have material adverse impacts on financial markets and economic conditions in the United States and throughout the world and, in turn, the markets anticipation of these impacts could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and liquidity. In particular, it could disrupt payment systems, money markets, long-term or short-term fixed income markets, foreign exchange markets, commodities markets and equity markets and adversely affect
the cost and availability of funding and certain impacts, such as increased spreads in money market and other short term rates, have been experienced already. Because of the unprecedented nature of negative credit rating actions with respect to U.S.
government obligations, the ultimate impacts on global markets and our business, financial condition and liquidity are unpredictable and may not be immediately apparent. 
In addition, global markets and economic conditions have been negatively impacted by the ability of certain European
Union (EU) member states to service their sovereign debt obligations. The continued uncertainty over the outcome of the EU governments financial support programs and the possibility that other EU member states may experience
similar financial troubles could further disrupt global markets. In particular, it has and could in the future disrupt equity markets and result in volatile bond yields on the sovereign debt of EU members. These factors could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and liquidity.  Latin American governments have exercised and continue to exercise
significant influence over the economies of the countries where we operate. This involvement, as well as political and economic conditions, could adversely affect our business. 
Governments in Latin America frequently intervene in the economies of their respective countries and occasionally make
significant changes in policy and regulations. Governmental actions to control inflation and other policies and regulations have often involved, among other measures, price controls, currency devaluations, capital controls and limits on imports. Our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by changes in government policies or regulations, including such factors as: exchange rates and exchange control policies; inflation rates; interest rates;
tariff and inflation control policies; price control policies, import duties on information technology equipment; liquidity of domestic capital 
   26 







 and lending markets; electricity rationing; tax policies, including royalty, tax increases
and retroactive tax claims; and other political, diplomatic, social and economic developments in or affecting the countries where we operate. An eventual reduction of foreign investment in any of the countries where we operate may have a negative
impact on such countrys economy, affecting interest rates and the ability of companies such as ourselves to access financial markets. In addition, our employees in Brazil and some of our employees in Argentina are currently represented by a
labor union and employees in other Latin American countries may eventually become unionized. We may incur increased payroll costs and reduced flexibility under labor regulations if unionization in other countries were to occur, any of which may
negatively impact our business.  Latin America, including Argentina, has experienced adverse economic conditions.
 Latin American countries have historically experienced uneven periods of economic growth, as well as
recession, periods of high inflation and economic instability. Currently, as a consequence of adverse economic conditions in global markets and diminishing commodity prices, many of the economies of Latin American countries have slowed their rates
of growth, and some have entered mild recessions. The duration and severity of this slowdown is hard to predict and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, certain countries have experienced
severe economic crises, which may still have future effects. For example, in 2001 Argentina defaulted on its sovereign debt due to severe economic turmoil. In the first half of 2005, Argentina restructured part of this sovereign debt. Certain
creditors did not agree to the restructuring. Argentinas past default and its failure to restructure completely its remaining sovereign debt and fully negotiate with the holdout creditors may prevent Argentina from obtaining favorable terms or
interest rates when accessing the international capital markets. Litigation initiated by holdout creditors or other parties may result in material judgments against the Argentine government and could result in attachments of or injunctions relating
to assets of Argentina that the government intended for other uses. As a result, the government may not have the financial resources necessary to implement reforms and foster growth, which could have a material adverse effect on the countrys
economy.  In addition, as a result of this economic instability, the Argentine peso has been subject to
significant devaluation in the past and may be subject to significant fluctuations in the future. In August 2008, Standard & Poors Inc. downgraded Argentinas foreign debt rating based upon renewed concerns regarding
economic conditions and rising fears of increased inflationary pressures. Such economic turmoil has given rise to significant uncertainties about Argentinas economic and political future. It is currently unclear whether the economic and
political instability experienced over the past several years will continue and it is possible, that despite recent economic growth, Argentina may return to a deeper recession, higher inflation and unemployment and greater social unrest. We conduct
significant operations in Argentina, offering both our MercadoLibre Marketplace and MercadoPago online payments solution in Argentina and have our corporate headquarters in that country. Argentina is our third leading revenue producing country. As a
result, our business is to a very large extent dependent upon the economic conditions prevalent in Argentina and adverse economic conditions in that country, as well as any other Latin American country in which we operate, could have a material
adverse affect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Local currencies used in the conduct of
our business are subject to depreciation, volatility and exchange controls.  The currencies of many
countries in Latin America, including Brazil, Argentina, Mexico and Venezuela, which together accounted for 94.0% of our revenues for 2009, 93.5% for 2010 and 93.6% of our revenues for 2011, have experienced volatility in the past, particularly
against the U.S. dollar. Currency movements, as well as higher interest rates, have materially and adversely affected the economies of many Latin American countries, including countries which account or are expected to account for a significant
portion of our revenues. The depreciation of local currencies creates inflationary pressures that may have an adverse effect on us and generally restricts access to the international capital markets. For example, the devaluation of the Argentine
peso has had a negative impact on the ability of Argentine businesses to honor their foreign currency denominated debt, led to very high inflation initially, significantly reduced real wages, had a negative impact on businesses whose success is
dependent on domestic market demand, and adversely affected the governments ability to honor its foreign debt obligations. On the other hand, the appreciation of local currencies against the U.S. dollar may lead to the deterioration of public
accounts and the balance of payments of the countries where we operate, and may reduce export growth in those countries.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We may be subject to exchange control regulations which might restrict our ability to convert local currencies into U.S. dollars. For example, in 2001 and 2002, Argentina imposed exchange controls and
transfer restrictions substantially limiting the ability of companies to retain foreign currency or make payments abroad. During 2011 and in the first two month of 2012, Ministry of Economy and Argentine Central Bank implemented controls and
transfer restrictions substantially limiting the ability of companies to buy dollars or make payments abroad. In addition, Brazilian law provides that whenever there is a serious imbalance in Brazils balance of payments or reason to foresee a
serious imbalance, the Brazilian government may impose temporary restrictions on the remittance to foreign investors of the proceeds of their investments in Brazil. Currently, Venezuela has exchange control regulations in place that restrict our
ability to convert local currency into U.S. dollars. In addition, in May 2010, the Venezuelan government imposed additional foreign exchange controls under a newly implemented regulatory system controlled by the Central Bank of Venezuela. Among
other things, the new exchange rate system prohibits trading of foreign currencies through parallel market transactions, sets a standard exchange rate, imposes volume restrictions on a Venezuelan entitys ability to purchase U.S.
dollar-denominated securities and imposes strict criminal and economic sanctions on the use of methods other than those officially designated for the exchange of Venezuelan currency with other currencies. These new regulations will limit our
Venezuelan subsidiaries access to U.S. dollars. In addition, if current volume restrictions on foreign exchange imposed by the government worsen significantly or new regulations are implemented which impact our ability to settle transactions
at either the official rates or SITME rate, we could be required to deconsolidate our Venezuelan operations for accounting purposes, which would reduce our consolidated net revenues, consolidated income from operations and other income statement
lines, except for net income and earnings per share. 
   27 







 Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar but our revenues are paid in foreign
currencies. Therefore, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to these foreign currencies (i.e. the foreign currencies devaluate against the U.S. dollar), the economic value of our revenues in U.S. dollar terms will decline. 
We are subject to increased risks relating to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Because we conduct our
business outside the United States and receive almost all of our revenues in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, but report our results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates. The currencies of certain
countries where we operate, including most notably Brazil, Argentina, Mexico and Venezuela, have historically experienced significant devaluations. The results of operations in the countries where we operate are exposed to foreign exchange rate
fluctuations as the financial results of the applicable subsidiaries are translated from the local currency into U.S. dollars upon consolidation. If the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, as occurred in previous years, the translation
of these foreign-currency-denominated transactions will result in increased net revenues, operating expenses, and net income. Similarly, our net revenues, operating expenses, and net income will decrease if the U.S. dollar strengthens against the
foreign currencies of countries in which we operate. For the year ended December 31, 2011, 55.5% of our revenues were denominated in Brazilian Reais, 19.0% in Argentine Pesos, 11.6% in Venezuelan Bolivares Fuertes, and
7.5% in Mexican Pesos. The foreign currency exchange rates for the full year 2011 relative to 2010 resulted in higher net revenues of approximately $7.1 million and an increase in aggregate cost of net revenues and operating
expenses of approximately $5.1 million. The foreign currency exchange rates for the full year 2010 relative to 2009 resulted in lower net revenues of approximately $10.2 million and a decrease in aggregate cost of net revenues and
operating expenses of approximately $4.8 million. The foreign currency exchange rates for the full year 2009 relative to 2008 resulted in lower net revenues of approximately $22.5 million and a decrease in aggregate cost of net revenues
and operating expenses of approximately $15.5 million. The abovementioned foreign currency exchange rate effect includes the Venezuelan translation effect discussed in Item 7 Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  Critical accounting policies and estimates  Foreign Currency Translation. While we have entered in the past into transactions to hedge portions of our foreign currency translation exposure,
these are expensive, and in addition it is very difficult to perfectly predict or completely eliminate the effects of this exposure.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Inflation and certain government measures to curb inflation may have adverse effects on the economies of the countries where we operate, our business and our operations. 
Most Latin American countries have historically experienced high rates of inflation. Inflation and some measures
implemented to curb inflation have had significant negative effects on the economies of Latin American countries. Governmental actions taken in an effort to curb inflation, coupled with speculation about possible future actions, have contributed to
economic uncertainty over the years in most Latin American countries. The Latin American countries where we operate may experience high levels of inflation in the future that could lead to further government intervention in the economy, including
the introduction of government policies that could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if any of these countries experience high rates of inflation, particularly in Venezuela, which recently was determined to be highly
inflationary, we may not be able to adjust the price of our services sufficiently to offset the effects of inflation on our cost structures. A return to a high inflation environment would also have negative effects on the level of economic activity
and employment and adversely affect our business and results of operations.  Developments in other markets may affect
the Latin American countries where we operate, our financial condition and results of operations.  The
market value of securities of companies such as ourselves, may be, to varying degrees, affected by economic and market conditions in other global markets. Although economic conditions vary from country to country, investors perceptions of the
events occurring in one country may substantially affect capital flows into and securities from issuers in other countries, including Latin American countries. Various Latin American economies have been adversely impacted by the political and
economic events that occurred in several emerging economies in recent times, including Mexico in 1994, the collapse of several Asian economies between 1997 and 1998, the economic crisis in Russia in 1998, the Brazilian devaluations in January of
1999 and in 2002, the Argentine crisis of 2001 and the market decline after September 11, 2001. Furthermore, Latin American economies may be affected by events in developed economies which are trading partners or that impact the global economy.
 Developments of a similar magnitude to the international markets in the future can be expected to adversely
affect the economies of Latin American countries and therefore us.  E-commerce transactions in Latin America may be
impeded by the lack of secure payment methods.  Unlike in the United States, consumers and merchants
in Latin America can be held fully liable for credit card and other losses due to third-party fraud. As secure methods of payment for e-commerce transactions have not been widely adopted in Latin America, both consumers and merchants generally have
a relatively low confidence level in the integrity of e-commerce transactions. In addition, many banks and other financial institutions have generally been reluctant to give merchants the right to process online transactions due to these concerns
about credit card fraud. Unless consumer fraud laws in Latin American countries are modified to protect e-commerce merchants and consumers, and until secure, integrated online payment processing methods are fully implemented across the region, our
ability to generate revenues from e-commerce may be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our company. 
   28 







 Risks related to our shares  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The price of our shares of common stock may fluctuate substantially, and our stockholders investment may decline in value. 
The trading price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to
factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those described above under Risks related to our business.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Further, the stock markets in general, and the Nasdaq Global Market and the market for Internet-related and technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that
have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. We cannot assure you that trading prices and valuations will be sustained. These broad market and industry factors may materially and adversely affect the
market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Market fluctuations, as well as general political and economic conditions in the countries where we operate, such as recession or currency exchange rate fluctuations, may
also adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a companys securities, that company is often subject to securities class-action litigation. This kind of litigation
could result in substantial costs and a diversion of managements attention and resources, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the market price of our common
stock may fluctuate in connection with the declaration and payment of quarterly or special dividends on our common stock. 
We continue to be significantly influenced by a group of stockholders that control a significant percentage of our common stock and
the value of our common stock could be negatively affected by any significant disposition of our shares by any of these stockholders.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Certain stockholders own a significant percentage of our common stock. As of December 31, 2011, eBay owned approximately 8.1 million shares of our common stock (which represents 18.4% of our
outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2011). Certain members and certain entities affiliated with members of our management also hold a significant percentage of our common stock. These stockholders retain the power to influence the
outcome of important corporate decisions or matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. The interests of these stockholders may conflict with, or differ from, the interests of other holders of our common stock. For example, these stockholders
could cause us to make acquisitions that increase the amount of our indebtedness or outstanding shares of common stock, sell revenue-generating assets or inhibit change of control transactions that benefit other stockholders. They may also pursue
acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So long as these stockholders continue to own a substantial number of shares of our common stock, they
will significantly influence all our corporate decisions and together with other stockholders may be able to effect or inhibit changes in control of our company. 
Additionally, the actual sale, communication of an intention to sell or perceptions that any of the above mentioned
stockholders may sell any significant amount of our common stock could negatively impact the market value of our common stock. 
Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law could inhibit others from acquiring us, prevent a change of
control, and may prevent efforts by our stockholders to change our management.  Certain provisions of
our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may inhibit a change of control that our board of directors does not approve or changes in the composition of our board of directors, which could result in the entrenchment of current management.
 These provisions include:   


 

 
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations; 
 


 

 
 a staggered board of directors;   


 

 
 limitations on the ability of stockholders to remove directors other than for cause; 
 


 

 
 limitations on the ability of stockholders to own and/or exercise voting power over 20% of our common stock; 
 


 

 
 limitations on the ability of stockholders to amend, alter or repeal our by-laws; 
 


 

 
 the inability of stockholders to act by written consent; 
 


 

 
 the authority of the board of directors to adopt a stockholder rights plan; 
 


 

 
 the authority of the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock with any terms that the board of directors
determines and additional shares of our common stock; and 
   29 










 

 
 limitations on the ability of certain stockholders to enter into certain business combinations with us, as provided under Section 203 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law.  These provisions of our certificate of incorporation
and by-laws may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. See Description of capital stock for more information. 
We may require additional capital in the future, and this additional capital may not be available on acceptable terms or at all.
 We may need to raise additional funds in order to fund more rapid expansion (organically or through
strategic acquisitions), to develop new or enhanced services or products, to respond to competitive pressures or to acquire complementary products, businesses or technologies. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or
convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, stockholders may experience additional dilution and the securities that we issue may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common
stock. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to fund our expansion, take advantage of unanticipated acquisition
opportunities, develop or enhance services or products or respond to competitive pressures. These inabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Shares eligible for future sale may cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing
well.  The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of
shares of our common stock in the market in the future or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a
time and at a price that we deem appropriate.  Certain stockholders or entities controlled by them or their
permitted transferees beneficially own shares of our common stock that have not been registered for resale with the SEC. The holders of these restricted shares may sell their shares in the public market from time to time without registering them,
subject in the case of our affiliates, to certain limitations on the timing, amount and method of those sales imposed by regulations promulgated by the SEC. Holders of restricted stock will also have the right to cause us to register the resale of
shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.  In the future, we may issue securities in connection with
investments and acquisitions. The amount of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then outstanding common stock. 
Our stockholders may not receive dividends or dividends may not grow over time. 
During 2011, the Company paid quarterly dividends on shares of our common stock throughout the year. Despite the Company
announced its intention to pay regular quarterly dividends on shares of our common stock in the future, we have not established a minimum dividend payment level and our ability to pay dividends in the future may be adversely affected by a number of
factors, including the risk factors described herein. All dividends will be declared at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant
from time to time. Our board is under no obligation or requirement to declare a dividend. We cannot assure you that we will achieve results that will allow us to pay a specified level of dividends, if any, or to grow our dividends over time.
 Requirements associated with being a public company require significant company resources and management attention.
 In connection with our initial public offering, we became subject to the periodic reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and the other rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Market. We are also subject to various other regulatory requirements, including the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we have a material weakness or
significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. As a result, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial
reporting, which could harm the trading price of our stock. In addition, in connection with our initial public offering in August 2007, we became subject to the rules of the Nasdaq Global Market. Our compliance with these rules and regulations
has increased our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly.  It may
be difficult to enforce judgments against us in U.S. courts.  Although we are a Delaware corporation,
our subsidiaries and most of our assets are located outside of the United States. Furthermore, most of our directors and officers and some experts named in this report reside outside the United States. As a result, you may not be able to enforce
judgments against us or our directors or officers in U.S. courts judgments based on the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws. It is unclear if original actions of civil liabilities based solely upon U.S. federal securities laws
are enforceable in courts outside the United States. It is equally unclear if judgments entered by U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws are enforceable in courts outside the United States. Any
enforcement action in a court outside the United States will be subject to compliance with procedural requirements under applicable local law, including the condition that the judgment does not violate the public policy of the applicable
jurisdiction. 
   30 







 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
Not applicable. 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our principal administrative, marketing and product development facilities are located in our offices in Bogot&aacute;, Colombia; Buenos Aires, Argentina; Santana do Parna&iacute;ba, Brazil; Caracas,
Venezuela; Mexico City, Mexico; Zona America, Uruguay and Palo Alto, California (USA). In 2012 we will open new offices in Aguada Park, Uruguay. Currently, all of our offices are occupied under lease agreements, except for our Argentine and
Venezuelan offices. The leases for our facilities provide for renewal options, except for the lease of our offices in California (USA). After expiration of these leases, we can renegotiate the leases with our current landlords, or move to another
location. From time to time we consider various alternatives related to our long-term facility needs. While we believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs, it may become necessary to lease or acquire additional or
alternative space to accommodate any future growth. The following table shows the location of our offices and centers, and the expiration date of the leases under which they operate. 
   31 







  






September 30,

September 30,


September 30,


September 30,

 City and Country
 
 Facility
 
 Address
 
ApproximateSquare<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">Meters
 
 
LeaseExpiration<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">Date









 Bogot&aacute;, Colombia
 
TuCarro Colombia operation
 
Transversal 23 N&ordm; 97-73, Piso 4&deg;, Oficina 405, Bogot&aacute; D.C., Colombia
 
 
622
  
 
January 2014







 Bogot&aacute;, Colombia
 
Colombia operation
 
Transversal 23 N&ordm; 97-73 Oficina 405, piso 4&deg;, Bogot&aacute; D.C., Colombia
 
 
622
1 
 
January 2014







 Buenos Aires, Argentina
 
Corporate headquarters, Argentina operation & Customer service center
 
Arias 3751 pisos 5&deg;, 6&deg;, 7&deg;, 8&deg;, 9&deg;, Buenos Aires, 1430Argentina
 
 
5,340

1 
 
N/A







 Buenos Aires, Argentina
 
Customer service center
 
Av. Costanera Rafael Obligado y Geronimo Salguero, Buenos Aires, Argentina
 
 
1,842
1 
 
January 2012







 Caracas, Venezuela
 
Venezuela operation
 
Planta 6 (nivel 8) Edificio Torre La Castellana, Avenida Eugenio Mendoza y Jos&eacute; &Aacute;ngel Lamas, Urbanizaci&oacute;n La Castellana, Municipio Chacao del Estado Bolivariano
de Miranda
 
 
992
  
 
N/A







 Lithia Springs, Georgia, U.S.A.
 
SAVVIS Data Center
 
375 Riverside Parkway Lithia Springs, Georgia 30122,
 
 
3.0
  
 
November 2012







 Mexico City, Mexico
 
Mexico operation
 
F&eacute;lix Cuevas No. 6 Int. 501 Col. Tlacoquemecatl del Valle, Delegaci&oacute;n Benito Juarez, CP 03200 Mexico DF., Mexico
 
 
562
1 
 
May 2016







 Sterling, Virginia, U.S.A.
 
SAVVIS Data Center
 
45901 Nokes Blvd. Sterling, Virginia 20166
 
 
179
  
 
November 2012







 San Luis, Argentina
 
Technology Development center
 
Av. Universitaria s/n, Ciudad de la Punta, San Luis, Argentina
 
 
207
2 
 
No End Date







 Santana do Parna&iacute;ba, Brazil
 
Brazilian Subsidiary main office  Customer service center
 
Avenida Marte, 489  Andar T&eacute;rreo, 1&deg;, 2&deg; andar  Partes A e B Cep 06541-005  Santana de Parna&iacute;ba, S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil
 
 
4,090
1 
 
July 2014







 Zona America, Uruguay
 
Uruguay Staff
 
Ruta 8, km 17.5 Edificio 200, local 208-07 Zona America, Uruguay
 
 
37
2 
 
December 2012







 Sterling, Virginia, U.S.A.
 
SAVVIS Data Center
 
21110 Ridgetop Circle Sterling, Virginia
 
 
53
  
 
November 2012







 Aguada Park, Uruguay
 
Uruguay operation. Customer service center
 
Edificio 1, Zona Franca, Piso 20, Oficina 2001, Aguada Park, Montevideo, Uruguay
 
 
836
  
 
2022







 Palo Alto, California, U.S.A.
 
Research and development center
 
364 University Ave., 2nd floor, Palo Alto, California, U.S.A.
 
 
59
  
 
July 2012







 Mexico City, Mexico
 
Autoplaza operation
 
Juan Salvador Agraz N&deg;50 piso 3 Col. Santa Fe, Deleg. Cuajimalpa de Morelos, CP 05300 M&eacute;xico D.F.
 
 
200
1 
 
September 2012
  


1
 This surface includes the area of the office leased and parking spaces. 


2
 This surface corresponds to the area of the office leased. It does not include any parking spaces. 
   32 







 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
From time to time, we are involved in disputes that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The number and
significance of these disputes is increasing as our business expands and our company grows. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, may be time consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of management time, result
in the diversion of significant operational resources and require expensive implementations of changes to our business methods to respond to these claims. See Item 1ARisk Factors for additional discussion of the litigation and
regulatory risks facing our company.  As of December 31, 2011, our total reserves for proceeding-related
contingencies were approximately $1.8 million to cover legal actions against the Company where we have determined that a loss is probable. We do not reserve for losses we determine to be possible or remote. 
As of December 31, 2011, there were 398 lawsuits pending against our Brazilian subsidiary in the Brazilian ordinary
courts. In addition, as of December 31, 2011, there were more than 1,983 lawsuits pending against our Brazilian subsidiary in the Brazilian consumer courts, where a lawyer is not required to file or pursue a claim. In most of these cases, the
plaintiffs asserted that we were responsible for fraud committed against them, or responsible for damages suffered when purchasing an item on our website, when using MercadoPago, or when we invoiced them. We believe we have meritorious defenses to
these claims and intend to continue defending them.  Set forth below is a description of the legal proceedings
that we have determined to be material to our business. We have excluded ordinary routine legal proceedings incidental to our business. In each of these proceedings we also believe we have meritorious defenses, and intend to continue defending these
actions. We have established a reserve for those proceedings which we have considered that a loss is probable.  Litigation 
On November 5, 2003, Editora COC Empreendimentos Culturais Ltda., or Editora COC, sued the Companys Brazilian
subsidiary in the 3rd Civil Court of the County of Bauru, State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil. Editora COC alleged that the Brazilian subsidiary and an identified user were both infringing Editora COCs trademarks as a result of the users
selling allegedly pirated copies of Editoras COC CD-ROMs through the Brazilian page of the website, based on Brazilian Industrial Property Law (Law 9,279/96) and the Brazilian Copyright Law (Law 9,610/98). Editora COC sought an order for the
search and seizure of products held by the user and enjoining the sale of Editora COC-branded products on MercadoLibres platform. An injunction was granted to prohibit the offer of Editora COCs products on the Companys platform. On
September 8, 2005, the court ruled against the Company and held that it had to pay $3,000 and its co-defendant had to pay $900 in moral damages, plus an amount of material damages to be defined at judgment execution, plus attorneys fees
in the amount of 10% of the total damages paid by each defendant. On January 13, 2006 the Company appealed the ruling to the relevant court of appeals. On November, 18, 2010, the appeal was denied by the court of appeals. On December 3,
2010, the Company filed an appeal with the Superior Court of Appeals, which was also denied. The enforcement of decision is still pending due to certain documents to be presented by Plaintiff. 
On March 17, 2006, Vintage Denim Ltda., or Vintage, sued the Companys Brazilian subsidiaries MercadoLivre.com Atividades de
Internet Ltda. and eBazar.com.br Ltda. in the 29th Civil Court of the County of S&atilde;o Paulo, State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil. Vintage requested a preliminary injunction alleging that these subsidiaries were infringing Diesel trademarks and
their right of exclusive distribution as a result of sellers listing allegedly counterfeit and original imported Diesel branded clothing through the Brazilian page of the Companys website, based on Brazilian Industrial Property Law (Law
9,279/96). Vintage sought an order enjoining the sale of Diesel-branded clothing on the Companys platform. A preliminary injunction was granted on April 11, 2006 to prohibit the offer of Diesel-branded products, and a fine for
non-compliance was imposed in the approximate amount of $5,300 per defendant per day of non-compliance. The Company appealed that fine and obtained its suspension in 2006. Because the appeal of the preliminary injunction failed, in March of 2007,
Vintage presented petitions alleging the Companys non-compliance with the preliminary injunction granted to Vintage and requested a fine of approximately $3.3 million against the Companys subsidiaries, which represents approximately
$5,300 per defendant per day of alleged non-compliance since April 2006. In July 2007, the judge ordered the payment of the fine mandated in the preliminary injunction, without specifying the amount. In September 2007, the judge
decided that (i) the Brazilian subsidiaries were not responsible for alleged infringement of intellectual property rights by its users; and that (ii) the plaintiffs did not prove the alleged infringement of its intellectual property
rights. However, the decision maintained the injunction until such ruling is non-appealable. The plaintiff appealed the judges ruling regarding the subsidiarys non-responsibility and the Company appealed the decision that maintained the
preliminary injunction. On July 26, 2011 the State Court of Appeals of the State of S&atilde;o Paulo confirmed the judges ruling regarding our subsidiarys non-responsibility. The decision on the appeal regarding the decision that
maintained the preliminary injunction is still pending. In the opinion of the Companys legal counsel, as of December 31, 2011, the amount of $213,242 was not reserved since it was considered reasonably possible but not probable.

   33 







 On April 6, 2006, Fallms Distribuic&atilde;o de Fitas Ltda., or Fallms,
and 100% Nacional Distribuidora de Fitas Ltda., or 100% Nacional, sued the Companys Brazilian subsidiary in the Second Civil Court of Santo Amaro, County of S&atilde;o Paulo, State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil. Fallms and 100% Nacional alleged
that the Brazilian subsidiary was infringing their intellectual property rights as a result of users selling unauthorized copies of their copyrighted movies through the Brazilian page of MercadoLibres website and by using their trademark
Brasileirinhas on such copies. Fallms and 100% Nacional sought an order enjoining the sale of Fallms, 100% Nacional and Brasileirinhas branded movies on the platform. An injunction was granted to prohibit the offer of Fallms,
100% Nacional and Brasileirinhas branded movies in the Companys website. In July, 2007, the judge revoked the preliminary injunction. On the same date, the judge decided that (i) the Brazilian subsidiary was not responsible
for alleged infringement of intellectual property rights by its users; and that (ii) the plaintiffs did not prove that (a) they own the trademark Brasileirinhas and copyrights of Brasileirinhas branded movies and
(b) the alleged infringement of intellectual property rights resulted in an effective copyright violation. The plaintiffs have appealed the decision dismissing the case, which appeal is still pending. 
On March 7, 2007, Xuxa Promo&ccedil;&otilde;es e Produ&ccedil;&otilde;es Art&iacute;sticas Ltda., or Xuxa, sued the
Companys Brazilian subsidiary in the Court of Barra da Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro, State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Xuxa, a popular television personality in Brazil, alleged that counterfeit copies of one of her CDs and of a movie with her
participation as an actress (for which she owns the copyright and distribution rights) are being sold on the Companys platform, and as such the Brazilian subsidiary is infringing her intellectual and property rights. Xuxa seeks an injunction,
the establishment of preventive measures, fines, and compensatory and statutory damages. An injunction ordering the removal of any offers of copies of this CD and movie was granted to Xuxa. The Company presented its defense and appealed the
injunction, which appeal is still pending. The lower courts ruling is still pending.  On June 11,
2007, Praetorium Instituto de Ensino, Pesquisas e Atividades de Extenso e Direito Ltda., or Praetorium, sued the Brazilian subsidiary in the Fourth Civil Court of the County of Belo Horizonte, State of Minas Gerais, Brazil. Praetorium alleged
that the Brazilian subsidiary was infringing Praetoriums copyrights as a result of users selling allegedly counterfeit copies of Praetoriums courses through the Brazilian page of the website. Praetorium seeks an injunction, fines, and
compensatory and statutory damages. An injunction ordering the removal of any offers containing the name of Praetorium was granted to Praetorium in July 2007. In addition to the preliminary injunction, a fine of approximately $5,300 per day of
noncompliance was imposed up to a maximum of approximately $131,000 and a fine of approximately $530 was also imposed for each new product posted after July 13, 2007 containing the name of Praetorium and listed in the Brazilian page of
MercadoLibres website. The Company has appealed the decision granting the preliminary injunction, which appeal is still pending.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">On August 23, 2007, Serasa S.A., or Serasa, sued the Companys Brazilian subsidiary in the Sixth Civil Court of Santo Amaro, City of S&atilde;o Paulo, State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil. Serasa,
a company which provides credit-related analysis, information services and data bank and payment habits related to individuals and corporations, alleged that the Brazilian subsidiary should be responsible for the sale by its users of allegedly
unlawful content and unfair uses of its services and Serasas trade name and trademarks. Serasa seeks an injunction, fines, and compensatory damages. On November 5, 2007 a preliminary injunction was granted to Serasa, ordering the
Brazilian subsidiary (a) to remove any content offering: (i) consultation of Serasas database; and (ii) passwords, texts or any material that promises to consult, remove or teach how to remove someone name from Serasas
database; (b) to prohibit on the website any content similar to the aforementioned; and (c) to provide certain personal data of certain users who have offered such products. In addition to the preliminary injunction, a fine of
approximately $5,500 per day of noncompliance was imposed. On December 17, 2007, the Brazilian subsidiary presented the information requested. The Company appealed the preliminary injunction to the State Court of S&atilde;o Paulo and presented
the defense on January 7, 2008. Serasa replied to MercadoLibres appeal on January 30, 2008. On March 26, 2008, the Company was summoned with a petition presented by Serasa alleging non-compliance with the injunction. The Company
presented its response on March 31, 2008, arguing that it is in full compliance with the injunction. On August 26, 2008 the State Court of S&atilde;o Paulo lifted the prohibition to allow in the Brazilian website any content related to
Serasa as established in the injunction but it was not appealed by the plaintiff. On June 5, 2009 the judge declared that the Brazilian subsidiary shall not be held liable for the content posted by its users. Nonetheless, the sentence ordered
the Brazilian subsidiary to remove certain contents related to the plaintiff. Serasa filed a motion for clarification of that decision, which was rejected by the Judge. In July 2009, Serasa presented an appeal to the higher court. In August
2009 the Brazilian subsidiary presented the response to the appeal. The lower courts ruling is still pending.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">On November 23, 2007 Botelho Ind&uacute;stria e Distribui&ccedil;&atilde;o Cinematogr&aacute;fica Ltda., or Botelho, sued the Companys Brazilian subsidiary in the Third Civil Court of the City
of Rio de Janeiro, State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Botelho alleged that the Brazilian subsidiary was infringing its intellectual property rights as a result of users selling unauthorized copies of Botelhos courses through the Brazilian
website. Botelho seeks an injunction, fines, and compensatory and statutory damages, which was not yet analyzed by the judge. In February, 2008, the Company presented arguments to give the judge support and background to analyze the requested
injunction. The Company presented its defense on March 5, 2008. A conciliation and settlement hearing was held on September 29, 2008, but no settlement was reached. A decision of the lower court judge is still pending. 
   34 







 On October 25, 2007, Iglesia Mesianica Mundial Sekai Kyusei Kio en la
Argentina, or Iglesia Mesianica, filed suit against the Companys Argentine subsidiary, MercadoLibre S.A., in the Thirteenth Civil Court of the City of Buenos Aires, Argentina. Iglesia Mesianica alleged in the complaint that the Argentine
subsidiary should be held liable as a result of users selling books that allegedly plagiarized certain Iglesia Mesianicas books through the Argentine page of the Companys website. Iglesia Mesianica seeks monetary damages in the amount of
approximately $95,000. The Company presented its defense in May 2008 and also filed a preliminary objection arguing the lack of jurisdiction of the Civil Court and requested that the case should be heard by a Federal Court instead. Iglesia
Mesianica responded to the preliminary objection and the court rejected it in September 2010. On November 30, 2011 the court decided to begin with the evidence stage, and ordered the production of the parties
evidence. As of the date of this report, according to the opinion of external legal counsel of the Company the risk of loss of this case is remote.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">On February 22, 2008, Nike International Ltd., or Nike, requested a preliminary injunction against the Companys Argentine subsidiary DeRemate.com de Argentina S.A. in the Court on Civil and
Commercial Matters in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Nike alleged that this subsidiary was infringing Nike trademarks as a result of sellers listing allegedly counterfeit Nike branded products through the website www.deremate.com.ar. A preliminary
injunction was granted in February 2008 to suspend the offer of Nike-branded products until sellers could be properly identified. The Company appealed the decision. In November, 2008 the Federal Court of Appeals on Civil and Commercial Matters
lifted the prohibition to allow on the website of this subsidiary any listing related to Nike branded products subject to our requesting certain personal information from users listing those items. On March 25, 2008 Nike sued the Argentine
subsidiary DeRemate.com de Argentina S.A. in the same venue, for the same reasons argued in the request preliminary injunction. The Company presented its defense on September 11, 2009. The courts ruling is still pending. As of the date of
this report, according to the opinion of external legal counsel of the Company the risk of loss in this case is remote.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">On July 25, 2008, Nike International Ltd. or Nike requested a preliminary injunction against the Argentine subsidiary in the First Civil and Commercial Federal Court, Argentina. The Company was
officially notified on August 14, 2008. Nike requested the injunction alleging that this subsidiary was infringing Nike trademarks as a result of sellers listing allegedly counterfeit Nike branded products through the Argentine page of
MercadoLibres website. A preliminary injunction was granted on August 11, 2008 to suspend the offer of Nike-branded products until sellers could be properly identified. The Company appealed the decision on August 22, 2008. On
March 23, 2009 the Federal Court of Appeals on Civil and Commercial Matters, lifted the prohibition to allow in the Argentine website any listing related to Nike branded products subject to our requesting certain personal information from users
willing to list those items. On May 22, 2009, the Company was summoned about a lawsuit file by Nike against the Argentine subsidiary in the same venue, for the same reasons argued in the request preliminary injunction. On May 27, 2009 the
Company presented a preliminary objection requesting that Nike deposit as a security bond for costs. The court established that a bond for costs of approximately $3,500 should be deposited by Nike and both parties appealed this amount which was
confirmed by the same Federal Court of Appeals. The Company presented its defense on April 21, 2010. As of the date of this report, according to the opinion of external legal counsel of the Company the risk of loss in this case is remote.
 On August 25, 2010, Citizen Watch do Brasil S/A, or Citizen, sued MercadoLivre.com Atividades de
Internet Ltda., a Brazilian subsidiary, in the 31th Central Civil Court State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil. Citizen alleged that the Brazilian subsidiary was infringing Citizens trademarks as a result of users selling allegedly counterfeit
Citizen watches through the Brazilian page of the Companys website. Citizen sought an order enjoining the sale of Citizen-branded watches on the MercadoLibre Marketplace with a $6,000 daily non-compliance penalty. On September 23, 2010,
the Brazilian subsidiary was summoned of an injunction granted to prohibit the offer of Citizen products on its platform, but the penalty was established at $6,000. On September 26, 2010, the Company presented its defense and appealed the
decision of the injunction on September 27, 2010. On October 22, 2010 the injunction granted to Citizen was suspended. The courts ruling is still pending.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">State of S&atilde;o Paulo Fraud Claim  On June 12,
2007, a state prosecutor of the State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil presented a claim against the Companys Brazilian subsidiary. The state prosecutor alleges that the Brazilian subsidiary should be held liable for any fraud committed by sellers
on the Brazilian version of the Companys website, or responsible for damages suffered by buyers when purchasing an item on the Brazilian version of the MercadoLibre website. On June 26, 2009, the Lower Court Judge ruled in favor of the
State of S&atilde;o Paulo prosecutor, declaring that the Brazilian subsidiary shall be held joint and severally liable for fraud committed by sellers and damages suffered by buyers when using the website, and ordering the Brazilian subsidiary to
remove from the Terms of Service of the Brazilian website any provision limiting the Companys responsibility, with a penalty of approximately $2,500 per day of non-compliance. On June 29, 2009 the Company presented a recourse to the lower
court, which was not granted. On September 29, 2009 the Company presented an appeal and requested to suspend the effects of the ruling issued by the lower court until the appeal is decided by State Court of Appeals, which request was granted on
December 1, 2009. The decision on the appeal is still pending. In the opinion of the Companys management and its legal counsel the risk of loss is reasonably possible. 
   35 







 City of S&atilde;o Paulo Tax Claim 
In 2007 S&atilde;o Paulo tax authorities have asserted taxes and fines against our Brazilian subsidiary relating to the
period from 2005 to 2007 in an approximate amount of $5.9 million according to the exchange rate in effect at that time. In 2007, the Company presented administrative defenses against the authorities claim and the tax authorities ruled
against the Brazilian subsidiary. In 2009, the Company presented an appeal to the Conselho Municipal de Tributos or S&atilde;o Paulo Municipal Council of Taxes which reduced the fine. On February 11, 2011, the Company appealed this decision to
the C&acirc;maras Reunidas do Egr&eacute;gio Conselho Municipal de Tributos or Superior Chamber of the S&atilde;o Paulo Municipal Council of Taxes which affirmed the reduction of the fine. As of the date of these financial statements, the total
amount of the claim is approximately $5.8 million including surcharges and interest. With this decision the administrative stage is finished. On August 15, 2011, the Company made a deposit in court of approximately R$ 9.5 million or
$5.2 million, according to the exchange rate at December 31, 2011, and filed a lawsuit in 8th Public Treasury Court of the County of S&atilde;o Paulo, State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil, to contest the taxes and fines asserted by the Tax
Authorities. The Companys management and its legal counsel believe that the risk of loss is remote, and as a result, has not reserved any provisions for this claim.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Brazilian Federal Tax Claims  On September 2, 2011,
the Brazilian Federal tax authority have asserted taxes and fines against our Brazilian subsidiary relating to the income tax for the 2006 period in an approximate amount of R$5.2 million or $2.8 million, according to the exchange rate at
December 31, 2011. On September 30, 2011 the Company presented administrative defenses against the authorities claim. The Companys management and its legal counsel believe that the risk of loss is remote, and as a result, has not
reserved any provisions for this claim.  State of S&atilde;o Paulo Customer Service Level Claim 
On September 1, 2010, a state prosecutor of the State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil presented a claim against the
Companys Brazilian subsidiary. The state prosecutor alleges that the Brazilian subsidiary should improve our customer service level and provide (among other things) a telephone number for customer support. On November 17, 2010, the Judge
of the first instance court granted an injunction against the Brazilian subsidiary imposing the obligation to provide customer service over telephone means within 60 days with a penalty of approximately $65,000 per day of non-compliance. On
April 08, 2011, the Company was summoned of the lawsuit and the injunction. On April 14, 2011, the Company presented a recourse to the lower court; and although, the injunction was not lifted, an extension of 30 days was granted, and the
non-compliance fine would start running as of July11, 2011. On April 20, 2011, the Company presented an appeal and requested to suspend the effects of the injunction issued by the lower court until the appeal is decided by State Court of
Appeals which was granted on May 4, 2011. On November 29, 2011, the state prosecutor signed an agreement with the Brazilian subsidiary and presented a motion for dismissal of the case. On January 16, 2012, Instituto Bar&atilde;o de
Mau&aacute; de Defesa de V&iacute;timas e Consumidores contra Entes Poluidores e Maus Fornecedoreas, a consumer protection entity which had joined the case as a co-plaintiff, presented a petition manifesting its partial disagreement with the
commitments assumed by the Company. A judges decision is pending. In the opinion of the Companys management and its legal counsel the risk associated with this claim is considered remote. 
State of Rio de Janeiro Customer Service Level Claim  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">On August 19, 2011, a state prosecutor of the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil presented a claim against the Companys Brazilian subsidiary. The state prosecutor alleges that the Brazilian
subsidiary should improve our customer service level and provide (among other things) a telephone number for customer support and requested an injunction against our Brazilian subsidiary. On August 23, 2011, the Judge of the first instance
court denied the aforementioned injunction. On December 7, 2011, the Company was summoned of the lawsuit. In the opinion of the Companys management and its legal counsel the risk of loss is reasonably possible. 
Intellectual Property Claims  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In the past third parties have from time to time claimed, and others may claim in the future, that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We have been notified of several potential
third-party claims for intellectual property infringement through our website. These claims, whether meritorious or not, are time consuming, can be costly to resolve, could cause service upgrade delays, and could require expensive implementations of
changes to our business methods to respond to these claims. See Item 1A Risk factorsRisks related to our businessWe could potentially face legal and financial liability for the sale of items that infringe on the intellectual
property rights of others and for information disseminated on the MercadoLibre Marketplace.  
ITEM 4. (REMOVED AND RESERVED) 
   36 







 PART II  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity 
Shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, or our common stock, trade on the Nasdaq Global Market
(NASDAQ) under the symbol MELI. As of December 31, 2011, the closing price of our common stock was $79.54 per share. As of February 17, 2012, we had approximately 22 holders of record of our common stock. This
figure does not reflect the beneficial ownership of shares held in nominee name. The following table sets forth, for the indicated periods, the high and low closing sale prices for our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market and the cash
distributions declared per share:   







September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Closing stock Price
 

 
    
High
 
    
Low
 



 2010:
    



    




 1st quarter
    
$
51.88
  
    
$
36.37
  

 2nd quarter
    
$
60.75
  
    
$
44.79
  

 3rd quarter
    
$
75.14
  
    
$
52.13
  

 4th quarter
    
$
72.48
  
    
$
58.00
  

 2011:
    



    




 1st quarter
    
$
81.63
  
    
$
64.97
  

 2nd quarter
    
$
92.20
  
    
$
74.33
  

 3rd quarter
    
$
85.06
  
    
$
53.75
  

 4th quarter
    
$
94.62
  
    
$
49.53
  
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
There were no sales of unregistered securities by us during the three-month period ending December 31, 2011.
 Dividend Policy  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In each of February, May, August and October of 2011, our board of directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $3.5 million or $0.08 per share on our outstanding shares of common stock. The
dividends were payable on April 15, July 15, October 15, 2011 and January 17, 2012 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 30, 2011. In
February 2012, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $4.8 million on our outstanding shares of common stock. The dividend is payable on April 16, 2012 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on
March 30, 2012. We currently expect to continue paying comparable cash dividends on a quarterly basis. However, any future determination as to the declaration of dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of our board of
directors and will depend on our earnings, operating and financial condition, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors, including the applicable requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
 Equity Compensation Plan Information  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Companys equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2011 is set forth in Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management.  Performance Graph 
The graph below shows the total stockholder return of an investment of $100 on August 10, 2007 (the first day of
trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange) through December 31, 2011 for (i) our common stock (ii) The Nasdaq Composite Index (iii) The S&P 500 Index and (iv) the Dow Jones Ecommerce Index. The Dow Jones
Ecommerce Index is a weighted index of stocks of companies in the e-commerce industry. Stock price performance shown in the graph below is not indicative of future stock price performance. 
   37 







   



  We cannot assure you that our share performance will continue into the future with the
same or similar trends depicted in the graph above. We will not make or endorse any predictions as to our future stock performance.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The foregoing graph and chart shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under those acts. 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
The following summary financial data is qualified by reference to and should be read in conjunction with
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 (in millions)
    
2007
 
  
2008 (3)
 
  
2009
 
  
2010
 
  
2011
 



 Statement of income data:
    



  



  



  



  











 Net revenues
    
$
85.1
  
  
$
137.0
  
  
$
172.8
  
  
$
216.7
  
  
$
298.9
  

 Cost of net revenues
    
 
(18.3
) 
  
 
(27.5
) 
  
 
(36.0
) 
  
 
(46.5
) 
  
 
(72.1
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 








 Gross profit
    
 
66.9
  
  
 
109.5
  
  
 
136.9
  
  
 
170.2
  
  
 
226.9
  








 Operating expenses:
    



  



  



  



  




 Product and technology development
    
 
(4.4
) 
  
 
(7.3
) 
  
 
(12.1
) 
  
 
(15.9
) 
  
 
(23.3
) 

 Sales and marketing
    
 
(27.6
) 
  
 
(40.0
) 
  
 
(42.9
) 
  
 
(48.9
) 
  
 
(65.0
) 

 General and administrative
    
 
(13.2
) 
  
 
(22.8
) 
  
 
(25.8
) 
  
 
(30.8
) 
  
 
(38.8
) 

 Compensation cost related to acquisitions
    
 
  
  
  
 
(1.9
) 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

   38 















September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 (in millions)
    
2007
 
  
2008 (3)
 
  
2009
 
  
2010
 
  
2011
 



 Total operating expenses
    
 
(45.2
) 
  
 
(72.0
) 
  
 
(80.9
) 
  
 
(95.6
) 
  
 
(127.1
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 








 Income from operations
    
 
21.7
  
  
 
37.5
  
  
 
56.0
  
  
 
74.6
  
  
 
99.8
  








 Other income (expenses):
    



  



  



  



  




 Interest income and other financial gains
    
 
1.6
  
  
 
1.8
  
  
 
2.7
  
  
 
4.9
  
  
 
9.9
  

 Interest expense and other financial charges
    
 
(2.7
) 
  
 
(8.4
) 
  
 
(13.4
) 
  
 
(7.6
) 
  
 
(3.6
) 

 Foreign currency (loss) gains
    
 
(3.1
) 
  
 
(1.5
) 
  
 
(2.7
) 
  
 
(0.1
) 
  
 
2.4
  

 Other income (expenses), net
    
 
(3.0
) 
  
 
0.1
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
0.1
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 








 Net income before income and asset tax and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
    
 
14.4
  
  
 
29.4
  
  
 
42.7
  
  
 
71.9
  
  
 
108.5
  

 Income and asset tax expense
    
 
(4.7
) 
  
 
(10.6
) 
  
 
(9.5
) 
  
 
(15.8
) 
  
 
(31.7
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 








 Net income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle and gain from discontinued operations
    
 
9.7
  
  
 
18.8
  
  
 
33.2
  
  
 
56.0
  
  
 
76.8
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 








 Net income
    
 
9.7
  
  
 
18.8
  
  
 
33.2
  
  
 
56.0
  
  
 
76.8
  

 Accretion of preferred stock
    
 
(0.3
) 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 








 Less: Net Income attributable to Noncontrolling
    
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
(0.0
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 








 Net income available to common stockholders
    
$
9.4
  
  
$
18.8
  
  
$
33.2
  
  
$
56.0
  
  
$
76.8
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 The table above may not total due to rounding. 
 






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
At December 31,
 

 (in millions)
    
2007
 
    
2008 (3)
 
    
2009
 
    
2010
 
  
2011
 



 Balance sheet data:
    



    



    



    



  




 Total assets
    
$
134.5
  
    
$
156.7
  
    
$
182.6
  
    
$
269.7
  
  
$
355.9
  

 Long term debt
    
 
  
  
    
 
3.1
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
0.2
  
  
 
0.1
  

 Total liabilities
    
 
42.8
  
    
 
63.3
  
    
 
68.4
  
    
 
98.0
  
  
 
132.8
  

 Net assets
    
 
91.7
  
    
 
93.4
  
    
 
114.2
  
    
 
171.7
  
  
 
223.1
  

 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
 
4.0
  

 Common stock
    
 
0.1
  
    
 
0.1
  
    
 
0.1
  
    
 
0.1
  
  
 
0.1
  

 Stockholders equity
    
$
91.7
  
    
$
93.4
  
    
 
114.2
  
    
 
171.7
  
  
 
219.2
  
  







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2007
 
 
2008
 
    
2009
 
    
2010
 
  
2011
 



 Earnings per share data:
    



 



    



    



  




 Basic net income available to common stockholders per common share
    
$
0.22
  
 
$
0.43
  
    
$
0.75
  
    
$
1.27
  
  
$
1.73
  

 Diluted net income per common share
    
$
0.22
  
 
$
0.42
  
    
$
0.75
  
    
$
1.27
  
  
$
1.73
  

 Weighted average shares (2):
    



 



    



    



  




 Basic
    
 
25,149,405
(1) 
 
 
44,239,443
  
    
 
44,086,892
  
    
 
44,124,018
  
  
 
44,138,397
  

 Diluted
    
 
25,478,336
  
 
 
44,348,950
  
    
 
44,144,368
  
    
 
44,146,858
  
  
 
44,151,437
  
  
   39 







  


(1)
 Includes the effect of the issuance of 3,000,000 shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering in August 2007.



(2)
 Shares outstanding at December 31, 2011 were 44,142,020. 


(3)
 Includes the acquisition of DeRemate.com.   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 (in millions)
    
2007
 
    
2008
 
    
2009
 
    
2010
 
    
2011
 



 Other data:
    



    



    



    



    











 Number of confirmed registered users at end of period (1)
    
 
24.9
  
    
 
33.7
  
    
 
42.6
  
    
 
52.9
  
    
 
65.8
  

 Number of confirmed new registered users during period (2)
    
 
6.7
  
    
 
8.8
  
    
 
8.9
  
    
 
10.3
  
    
 
12.9
  

 Gross merchandise volume (3)
    
$
1,511.5
  
    
$
2,078.9
  
    
$
2,750.7
  
    
$
3,405.9
  
    
$
4,820.1
  

 Number of successful items sold (4)
    
 
17.5
  
    
 
21.1
  
    
 
29.5
  
    
 
39.2
  
    
 
52.8
  

 Total payment volume (5)
    
$
158.0
  
    
$
255.9
  
    
$
382.5
  
    
$
697.5
  
    
$
1,311.9
  

 Total payment transactions (6)
    
 
1.3
  
    
 
1.9
  
    
 
3.1
  
    
 
6.7
  
    
 
14.3
  

 Capital expenditures
    
$
3.1
  
    
$
5.0
  
    
$
4.8
  
    
$
13.6
  
    
$
24.7
  

 Depreciation and amortization
    
$
2.3
  
    
$
3.3
  
    
$
3.9
  
    
$
4.9
  
    
$
7.3
  
  


(1)
 Measure of the cumulative number of users who have registered on the MercadoLibre Marketplace and confirmed their registration.



(2)
 Measure of the number of new users who have registered on the MercadoLibre Marketplace and confirmed their registration. As of December 31,
2008 the number of confirmed new registered users includes 2.2 million coming from the DeRemate integration. 


(3)
 Measure of the total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions completed through the MercadoLibre Marketplace, excluding motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft
and real estate. 


(4)
 Measure of the number of items that were sold/purchased through the MercadoLibre Marketplace. 


(5)
 Measure of total U.S. dollar sum of all transactions paid for using MercadoPago. 


(6)
 Measure of the number of all transactions paid for using MercadoPago.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">ITEM 7. MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of our operations in
conjunction with our Selected Financial Data and our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our
current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section
entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report.  The discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations has been organized to present the following:   


 

 
 a brief overview of our company;   


 

 
 a discussion of our principal trends and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2010, and 2011;
  


 

 
 a review of our financial presentation and accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies; 
 


 

 
 a discussion of the principal factors that influence our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity;
  


 

 
 a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, a discussion of our capital expenditures and a description of our contractual
obligations; and   


 

 
 a discussion of the market risks that we face. 
   40 







 Overview  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">MercadoLibre, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries us, we, our or the company) hosts the largest online commerce platform in Latin America located at
www.mercadolibre.com, which is focused on enabling e-commerce and its related services. Our services are designed to provide our users with mechanisms for buying, selling, paying, collecting, generating leads and comparing transactions
via e-commerce in an effective and efficient manner. We are market leaders in e-commerce in each of Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela, based on unique visitors and page views. Additionally,
we also operate online commerce platforms in the Dominican Republic, Panama and Portugal.  Through our online
commerce platform, we provide buyers and sellers with a robust online commerce environment that fosters the development of a large and growing e-commerce community in Latin America, a region with a population of over 550 million people and one
of the fastest-growing Internet penetration rates in the world. We believe that we offer a technological and commercial solution that addresses the distinctive cultural and geographic challenges of operating an online commerce platform in Latin
America.  We offer our users an eco-system of four related e-commerce services: the MercadoLibre Marketplace,
the MercadoPago payments solution, the MercadoClics advertising program and the MercadoShops on-line stores solution.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The MercadoLibre Marketplace, which we sometimes refer to as our marketplace, is a fully-automated, topically-arranged and user-friendly online commerce service. This service permits both businesses and
individuals to list items and conduct their sales and purchases online in either a fixed-price or auction-based format. Additionally, through online classified listings, our registered users can list and purchase motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft,
real estate and services. Any Internet user can browse through the various products and services that are listed on our web site and register with MercadoLibre to list, bid for and purchase items and services. 
To complement the MercadoLibre Marketplace, we developed MercadoPago, an integrated online payments solution. MercadoPago
is designed to facilitate transactions both on and off the MercadoLibre Marketplace by providing a mechanism that allows our users to securely, easily and promptly send, receive and finance payments online. 
As a further enhancement to the MercadoLibre Marketplace, in 2009, we launched our MercadoClics program to allow
businesses to promote their products and services on the Internet. Through MercadoClics users and advertisers are able to place display and/or text advertisements on our web pages in order to promote their brands and offerings. MercadoClics offers
advertisers a cost efficient and automated platform through which it will acquire traffic. Advertisers purchase, on a cost per clicks basis, advertising space that appear around product search results for specific categories and other pages. These
advertising placements are clearly differentiated from product search results and direct traffic both to and off our platform based on the advertisers destination of choice. 
To close out our suite of e-commerce services we launched, during 2010, the MercadoShops on-line stores solution. Through
MercadoShops users can set-up, manage and promote their own on-line webstores. These webstores are hosted by MercadoLibre and offer integration with the other marketplace, payments and advertising services we offer. Users can choose from a basic,
free webstore or pay monthly subscriptions for enhanced functionality and added services on their stores.  We
were incorporated in Delaware in October 1999 and introduced web sites in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Uruguay and Venezuela by April 2000. In order to build a critical mass of customers, we initially offered our services
free of charge in all of these markets.  In May 2000, we obtained significant financing and reached gross
merchandise volume of $14.3 million. In 2001, we launched a new version of our site and brand and launched our operations in Ecuador. Our gross merchandise volume for the year ended December 31, 2001 grew to $21.3 million. Our gross
merchandise volume reached $55.4 million for 2002, $164.3 million for 2003 and $299.3 million for 2004. In November of 2005, we acquired certain operations of DeRemate.com, Inc. and our gross merchandise volume reached $607.7 million.
During 2006, we launched sites in Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic and Panama, and our gross merchandise volume reached $1,075.1 million. Our gross merchandise volume was $1,511.5 million for 2007. 
In August 2007, we successfully completed our initial public offering through which 16,077,185 shares of our common
stock were sold at a initial public offering price of $18.00 per share less an underwriting discount of 4.5%. Out of that total, 2,608,696 shares of common stock were sold by us and 13,468,489 were sold by selling shareholders. We, along with
certain shareholders, granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days from August 9, 2007, to purchase up to 2,411,577 additional shares at the public offering price less the underwriting discount. The option was exercised
in full, and of that total, an additional 391,304 shares were sold by us and 2,020,273 were sold by the selling shareholders.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In January 2008, we acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Classified Media Group, Inc., or CMG, and its subsidiaries. CMG and its subsidiaries operate an online
classified advertisements platform primarily dedicated to the sale of automobiles at www.tucarro.com in Venezuela, Colombia and Puerto Rico and real estate at www.tuinmueble.com in Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, the United States, Costa Rica and the
Canary Islands. On the acquisition date, we paid $19 million subject to certain escrows and working capital adjustment clauses. On June 27, 2008, the Company released to the former CMG shareholders $1.9 millions in full satisfaction
of the management escrow. On January 22, 2009, we released the escrow balance of $1.1 million to the sellers of CMG. 
   41 







 In September 2008, we completed the acquisition of DeRemate.com de
Argentina S.A., DeRemate.com Chile S.A., Interactivos y Digitales M&eacute;xico S.A. de C.V. and Compa&ntilde;&iacute;a de Negocios Interactiva de Colombia E.U. for an aggregate purchase price of $37.6 million. We also purchased certain URLs,
domains, trademarks, databases and intellectual property rights related to those businesses for $2.4 million. On February 12, 2009, the purchase price allocation period ended and we agreed with the sellers to a working capital adjustment
of $480,912 to be paid by the sellers to us.  In September 2011, the Company acquired 60% of outstanding
membership interest of Autopark LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Delaware with 100% ownership of AP Clasificados, an online classified advertisements platform in Mexico primarily dedicated to the sale of automobiles at
www.autoplaza.com.mx and real estate at www.homeshop.com.mx. The aggregate purchase price paid in cash was $5.5 million and includes URLs, domain names, trademarks, databases non-compete agreements and intellectual property rights that are used
or useful in connection with the online platforms of the acquired business.  Reporting Segments 
Our segment reporting is based on geographic areas, which is the current criteria we are using to evaluate our segment
performance. Our geography segments include Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Venezuela and other countries (such as Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal and Uruguay). 
In addition, we operate a real estate classifieds platform that covers some areas of Florida in the United States, the
operations of which are included in our segment for other countries.  During 2011, our gross
merchandise volume reached $4,820.1 million and visitors to our web site were able to browse an average of over 10.9 million listings on any given day, organized by country, in over 2,000 different product categories. We believe that we
have achieved a critical mass of active buyers, sellers and product listings in most of the countries where we operate and that our business can be readily scaled to handle increases in our user base and transaction volume. At December 31,
2011, we had 65.8 million confirmed registered MercadoLibre users. For 2011, we had 5.0 million unique sellers, 14.1 million unique buyers and 52.8 million successful items sold. 
For 2011, our net revenues were $298.9 million. Of the $298.9 million in revenues, approximately 55.5% was
attributable to our Brazilian business, 19.0% to our Argentine business, 11.6% to our Venezuelan business, 7.5% to our Mexican business, and 6.4% to other countries. Although we discuss long-term trends in our business, it is our policy to not
provide earnings guidance in the traditional sense. We believe that uncertain conditions make the forecasting of near-term results difficult. Further, we seek to make decisions focused primarily on the long-term welfare of our company and believe
focusing on short term earnings does not best serve the interests of our stockholders. We believe that execution of key strategic initiatives as well as our expectations for long-term growth in our markets will best create stockholder value. We,
therefore, encourage potential investors to consider this strategy before making an investment in our common stock. A long-term focus may make it more difficult for industry analysts and the market to evaluate the value of our company, which could
reduce the value of our common stock or permit competitors with short term tactics to grow stronger than us.  Description of line items
 Net revenues  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We recognize revenues in each of our five reporting segments. Our reporting segments include our operations in Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Venezuela and other countries (Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica,
Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal and Uruguay).  We offer three types of up-front fees for three different
combinations of placement and features. Up-front fees are charged at the time the listing is uploaded onto our platform and are not subject to successful sale of the items listed. Following this fee structure modification, revenues for the
MercadoLibre Marketplace transactions are now generated by:   


 

 
 up front fees;   


 

 
 final value fees; and   


 

 
 online advertising fees.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Since the third quarter of 2010, we have offered payment processing through our MercadoPago solution at no added cost in Brazil and Argentina. On April 15, 2011 and November 10, 2011, we
launched a new and improved version of our MercadoPago payments platform that may be used for all our marketplace transactions in Mexico and Venezuela, respectively. We also made offering MercadoPago obligatory in our Mexican marketplace listings
(with the exception of free listings). This change in pricing results, with respect to marketplace transactions, in our no longer charging our users a specific fee for processing on-platform payments as we did in the past. We do continue, however,
to generate payment related revenues, reported within each of our reporting segments, attributable to: 
   42 










 

 
 commissions charged to sellers for the use of the MercadoPago platform with respect to transactions that occur outside of our marketplace
platform;   


 

 
 revenues from a financial charge when a buyer elects to pay in installments through our MercadoPago platform, for transactions that occur on
or off of our marketplace platform.  Prior to the third quarter of 2009, we used to generate
revenues from the MercadoLibre Marketplace transactions from:   


 

 
 listing fees;   


 

 
 optional feature fees;   


 

 
 final value fees; and   


 

 
 online advertising fees.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">During the third quarter of 2009, we modified our pricing structure by replacing our previous listing fees and optional feature fees with consolidated up-front fees which bundle these features, as
discussed above.  The following table sets forth the percentage of consolidated net revenues by country for
each of 2009, 2010 and 2011:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 (% of total consolidated net revenues)
    
2009(*)
 
 
2010
 
 
2011
 



 Brazil
    
 
53.9
% 
 
 
56.7
% 
 
 
55.5
% 

 Argentina
    
 
15.5
  
 
 
18.4
  
 
 
19.0
  

 Venezuela
    
 
15.8
  
 
 
9.6
  
 
 
11.6
  

 Mexico
    
 
8.9
  
 
 
8.8
  
 
 
7.5
  

 Other countries
    
 
6.0
  
 
 
6.5
  
 
 
6.4
  
  


(*)
 The column above may not total due to rounding. 
The following table summarizes the changes in net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2010 and 2011:
  







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
  
Year Ended
 
  
Change from 2010 to 2011
 
 
Year Ended
 
  
Change from 2009
 

 
  
December 31,
 
  
(*)
 
 
December 31,
 
  
to 2010 (*)
 

 
  
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
in Dollars
 
  
in %
 
 
2010
 
  
2009
 
  
in Dollars
 
  
in %
 

 
  
(in millions, except percentages)
 
 
(in millions, except percentages)
 



 Net Revenues:
  



  



  



  



 



  



  



  




 Brazil
  
$
165.9
  
  
$
122.8
  
  
$
43.1
  
  
 
35.1
% 
 
$
122.8
  
  
$
93.1
  
  
$
29.7
  
  
 
31.9
% 

 Argentina
  
 
56.7
  
  
 
39.9
  
  
 
16.8
  
  
 
42.2
  
 
 
39.9
  
  
 
26.7
  
  
 
13.2
  
  
 
49.2
  

 Venezuela
  
 
34.8
  
  
 
20.9
  
  
 
13.9
  
  
 
66.8
  
 
 
20.9
  
  
 
27.3
  
  
 
(6.4
) 
  
 
(23.6
) 

 Mexico
  
 
22.3
  
  
 
19.0
  
  
 
3.3
  
  
 
17.5
  
 
 
19.0
  
  
 
15.3
  
  
 
3.6
  
  
 
23.7
  

 Other Countries
  
 
19.2
  
  
 
14.2
  
  
 
5.0
  
  
 
35.6
  
 
 
14.2
  
  
 
10.4
  
  
 
3.8
  
  
 
36.5
  


  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total Net Revenues
  
$
298.9
  
  
$
216.7
  
  
$
82.2
  
  
 
37.9
% 
 
$
216.7
  
  
$
172.8
  
  
$
43.9
  
  
 
25.4
% 


  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The table above may not total due to rounding.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We have a highly fragmented customer revenue base given the large numbers of sellers and buyers who use our platforms. For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, no single customer
accounted for more than 5.0% of our net revenues in our MercadoLibre Marketplace or our MercadoPago payment solution. Our MercadoLibre Marketplace is available in thirteen countries (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican
Republic, Ecuador, Mexico, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Uruguay and Venezuela), and MercadoPago is available in six countries (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela). The functional currency for each countrys operations is the
local currency, except for Venezuela whose functional currency is the US dollar due to Venezuelas status as a highly inflationary economy. See Critical accounting policies and estimates  Foreign Currency Translation included
in this report. Therefore, our net revenues are generated in multiple foreign currencies and then translated into US dollars at the average monthly exchange rate. 
Our subsidiaries in Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela and Colombia are subject to certain taxes on revenues which are
classified as costs of net revenues. These taxes represented 6.2%, 6.9% and 7.2% of net revenues for 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively. 
   43 







 Cost of net revenues 
Cost of net revenues primarily represents bank and credit card processing charges for transactions and fees paid with
credit cards and other payment methods, certain taxes on revenues, compensation for customer support personnel, ISP connectivity charges, depreciation and amortization and hosting and site operation fees. 
Product and technology development expenses  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our product and technology development related expenses consist primarily of depreciation and amortization costs related to product and technology development, compensation for our engineering and
web-development staff, telecommunications costs and payments to third-party suppliers who provide technology maintenance services to our company.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Sales and marketing expenses  Our sales and
marketing expenses consist primarily of marketing costs for our platforms through online and offline advertising, bad debt charges, the salaries of employees involved in these activities, public relations costs, marketing activities for our users
and depreciation and amortization costs.  We carry out the vast majority of our marketing efforts on the
Internet. In that context, we enter into agreements with portals, search engines, social networks, ad networks and other sites in order to attract Internet users to the MercadoLibre Marketplace and convert them into confirmed registered users and
active traders on our platform. Additionally, we allocate a portion of our marketing budget to cable television advertising in order to improve our brand awareness and to complement our online efforts. 
We also work intensively on attracting, developing and growing our seller community through our supply efforts. We have
dedicated professionals in most of our operations that work with sellers, through trade show participation, seminars and meetings to provide them with important tools and skills to become effective sellers on our platform. 
General and administrative expenses  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries for management and administrative staff, compensation for outside directors, long term retention plan compensation, expenses for
legal, accounting and other professional services, insurance expenses, office space rental expenses, travel and business expenses, as well as depreciation and amortization costs. General and administrative expenses include the costs of the following
areas of our company: general management, finance, administration, accounting, legal and human resources.  Other income (expenses), net
 Other income (expenses) consists of interest income derived primarily from our investments and
cash equivalents, foreign currency gains or losses, and other non-operating results. Prior to the third quarter of 2010, other income (expenses) included mainly interest expense related to the working capital requirements for our MercadoPago
operations. Since the third quarter of 2010 and for as long as we continue pre-selling credit card receivables there has been, and we expect in the future will be, no interest expense included in other income (expenses) line, related to
MercadoPagos working capital requirements.  Income and asset tax 
We are subject to federal and state taxes in the United States, as well as foreign taxes in the multiple jurisdictions
where we operate. Our tax obligations consist of current and deferred income taxes and asset taxes incurred in these jurisdictions. We account for income taxes following the liability method of accounting. Therefore, our income tax expense consists
of taxes currently payable, if any (given that in certain jurisdictions we still have net operating loss carry-forwards), plus the change during the period in our deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
The following table summarizes the composition of our income/asset taxes for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2010
and 2011. 
   44 







  







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 (in millions)
    
2009
 
  
2010
 
  
2011
 








 Current:
    



  



  




 Federal
    
$
  
  
  
$
  
  
  
$
  
  

 Foreign
    
 
11.5
  
  
 
22.2
  
  
 
29.8
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
11.5
  
  
 
22.2
  
  
 
29.8
  

 Deferred:
    



  



  




 Federal
    
 
  
  
  
 
0.4
  
  
 
2.1
  

 Foreign
    
 
(2.5
) 
  
 
(6.8
) 
  
 
(0.3
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
(2.5
) 
  
 
(6.4
) 
  
 
1.8
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
9.0
  
  
 
15.8
  
  
 
31.6
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Asset Tax:
    



  



  




 Federal
    
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  

 Foreign
    
 
0.5
  
  
 
0.0
  
  
 
0.0
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
0.5
  
  
 
0.0
  
  
 
0.0
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Income / asset tax expense
    
$
9.5
  
  
$
15.8
  
  
$
31.7
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 Seasonality  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The following table presents certain unaudited quarterly financial information for each of the twelve quarters set forth below: 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Quarter Ended
 

 
    
March 31,
 
    
June 30,
 
    
September 30,
 
    
December 31,
 



 2011
    



    



    



    










 Net Revenues
    
$
61,459,668
  
    
$
69,378,160
  
    
$
81,628,144
  
    
$
86,465,653
  

 Gross profit
    
 
47,127,964
  
    
 
52,439,042
  
    
 
61,567,671
  
    
 
65,741,114
  

 Net Income
    
 
14,057,634
  
    
 
14,820,826
  
    
 
26,296,449
  
    
 
21,621,431
  

 Net Income per share-basic
    
 
0.32
  
    
 
0.34
  
    
 
0.60
  
    
 
0.47
  

 Net Income per share-diluted
    
 
0.32
  
    
 
0.34
  
    
 
0.60
  
    
 
0.47
  

 Weighted average shares
    



    



    



    




 Basic
    
 
44,131,383
  
    
 
44,138,105
  
    
 
44,141,925
  
    
 
44,142,020
  

 Diluted
    
 
44,147,667
  
    
 
44,152,296
  
    
 
44,151,218
  
    
 
44,152,658
  







 2010
    



    



    



    










 Net Revenues
    
$
45,937,774
  
    
$
52,510,331
  
    
$
55,951,378
  
    
$
62,316,230
  

 Gross profit
    
 
36,044,723
  
    
 
41,098,770
  
    
 
44,500,459
  
    
 
48,521,916
  

 Net Income
    
 
9,620,601
  
    
 
11,673,962
  
    
 
18,790,963
  
    
 
15,939,493
  

 Net Income per share-basic
    
 
0.22
  
    
 
0.26
  
    
 
0.43
  
    
 
0.36
  

 Net Income per share-diluted
    
 
0.22
  
    
 
0.26
  
    
 
0.43
  
    
 
0.36
  

 Weighted average shares
    



    



    



    




 Basic
    
 
44,113,595
  
    
 
44,121,087
  
    
 
44,129,762
  
    
 
44,131,376
  

 Diluted
    
 
44,149,700
  
    
 
44,145,255
  
    
 
44,151,367
  
    
 
44,151,762
  







 2009
    



    



    



    










 Net Revenues
    
$
32,322,501
  
    
$
40,901,799
  
    
$
50,599,276
  
    
$
49,020,045
  

 Gross profit
    
 
25,688,515
  
    
 
32,306,322
  
    
 
40,208,605
  
    
 
38,682,129
  

 Net Income
    
 
5,391,176
  
    
 
6,679,779
  
    
 
9,852,268
  
    
 
11,285,570
  

 Net Income per share-basic
    
 
0.12
  
    
 
0.15
  
    
 
0.22
  
    
 
0.26
  

 Net Income per share-diluted
    
 
0.12
  
    
 
0.15
  
    
 
0.22
  
    
 
0.26
  

 Weighted average shares
    



    



    



    




 Basic
    
 
44,069,134
  
    
 
44,074,462
  
    
 
44,088,936
  
    
 
44,108,207
  

 Diluted
    
 
44,130,866
  
    
 
44,127,208
  
    
 
44,138,031
  
    
 
44,143,281
  
 Seasonal fluctuations in Internet usage and retail seasonality have affected, and are
likely to continue to affect, our business. Typically, the fourth quarter of the year is the strongest in every country where we operate due to the significant increase in transactions before the Christmas season. However, the result of our
operations in the fourth quarter of 2009 were impacted by the change in Venezuelan translation rate as described in Foreign currency translation below, for that reason, our 2009 fourth quarter revenues were lower when measured in U.S. dollars than
the third quarter revenues. Our slowest period is typically the first quarter of the year. The months of January, February and March normally correspond to summer vacation time in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, 
   45 







 Peru and Uruguay. Additionally, the Easter holiday falls in March or April, and Brazil
celebrates Carnival for one week in February or March. This is partially mitigated by the countries located in the northern hemisphere, such as Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela for which the slowest months are their summer months of July, August and
September.  Critical accounting policies and estimates 
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related notes requires us to make judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We have based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our management has discussed the
development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with our audit committee and our board of directors. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions
about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially
impact the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. You should read the
following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and other disclosures included in with this report. 
Foreign Currency Translation  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Historically, all of our foreign operations have used the local currency as their functional currency. Accordingly, these foreign subsidiaries translate assets and liabilities from their local currencies
to US dollars using year-end exchange rates while income and expense accounts are translated at the average rates in effect during the year. The resulting translation adjustment is recorded as part of other comprehensive income (loss), a component
of shareholders equity. Gains and losses resulting from transactions denominated in non-functional currencies are recognized in earnings. Net foreign currency exchange losses or gains are included in the consolidated statements of income under
the caption Foreign currency gain /(loss).  Until September 30, 2009, our Venezuelan
subsidiaries assets, liabilities, income and expenses were translated at the official Venezuelan exchange rate of 2.15 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar. 
In the fourth quarter of 2009, we began to use the parallel exchange rate (as described below) rather than the official
exchange rate to translate our Venezuelan financial statements. The following facts and circumstances have been considered in our analysis of the applicable exchange rate: 
 


 

 At the date we changed the translation exchange rate (and as of the date of this report), we have not obtained dividends remittances at the
official exchange rate (and we have not at the date of this report),   


 

 The industry in which we operate may not influence our ability to access to the official exchange rate, 
 


 

 The Commission for the Administration of Foreign Exchange (CADIVI) volume of approvals of the use of the Official Rate was down
50% on a year-to-year basis as of July 2009.   


 

 CADIVI has not only delayed approvals but also removed many items from priority lists (current priorities appear to be food and medicine)
causing delays in the repatriation of dividends for many companies.  Consequently, in the
fourth quarter of 2009, we translated our Venezuelan subsidiaries assets, liabilities, income and expense accounts using the parallel exchange rate.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">As of the date of this report the Company did not buy dollars at the CADIVI official rate.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In accordance with US GAAP, we have classified our Venezuelan operations as highly inflationary as of January 1, 2010 and have used the US dollar to be the functional currency for purposes of
our financial statements. Therefore, no translation effect was accounted for in other comprehensive income since October 1, 2009 related to our Venezuelan operations. 
Until May 13, 2010, the only way by which US dollars could be purchased outside the official currency market was
using an indirect mechanism consisting in the purchase and sale of securities, including national public debt bonds (DPNs) denominated in Bolivares Fuertes and bonds issued by the government that were denominated in US dollars. This mechanism for
transactions in certain securities created an indirect parallel foreign currency exchange market in Venezuela that enabled entities to obtain foreign currency through financial brokers without going through CADIVI. Although the parallel
exchange rate was higher, and accordingly less beneficial, than the official exchange rate, some entities have used the parallel market to exchange currency 
   46 







 because, as previously mentioned, CADIVI has typically failed to approve in a timely manner
the exchange of currency requested by such entities. Until May 13, 2010, our Venezuelan subsidiaries used this mechanism to buy US dollars and accordingly we used the parallel average exchange rate to re-measure those foreign currency
transactions.  However, on May 14, 2010, the Venezuelan government enacted reforms to its exchange
regulations and closed down such parallel market by declaring that foreign-currency-denominated securities issued by Venezuelan entities were included in the definition of foreign currency, thus making the Venezuelan Central Bank (BCV) the only
institution that could legally authorize the purchase or sale of foreign currency bonds, thereby excluding non-authorized brokers from the foreign exchange market. 
Trading of foreign currencies was re-opened as a regulated market on June 9, 2010 with the Venezuelan Central Bank
as the only institution through which foreign currency-denominated transactions can be brokered. Under the new system, known as the Foreign Currency Securities Transactions System (SITME), entities domiciled in Venezuela can buy US
dollardenominated securities only through banks authorized by the BCV to import goods, services or capital inputs. Additionally, the SITME imposes volume restrictions on an entitys trading activity, limiting such activity to a maximum
equivalent of $50,000 per day, not to exceed $350,000 in a calendar month. This limitation is non-cumulative, meaning that an entity cannot carry over unused volume from one month to the next. 
As a consequence of this new system, commencing on June 9, 2010, we have transitioned from the parallel exchange
rate to the SITME rate and started re-measuring foreign currency transactions using the SITME rate published by BCV, which was 5.27 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar as of June 9, 2010. 
For the period beginning on May 14, 2010 and ended on June 8, 2010 (during which there was no open foreign
currency markets), we applied US GAAP guidelines, which state that if exchangeability between two currencies is temporarily lacking at the transaction date or balance sheet date, the first subsequent rate at which exchanges could be made shall
be used.  Accordingly, the June 9, 2010 exchange rate published by the Venezuelan Central Bank has been
used to re-measure transactions during the above-mentioned period.  During 2010 and previous years we were
able to obtain U.S. dollars using alternative mechanisms other than the CADIVI. These dollars, obtained at a higher exchange rate than the one offered by CADIVI, and held in balance at U.S. bank accounts of our Venezuelan subsidiaries, were used for
dividend distributions from our Venezuelan subsidiaries. As a result, during 2010, lack of CADIVI approval did not restrict our ability to distribute the full amount of our retained earnings as dividends related to fiscal years 2008
($0.8 million), and 2009 ($1.8 million). In addition, during 2011, our Venezuelan subsidiaries distributed dividends of a $4.2 million, related to earnings for fiscal year 2010, using existing cash balances held in the U.S. bank
accounts of our Venezuelan subsidiaries.  The following table sets forth net revenues, assets, liabilities and
net assets of our Venezuelan subsidiaries, before intercompany eliminations, as of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 








 Venezuelan operations
    



  



  




 Net Revenues
    
$
34,828,878
  
  
$
20,885,541
  
  
$
27,331,095
  






 Assets
    
 
31,074,871
  
  
 
21,928,340
  
  
 
15,471,344
  

 Liabilities
    
 
(10,414,881
) 
  
 
(8,212,581
) 
  
 
(6,557,337
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net Assets
    
$
20,659,990
  
  
$
13,715,759
  
  
$
8,914,007
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 Net assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary amount to approximately 9.3% of our consolidated
net assets, and cash and investments of our Venezuelan subsidiary held in local currency in Venezuela amount to approximately 7.6% of our consolidated cash and investments. 
On June 2, 2011, our Venezuelan subsidiary acquired an office property containing 992 square meters in a building
located in Caracas, Venezuela for approximately $6.6 million. The Company funded the purchase price through working capital.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Although the current mechanisms available to obtain U.S. dollars for dividend distributions to our Venezuelan subsidiaries to those subsidiaries of our company that are located outside Venezuela imply
increased restrictions, we do not expect that the current restrictions on purchasing U.S. dollars will have a significant adverse effect on our business plans or with regard to our investment in Venezuela. 
   47 







 Impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill 
We review long-lived assets for impairments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are
considered to be impaired on this basis, the impairment loss to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 
If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill or indefinite useful life intangible assets
are considered impaired and a second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. No impairments were recognized during the reporting periods and managements assessment of each reporting units fair value materially
exceeds its carrying value.  Goodwill and certain indefinite life trademarks are reviewed at the end of the
year for impairment or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment of goodwill and certain trademarks are tested at the reporting unit level (considering each segment of
the Company as a reporting unit) by comparing the reporting units carrying amount, including goodwill and certain trademarks, to the fair value of the reporting unit. The Company adopted the new guidance to test goodwill and, as a consequence,
performs a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit. If the Company determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the
carrying amount, the fair-value based test is applied. For the year ended December 31, 2011, based on the qualitative assessment, the Company determines that the fair value of all the reporting units is greater than the carrying amount.
 For the year ended December 31, 2010, the fair values of the reporting units were estimated using a
combination of the income or discounted cash flows approach and the market approach, which utilizes comparable companies data. Cash flow projections used were based on financial budgets approved by management. The growth rates applied do not
exceed the long-term average growth rate for the business in which the reporting unit operates. The average discount rate used for 2010 was 18.9%. That rate reflected the Companys real weighted average cost of capital. Key drivers in the
analysis include Confirmed Registered Users (CRUs), Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV) which represents a measure of the total U.S. dollar amount of all transactions completed through the MercadoLibre Marketplace, excluding motor
vehicles, vessels, aircraft, real estate, and services and take rate defined as marketplace revenues as a percentage of gross merchandise volume. In addition, the benchmark in the analysis includes a business to e-commerce rate, which represents the
growth of e-commerce as a percentage of GDP, internet penetration rates as well as trends in the Companys market share.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill or indefinite useful life intangible assets are considered impaired and a second step is performed to measure the amount of
impairment loss, if any. No impairments were recognized during the reporting periods and managements assessment of each reporting unit fair value materially exceeds its carrying value. 
We believe that the accounting estimate related to impairment of long lived assets and goodwill is critical since it is
highly susceptible to change from period to period because: (i) it requires management to make assumptions about gross merchandise volume growth, future interest rates, sales and costs; and (ii) the impact that recognizing an impairment
would have on the assets reported on our balance sheet as well as our net income would be material. Managements assumptions about future sales and future costs require significant judgment. 
Allowance for doubtful accounts and chargebacks  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We are exposed to losses due to uncollectible accounts and credits to sellers. Allowances for these items represent our estimate of future losses based on our historical experience. The allowance for
doubtful accounts and chargebacks is recorded as a charge to sales and marketing expenses. Historically, our actual losses have been consistent with our charges. However, future adverse changes to our historical experience for doubtful accounts and
chargebacks could have a material impact on our future consolidated statements of income and cash flows.  Our
allowance for doubtful accounts and chargebacks amounted to $3.8 million at December 31, 2009, $11.7 million at December 31, 2010 and $16.0 million at December 31, 2011. We write off accounts receivable with an aging of
181 days or more. The increase in the 2010 and 2011 allowance for doubtful accounts mainly relates to an increase in our net revenues. In addition, during 2010, we changed our billing cycle period, so that customers received a bill from us one
time per month. Prior to 2010, customers received bills from us multiple times per month. 
   48 







 The following table illustrates our bad debt charges as a percentage of net
revenues for 2009, 2010 and 2011:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 (in millions, except percentages)
    
2009
 
 
2010
 
 
2011
 








 Net revenues
    
$
172.8
  
 
$
216.7
  
 
$
298.9
  

 Bad debt charges
    
 
10.0
  
 
 
14.9
  
 
 
18.9
  

 Bad debt charges as a percentage of net revenues
    
 
5.8
% 
 
 
6.9
% 
 
 
6.3
% 
 Historically, our actual losses have been consistent with our charges. However, future
changes in trends could result in a material impact to future consolidated statements of income and cash flows. 
We believe that the accounting estimate related to allowances for doubtful accounts and chargebacks is a critical
accounting estimate because it requires management to make assumptions about future collections and credit analysis. Our managements assumptions about future collections require significant judgment. 
Legal Contingencies  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In connection with certain pending litigation and other claims, we have estimated the range of probable loss and provided for such losses through charges to our condensed consolidated statement of income.
These estimates are based on our assessment of the facts and circumstances and historical information related to actions filed against the Company at each balance sheet date and are subject to change based upon new information and future events.
 From time to time, we are involved in disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business. We are
currently involved in certain legal proceedings as discussed in BusinessLegal Proceedings, and in Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to the claims against us, and
we will defend ourselves accordingly. However, even if successful, our defense could be costly and could divert managements time. If the plaintiffs were to prevail on certain claims, we might be forced to pay damages or modify our business
practices. Any of these consequences could materially harm our business and could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
Income taxes  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We are required to recognize a provision for income taxes based upon taxable income and temporary differences between the book and tax bases of our assets and liabilities for each of the tax jurisdictions
in which we operate. This process requires a calculation of taxes payable under currently enacted tax laws in each jurisdiction and an analysis of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of our assets and liabilities, including various
accruals, allowances, depreciation and amortization. The tax effect of these temporary differences and the estimated tax benefit from our tax net operating losses are reported as deferred tax assets and liabilities in our condensed consolidated
balance sheet. We also assess the likelihood that our net deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. To the extent we believe that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of deferred tax asset will not be realized,
we establish a valuation allowance. At December 31, 2011, we had a valuation allowance on certain foreign net operating losses based on our assessment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. To the
extent we establish a valuation allowance or change the allowance in a period, we reflect the change with a corresponding increase or decrease in our Income/asset tax expense line in our consolidated statement of income. 
The following table summarizes the composition of our deferred tax assets for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 

 Deferred tax assets
    
2011
 
    
in % (*)
 
 
2010
 
    
in % (*)
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 
 
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 2005 DeRemate.com acquisition
    
 
2.9
  
    
 
15.7
% 
 
 
5.9
  
    
 
28.6
% 

 Brazilian operations
    
 
4.8
  
    
 
25.7
% 
 
 
5.3
  
    
 
25.6
% 

 Foreign tax credits & others domestic deferred tax assets
    
 
3.3
  
    
 
17.6
% 
 
 
2.8
  
    
 
13.3
% 

 Operations in others countries
    
 
1.3
  
    
 
7.1
% 
 
 
1.2
  
    
 
6.0
% 

 2008 DeRemate.com acquisition
    
 
0.4
  
    
 
2.3
% 
 
 
0.6
  
    
 
2.9
% 

 Mexican operations
    
 
1.0
  
    
 
5.5
% 
 
 
1.2
  
    
 
5.7
% 

 Venezuelan operations
    
 
1.4
  
    
 
7.5
% 
 
 
1.1
  
    
 
5.4
% 

 Argentine operations
    
 
3.4
  
    
 
18.6
% 
 
 
2.6
  
    
 
12.6
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total
    
 
18.5
  
    
 
100
% 
 
 
20.7
  
    
 
100
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using the whole figures, instead on rounding figures. 
The table above may not total due to rounding. 
   49 







 At December 31, 2011, our deferred tax assets are comprised mainly of
loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits representing 23.6% and 16.0%, respectively of the total deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2010, our deferred tax assets are comprised mainly of loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits
representing 44.5% and 11.8%, respectively of the total deferred tax assets.  The following table summarizes
the composition of our loss carryforwards for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 

 Loss carryforwards
    
2011
 
    
in % (*)
 
 
2010
 
    
in % (*)
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 
 
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 2005 DeRemate.com acquisition
    
 
0.0
  
    
 
0.5
% 
 
 
3.9
  
    
 
42.7
% 

 Brazilian operations
    
 
2.6
  
    
 
59.4
% 
 
 
3.0
  
    
 
32.7
% 

 2008 DeRemate.com acquisition
    
 
0.4
  
    
 
8.5
% 
 
 
0.5
  
    
 
5.8
% 

 Mexican operations
    
 
0.8
  
    
 
18.4
% 
 
 
0.9
  
    
 
10.3
% 

 Domestic loss carry forwards
    
 
0.1
  
    
 
1.4
% 
 
 
0.1
  
    
 
1.1
% 

 Chilean operations
    
 
0.5
  
    
 
10.7
% 
 
 
0.7
  
    
 
7.1
% 

 Operations in others countries
    
 
0.0
  
    
 
1.1
% 
 
 
0.1
  
    
 
0.4
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total
    
 
4.4
  
    
 
100
% 
 
 
9.2
  
    
 
100
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using the whole figures, instead on rounding figures. 
The table above may not total due to rounding.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We also assess the likelihood that our net deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. To the extent we believe that it is more likely than not that some portion or the total deferred
tax assets will not be realized, we establish a valuation allowance.  At December 31, 2011 and 2010, our
valuation allowance amounted to $2.9 million and $4.8 million, respectively.  The following table
summarizes the composition of our valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 

 Valuation Allowance
    
2011
 
    
in % (*)
 
 
2010
 
    
in % (*)
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 
 
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 2005 DeRemate.com acquisition
    
 
0.1
  
    
 
3.0
% 
 
 
0.1
  
    
 
1.8
% 

 Brazilian operations
    
 
0.0
  
    
 
0.0
% 
 
 
2.1
  
    
 
42.6
% 

 2008 DeRemate.com acquisition
    
 
0.4
  
    
 
15.0
% 
 
 
0.6
  
    
 
12.4
% 

 Operations in others countries
    
 
2.4
  
    
 
82.0
% 
 
 
2.1
  
    
 
43.2
% 

 United States
    
 
0.0
  
    
 
0.0
% 
 
 
0.0
  
    
 
0.0
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total
    
 
2.9
  
    
 
100
% 
 
 
4.8
  
    
 
100
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using the whole figures, instead on rounding figures. 
The table above may not total due to rounding.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our valuation allowance is based on our assessment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The fluctuations in the valuation allowance will depend on the capacity
of each country operation to generate taxable income or our execution of future tax planning strategies that allow us to use the aforementioned deferred tax assets. To the extent we establish a valuation allowance or change the allowance in a
period, we reflect the change with a corresponding increase or decrease in our tax provision in our consolidated statement of income.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company has reversed $2.0 million related to certain valuation allowance in one of our Brazilian subsidiaries, acquired in 2001, as a consequence of a
business reorganization in that country, The reversal of the tax valuation allowance was based on the assessment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. 
During the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company has reversed $4.6 million related to certain Brazilian
valuation allowances as a consequence of a business reorganization in that country, The reversal of the tax valuation allowance was based on the assessment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. 
   50 







 As of December 31, 2011, there are $64.3 million of non-U.S.
subsidiaries undistributed earnings. In determining the amount of non-U.S. subsidiaries undistributed earnings, we have not considered some certain of the non-U.S. subsidiaries undistributed earnings as of December 31, 2011
for U.S. federal income tax purposes because our strategy is to reinvest our undistributed earnings of our foreign operations in those operations and to distribute dividends when they can be offset with available tax credits. We do not expect a
material impact in any repatriation of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries on our operations since the taxable domestic gains generated by any dividend distributions will be mostly offset with foreign tax credits that arise from income
tax paid in our foreign operations, which we are allowed to compute for domestic income tax purposes. Upon distribution of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, we would be subject to U.S. federal income taxes if such distribution
exceeds available foreign tax credits. It is not practicable to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these earnings were to be distributed. 
The following table sets forth the blended tax rates for 2011, 2010 and 2009: 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 (in millions, except percentages)
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 








 Income and asset tax expense
    
$
(31.7
) 
 
$
(15.8
) 
 
$
(9.5
) 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 






 As a percentage of income before income and asset tax
    
 
(29.2
)% 
 
 
(22.0
)% 
 
 
(22.3
)% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 Our effective income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
are 27.5%, 30.8% and 26,9%, respectively. Historically, these provisions have adequately provided for our actual income tax liabilities. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries
where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuations of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or by changes or interpretations in tax laws, regulations or
accounting principles.  Stock-based compensation 
During 2008 and 2009, we granted our outside directors restricted shares of our common stock (Restricted
Shares) as part of their compensation, as described in the following table:   







September 30,


 
    
Number of
 

 
    
Restricted
 

 Grant date
    
Shares
 



 January 24, 2008
    
 
600
  

 June 9, 2008
    
 
1,348
  

 June 10, 2009
    
 
2,305
  

 June 10, 2009
    
 
8,350
  
 During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, we did not grant any restricted
share of our common stock.  Under the compensation plan adopted in September 2007, each outside director
is entitled to receive an annual grant of Restricted Shares. Each grant of Restricted Shares vests in full twelve months following the grant date. On September 17, 2007, we awarded two of our outside directors 1,000 Restricted Shares each for
their original grants. On January 24, 2008, we awarded another outside director 600 Restricted Shares for his original grant. On June 9, 2008, we awarded the remaining two outside directors 674 Restricted Shares each for their original
grants.  For the first and second year of board service following the date each outside director received his
initial grant, he or she is entitled to receive a grant of additional Restricted Shares having a value equal to $30,000 and $40,000, respectively. Beginning in 2009, Restricted Shares issuable to the directors during the relevant year were issued on
the date of our annual stockholders meeting. Restricted shares were valued at the closing sale price of our common stock on the day preceding the annual meeting. As a result of moving the grant dates, other than the initial grants to directors
in January and June 2008, we did not issue any Restricted Shares to any of the outside directors in 2008 and, accordingly, made catch up Restricted Share grants on the date of the 2009 stockholders annual meeting. 
In accordance with SFAS 123(R) these Restricted Share awards are measured at the grant-date fair value of our shares as
if these shares were vested and issued on the grant date. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recognized $27,944 of compensation expense related to these awards, which were included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. No expense was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 related to these awards. As of December 31, 2011, the Restricted Shares are fully vested and no longer subject to forfeiture. 
   51 







 The additional grants of shares for fixed amounts of $30,000 and $40,000
were classified as liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet up to June 10, 2009, the issuance date. On June 10, 2009, the Company issued 2,305 and 8,350 shares related to the abovementioned additional Restricted Shares
for the first and second year of board service following the date each outside director received their initial grant, respectively. The 8,350 shares related to the second year vested on June 10, 2010. Non-vested shares awarded to employees are
measured at their fair market value by the grant-date price of our shares. As from the issuance date, the outstanding liabilities amounting to $171,099 as well as all future compensation cost is classified as equity. For the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, we recognized $nil, $37,696, and $85,689, respectively, of compensation expense related to these awards, which are included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income.
 To date, all Restricted Shares have been granted pursuant to our Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option and
Restricted Stock Plan.  In addition, on August 8, 2008, our Board of Directors approved a four year
employee retention program (the 2008 LTRP) payable 50% in cash and 50% in shares, subject to certain performance conditions which were satisfied. Subject to an employees continued employment as of the applicable payment date, the
vesting schedule for awards under the 2008 LTRP is as follows:   


 

 
 Year One  Paid on or before March 31, 2009: 17% (8.5% in cash and 8.5% in common stock); 
 


 

 
 Year Two  Paid on or before March 31, 2010: 22% (11% in cash and 11% in common stock); 
 


 

 
 Year Three  Paid on or before March 31, 2011: 27% (13.5% in cash and 13.5% in common stock); and 
 


 

 
 Year Four  Paid on or before March 31, 2012: 34% (17% in cash and 17% in common stock). 
The compensation cost is recognized in accordance with the graded-vesting attribution method and is accrued up to each
payment date.  The total compensation cost of the 2008 LTRP amounts to approximately $1.6 million, including
cash and shares. The 21,591 shares to be issued in the four years of the plan were valued at the grant-date fair market value of $36.80 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2011, the related accrued compensation expense was
$0.2 million, $0.1 million of which corresponds to the share portion of the award credited to Additional Paid-in Capital and $0.1 million of which corresponds to the cash portion included in the Balance Sheet as Social security
payable. For the year ended December 31, 2010, the related accrued compensation expense was $0.2 million, $0.1 million of which corresponds to the share portion of the award credited to Additional Paid-in Capital and $0.1 million
of which corresponding to the cash portion included in the Balance Sheet as Social security payable. For the year ended December 31, 2009, the related accrued compensation expense was $0.4 million, $0.2 million of which corresponds to
the share portion of the award credited to Additional Paid-in Capital and $0.2 million of which corresponds to the cash portion included in the Balance Sheet as Social security payable. 
On July 15, 2009, June 25, 2010 and August 1, 2011, the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation
of the compensation Committee approved the 2009, the 2010 and the 2011 employee retention programs (the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP). The 2011 LTRP was approved by the Compensation Committee on June 27, 2011. The awards under the 2009,
2010 and 2011 LTRP are fully payable in cash in addition to the annual salary and bonus of each employee.  The
2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP will be paid in 8 equal annual quotas (12.5% each) commencing on March 31, 2010, March 31, 2011 and March 31, 2012, respectively. Each quota is calculated as follows: 
 


 

 
 6.25% of the amount will be calculated in nominal terms (the nominal basis share), 
 


 

 
 6.25% is adjusted by multiplying the nominal amount by the average closing stock price for the last 60 trading days of the year previous to the
payment date and divided by the average closing stock price for the last 60 trading days of 2008, 2009 and 2010 for the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP, respectively. The average closing stock price for the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP amounted to $13.81,
$45.75 and $65.41, respectively (the variable share).  The 2008, 2009, 2010 and
2011 LTRP have performance and/or eligibility conditions to be achieved at each year end and also require the employee to be still employed in the Company at the payment date. 
The 2008 LTRP compensation cost and the variable share compensation cost of the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP are recognized
in accordance with the graded-vesting attribution method and are accrued up to each payment date. The 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP nominal basis share are recognized in straight line bases using the equal annual accrual method. 
   52 







 The following tables summarize the LTRP accrued compensation expense for the
years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 








 LTRP 2008
    
$
98,451
  
    
$
246,357
  
    
$
398,175
  

 LTRP 2009
    
 
1,457,838
  
    
 
1,675,185
  
    
 
1,503,773
  

 LTRP 2010
    
 
1,330,238
  
    
 
1,657,952
  
    
 
  
  

 LTRP 2011
    
 
1,519,760
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 







    
$
4,406,288
  
    
$
3,579,494
  
    
$
1,901,948
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
 On June 25, 2010, our board of directors, upon the recommendation of the
compensation committee of our board, adopted the 2010 Director Compensation Program (the Plan) for outside directors. Under the terms of the 2010 Director Plan, starting in 2011, each outside director will be entitled to receive the
following compensation for services provided as a director of the Company:   


 

 
 an annual fixed cash retainer for service on the board (the Fixed Retainer); 
 


 

 
 an annual fixed cash retainer for service as chairman of the audit committee (the Audit Chairman Retainer), compensation committee (the
Compensation Chairman Retainer), nominating and corporate governance committee (the Nominating Chairman Retainer) and lead independent director (the Lead Director Retainer), as applicable; and
  


 

 
 an annual variable cash retainer based upon the change in our stock price from year to year (the Variable Retainer).
 The amount of the Variable Retainer payable in any year is determined by multiplying the
target Variable Retainer award amount (the Target Variable Retainer) for such year by the quotient of (a) divided by (b), where (a), the numerator, equals the Prior Year Stock Price (as defined below) and (b), the denominator,
equals the Current Year Stock Price (as defined below). For purposes of the 2010 Director Plan, the Applicable Year Stock Price shall equal the average closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market during the 30 trading
day period preceding the date of the annual stockholders meeting held in the year the payment is made and the Prior Year Stock Price shall equal the average closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market during the 30
trading day period preceding the date of our annual stockholders meeting held in the year prior to the year in which the payment is made.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The Fixed Retainer and Target Variable Retainer payable in 2011 following the 2011 annual stockholders meeting for services provided in 2010 are $32,436 and $43,248, respectively. The Audit Chairman
Retainer, Compensation Chairman Retainer, Nominating Chairman Retainer and Lead Director retainer for the same period are $16,218, $12,974, $5,406 and $10,812, respectively. The Fixed Retainer and Target Variable Retainer payable in 2012 following
the 2012 annual stockholders meeting for services provided in 2010 are $37,703 and $50,271, respectively. The Audit Chairman Retainer, Compensation Chairman Retainer, Nominating Chairman Retainer and Lead Director retainer for the same period are
$18,852, $15,081, $6,284 and $12,568, respectively. Under the 2010 Director Plan, the amount of each retainer is scheduled to increase by approximately 16% in 2013. The 2010 Director Plan is scheduled to terminate following the 2013 Annual
Stockholders Meeting.  The total accrued compensation cost for the Plan for the years ended December 31,
2011 and 2010 amounts to $570,950 and $280,247, respectively.  Stock option awards granted under the
Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, (the Plan) are at the discretion of the Companys Board of Directors and may be in the form of either incentive or nonqualified stock options. Outstanding
options granted under the Plan generally vest over a four year period and expire ten years after the date of grant. As of December 31, 2011, there were 275,199 shares of Common Stock available for additional awards under the Plan. 
Stock options are accounted for at their grant date fair value. Fair value of stock options was calculated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. This calculation was affected by the Companys stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. The use of a Black-Scholes model requires extensive actual
employee exercise behavior data and a number of complex assumptions including expected life, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. As a result, the future stock-based compensation expense may differ from historical
amounts.  Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options for the years ended December 31,
2011, 2010 and 2009 was $nil, $244 and $1,752, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense is based on the estimated portion of the awards that are expected to vest. 
As of December 31, 2011, all stock-based compensation expense related to stock options has been recognized.
 No stock options were granted during the period from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2011.

   53 







 Recent accounting pronouncements  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Presentation of Comprehensive Income  On June 16,
2011 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an amendment to disclosures about the presentation of the comprehensive income in the financial statements. The new guidance provides two ways to present the components of the
comprehensive income, in either (a) a continuous statement of comprehensive income, or (b) two separate but consecutive statements. The amended disclosures about the presentation of the comprehensive income in the financial statements are
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011. The Company does not expect the amendment to have a significant impact on the presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
 Fair value measurement and disclosure  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">In May 2011, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that amends some fair value measurement principles and it expands the ASC 820 existing disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The
new guidance states that the concepts of highest and best use and valuation premise are only relevant when measuring the fair value of nonfinancial assets and prohibits the grouping of financial instruments for purposes of determining their fair
values when the unit of account is specified in other guidance. We will adopt this accounting standard upon its effective date for periods beginning on or after December 15, 2011, and do not anticipate that this adoption will have a significant
impact on our financial position or results of operations.  Goodwill Impairment Test 
On September 15, 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an amendment to the guidance on
testing goodwill for impairment. Under the revised guidance, entities testing goodwill for impairment have the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit (i.e., step 1 of the goodwill
impairment test). If entities determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, the two-step impairment test would be required. The accounting standard
update does not change how goodwill is calculated or assigned to reporting units, nor does it revise the requirement to test goodwill annually for impairment. In addition, it does not amend the requirement to test goodwill for impairment between
annual tests if events or circumstances warrant; however, it does revise the examples of events and circumstances that an entity should consider. The amendments are effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2011 and early adoption is permitted. The Company decided to early adopt this new guidance for its financial statements related to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2011. 
Results of operations  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data from our consolidated statement of income. This information should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial
statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this report. 
   54 







  







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 (In millions)
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 








 Net revenues
    
$
298.9
  
  
$
216.7
  
  
$
172.8
  

 Cost of net revenues
    
 
(72.1
) 
  
 
(46.5
) 
  
 
(36.0
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Gross profit
    
 
226.9
  
  
 
170.2
  
  
 
136.9
  






 Operating expenses:
    



  



  









 Product and technology development
    
 
(23.3
) 
  
 
(15.9
) 
  
 
(12.1
) 

 Sales and marketing
    
 
(65.0
) 
  
 
(48.9
) 
  
 
(42.9
) 

 General and administrative
    
 
(38.8
) 
  
 
(30.8
) 
  
 
(25.8
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total operating expenses
    
 
(127.1
) 
  
 
(95.6
) 
  
 
(80.9
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Income from operations
    
 
99.8
  
  
 
74.6
  
  
 
56.0
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Other income (expenses):
    



  



  




 Interest income and other financial gains
    
 
9.9
  
  
 
4.9
  
  
 
2.7
  

 Interest expense and other financial charges
    
 
(3.6
) 
  
 
(7.6
) 
  
 
(13.4
) 

 Foreign currency gains / losses
    
 
2.4
  
  
 
(0.1
) 
  
 
(2.7
) 

 Other income, net
    
 
0.1
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net income before income / asset tax expense
    
 
108.5
  
  
 
71.9
  
  
 
42.7
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Income / asset tax expense
    
 
(31.7
) 
  
 
(15.8
) 
  
 
(9.5
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net income
    
$
76.8
  
  
$
56.0
  
  
$
33.2
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Less: Net Income attributable to Noncontrolling
    
 
.02
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Net income available to common shareholders
    
$
76.8
  
  
$
56.0
  
  
$
33.2
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 The table above may not total due to rounding. 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 (% of net revenues)
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 

 
    
(Unaudited)
 
 
 
 



 Net revenues
    
 
100
% 
 
 
100
% 
 
 
100
% 

 Cost of net revenues
    
 
(24.1
) 
 
 
(21.5
) 
 
 
(20.8
) 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Gross profit
    
 
75.9
  
 
 
78.5
  
 
 
79.2
  






 Operating expenses:
    



 



 









 Product and technology development
    
 
(7.8
) 
 
 
(7.3
) 
 
 
(7.0
) 

 Sales and marketing
    
 
(21.7
) 
 
 
(22.6
) 
 
 
(24.8
) 

 General and administrative
    
 
(13.0
) 
 
 
(14.2
) 
 
 
(15.0
) 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Total operating expenses
    
 
(42.5
) 
 
 
(44.1
) 
 
 
(46.8
) 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Income from operations
    
 
33.4
  
 
 
34.4
  
 
 
32.4
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 






 Other income (expenses):
    



 



 




 Interest income and other financial gains
    
 
3.3
  
 
 
2.3
  
 
 
1.6
  

 Interest expense and other financial charges
    
 
(1.2
) 
 
 
(3.5
) 
 
 
(7.7
) 

 Foreign currency gains/(loss)
    
 
0.8
  
 
 
(0.0
) 
 
 
(1.5
) 

 Other expenses, net
    
 
0.0
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Net income before income / asset tax expenses
    
 
36.3
  
 
 
33.2
  
 
 
24.7
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 






 Income / asset tax expense
    
 
(10.6
) 
 
 
(7.3
) 
 
 
(5.5
) 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Net income
    
 
25.7
  
 
 
25.9
  
 
 
19.2
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 






 Less: Net Income attributable to Noncontrolling
    
 
0.0
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Net income available to common shareholders
    
 
25.7
  
 
 
25.9
  
 
 
19.2
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

   55 







 Principal trends in results of operations 
Growth in net revenues from year to year 
Since our inception, we have consistently generated revenue growth from our MercadoLibre Marketplace and from
MercadoPago, driven by the strong growth of our key operational metrics. From 2009 to 2010, our gross merchandise volume increased by 23.8%, our successful items sold increased by 33.1% and MercadoPago total payment volume increased by 82.3%. From
2010 to 2011, the growth rates for the same key operational metrics were 41.5%, 34.6% and 88.1%, respectively. Our growth in net revenues was 25.4% from 2009 to 2010 and 37.9% from 2010 to 2011. We believe that the growth in net revenues should
continue in the future. However, despite this positive historical trend, current weak global macro-economic environment, coupled with devaluations of certain local currencies in Latin America versus the U.S. dollar, and the effect of Venezuelan
translation and high interest rates in that country, could cause an experience declining year-to-year net revenues, particularly as measured in U.S. dollars.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Gross profit margins  Our business has generated
sustained high gross profit margins over time, as defined by total net revenues minus total cost of net revenues, as a percentage of net revenues. Historically, gains in gross profit margins have been mainly attributable to increased economies of
scale in customer service, Internet Service Provider (ISP) connectivity and site operations and improved economic terms obtained from payment processors. 
Our gross profit margins were 79.2% for 2009, 78.5% for 2010 and 75.9% for 2011. In 2011 and 2010, variations in gross
profit margins are mainly a result of the higher penetration of our payment solution into our marketplace, which has a higher cost of net revenue. In the future, gross profit margins could decline if the cost of net revenues as a percentage of net
revenues increases as the penetration of our payment solution grows faster than our marketplace, or if we cannot sustain the economies of scale that we have achieved.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Improving Operating income margins  We have
generated and expect to continue generating economies of scale in operating expenses. For the past three years, our operating income margins, defined as our income from operations as a percentage of net revenues has improved from 32.4% for 2009 to
34.4% for 2010 and to 33.4% for 2011, mostly as a result of the impact of economies of scale. We anticipate, however, that as we continue to invest in product development, sales and marketing and human resources in order to promote our services and
capture the long term business opportunity offered by the Internet in Latin America, it is increasingly difficult to sustain growth in operating income margins, and at some point in the future we could experience decreasing operating income margins.
 Growth in Net Income  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We have generated growth in our net income as a consequence of the above mentioned trends. In 2009 our net income was $33.2 million. For 2010, our net income grew 68.7% to $56.0 million. For
2011, our net income grew 37.1% to $76.8 million. However, as mentioned above, if any of these trends were to revert, our net income growth could be affected, or could even become negative on a year-to-year basis. 
Year ended December 31, 2011 compared to year ended December 31, 2010  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Net revenues   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2010 to2011
(*)
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Total Net Revenues
    
$
298.9
  
 
$
216.7
  
 
$
82.2
  
    
 
37.9
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
100.0
% 
 
 
100.0
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The 37.9% growth in net revenues from the year ended December 31, 2010 to the year ended December 31, 2011
resulted principally from a 41.5% increase in the gross merchandise volume (GMV) transacted through our platform from 2010 to 2011. This GMV growth resulted from a 34.6% increase in items sold between those years. The increase in GMV and
items sold was partially offset by a decrease in our take rate, which we define as net revenues as a percentage of gross merchandise volume, from 6.36% for the year ended December 31, 2010 to 6.20% for the year ended December 31, 2011. The
decrease in our take rate was primarily due to GMV growing faster than some of our revenue sources not tied to GMV, such as Classifieds and upfront fees. In addition, this GMV growth was positively impacted by U.S. dollars figures mainly due to the
fact that the parallel exchange rate used by our Venezuelan subsidiaries in the first half of 2010 was 6.28 Bolivares Fuertes per U.S. dollar as compared to 5.3 Bolivares Fuertes per U.S. dollar for 2011. See Critical accounting policies and
estimates  Foreign currency translation for more detail. 
   56 







 Measured in local currencies, net revenues grew 34.7% in the year ended
December 31, 2011, compared to the same period in 2010. The local currency revenue growth was calculated by using the average monthly exchange rates for each month during 2010 and applying them to the corresponding months in 2011, so as to
calculate what our financial results would have been had exchange rates remained stable from one year to the next.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The following table summarizes the changes in net revenues by segment for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year EndedDecember 31,
 
    
Change from 2010 to2011
(*)
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Net Revenues:
    



    



    



    




 Brazil
    
$
165.9
  
    
$
122.8
  
    
$
43.1
  
    
 
35.1
% 

 Argentina
    
 
56.7
  
    
 
39.9
  
    
 
16.8
  
    
 
42.2
  

 Venezuela
    
 
34.8
  
    
 
20.9
  
    
 
13.9
  
    
 
66.8
  

 Mexico
    
 
22.3
  
    
 
19.0
  
    
 
3.3
  
    
 
17.5
  

 Other Countries
    
 
19.2
  
    
 
14.2
  
    
 
5.0
  
    
 
35.6
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total Net Revenues
    
$
298.9
  
    
$
216.7
  
    
$
82.2
  
    
 
37.9
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The table above may not total due to rounding. 
On a segment basis, our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2011 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2010, increased across all segments.  The following table sets forth our total net revenues
and the sequential quarterly growth of these net revenues for the periods described below:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Quarter Ended
 

 
    
March 31,
 
 
June 30,
 
 
September 30,
 
 
December 31,
 

 
    
 (in millions, except percentages)
(*)
 



 2011
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
61.5
  
 
$
69.4
  
 
$
81.6
  
 
$
86.5
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
-1
% 
 
 
13
% 
 
 
18
% 
 
 
6
% 

 2010
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
45.9
  
 
$
52.5
  
 
$
56.0
  
 
$
62.3
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
-6
% 
 
 
14
% 
 
 
7
% 
 
 
11
% 

 2009
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
32.3
  
 
$
40.9
  
 
$
50.6
  
 
$
49.0
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
-3
% 
 
 
27
% 
 
 
24
% 
 
 
-3
% 

 2008
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
28.8
  
 
$
34.5
  
 
$
40.3
  
 
$
33.4
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
7
% 
 
 
20
% 
 
 
17
% 
 
 
-17
% 

 2007
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
16.5
  
 
$
19.0
  
 
$
22.8
  
 
$
26.9
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
6
% 
 
 
15
% 
 
 
20
% 
 
 
18
% 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
   57 







 The 2009 fourth quarter decrease in net revenues is a consequence of the
change in our Venezuelan translation rate from the official exchange rate of 2.15 to the parallel exchange rate of 5.67. See Critical accounting policies and estimates  Foreign Currency Translation for more detail. 
Cost of net revenues   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2010 to2011
(*)
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Total cost of net revenues
    
$
72.1
  
 
$
46.5
  
 
$
25.6
  
    
 
54.8
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
24.1
% 
 
 
21.5
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The increase in cost of net revenues was primarily attributable to an $11.2 million increase in collection fees. The
increase in collection fees, which occurred primarily in Brazil and Argentina, was a result of the higher penetration of MercadoPago, our payment solution, which has a higher collection fee cost, into our marketplace. For the year ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010, 27.2% and 20.9%, respectively, of our total gross merchandise volume (excluding motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft and real estate) was completed through MercadoPago. In addition, sales taxes on our net revenues
increased by $6.3 million, or 42.1% for the year ended December 31, 2011, compared to the same period of 2010 as a consequence of an increase in our net revenues. Moreover, during the year ended December 31, 2011 as compared to the
same period in the prior year, expenditures related to our in-house customer support operations increased by $5.4 million, which increase was primarily driven by increases in compensation costs, recruitment, investments in improved service and
initiatives to combat fraud, illegal items and fee evasion. Finally, for the year ended December 31, 2011, as compared to the previous year, bank transfer fees related to MercadoPago, mainly in Brazil, increased by $0.9 million.
 The cost of net revenues margin increased 262 basis points, from 21.5% in 2010 to 24.1% in 2011, primarily as
a result of the higher penetration of our Payment solution into our marketplace.  Product and technology development 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2010 to2011
(*)
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Product and technology development
    
$
23.3
  
 
$
15.9
  
 
$
7.4
  
    
 
47.3
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
7.8
% 
 
 
7.3
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The growth in product and technology development expenses in 2011 as compared to the same periods in 2010 was primarily
attributable to an increase of $2.7 million or a 33.7% increase in compensation costs. These additional compensation expenses were primarily related to the addition of engineers and, to a lesser extent, to increases in salaries, as we continue
to invest in top quality talent to develop enhancements and new features across our platforms. We believe product development is one of our key competitive advantages and intend to continue to invest in adding engineers to meet the increasingly
sophisticated product expectations of our customer base.  Product and technology development expenses also
grew in 2011 as a consequence of an increase in maintenance expenses of $1.9 million compared to 2010, related to the use of cloud computing (AWS), IT consulting fees, real-time monitoring of our applications and the use of content distribution
network (CDN) which is a system of computers containing copies of data placed at various nodes of a network and, an increase in depreciation and amortization expenses related to product and technology development of $1.7 million, or 50.7%
compared to 2010. In addition, there was an increase of $1.1 million, compared to the same period in 2010, in other product and development expenses. 
   58 







 Sales and marketing 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2010 to2011
(*)
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Sales and marketing
    
$
65.0
  
 
$
48.9
  
 
$
16.1
  
    
 
32.9
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
21.7
% 
 
 
22.6
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The increase in sales and marketing expenses in 2011 when compared to the same period in 2010 was primarily attributable
to a $8.8 million or 296.3% increase in other marketing expenses related to MercadoPago chargebacks mainly in Brazil and due to a one-time negative impact related to certain voided or overdrawn checks that were processed by one of
MercadoPagos payments processors in Brazil, which resulted in a loss of $1.6 million in the second quarter of 2011. Sales and marketing expenses also grew as a consequence of $4.1 million increase in bad debt charges. Bad debt
charges for the year ended December 31, 2011 represented 6.3% of net revenues versus 6.9% for the same period in 2010. In addition, sales and marketing expenses grew in 2011, due to a $1.7 million or 18.9% increase in compensation costs
driven by higher salaries to retain talent, and a $1.5 million increase in trust and safety expenses due to the increased use of our buyer protection program developed to compensate buyers for unfulfilled transactions or other claims related to
the quality of the purchased goods. Finally, our business off-line expenses increased $0.2 million year over year.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The increase in sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2011 was partially offset by a $0.5 million decrease in on line expenses as a consequence of decreases in our
affiliate program expenses. Online advertising, including our affiliate program and portal deals expenses, represented 5.8% of our net revenues in the year ended December 31, 2011, down from 8.2% for the same period in 2010. 
General and administrative   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2010 to2011
(*)
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 General and administrative
    
$
38.8
  
 
$
30.8
  
 
$
8.0
  
    
 
25.8
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
13.0
% 
 
 
14.2
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The increase in general and administrative expenses in 2011 as compared to the same period of 2010, was primarily
attributable to a $4.7 million increase in compensation costs mainly related to our long term retention plans, increases in salaries to retain talent, a $2.8 million increase in outside services mainly related to legal and tax fees and a
$1.0 million increase in other general and administrative expenses. The increase in general and administrative expenses was partially offset by a $0.4 million decrease in other office expenses. 
Other income (expenses), net   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2010 to2011
(*)
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Other income (expenses)
    
$
8.7
  
 
$
(2.7
) 
 
$
11.4
  
    
 
417.8
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 As a percentage of net revenues
    
 
2.9
% 
 
 
-1.3
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The increase in other income (expenses) in 2011 was primarily a result of: (a) a $4.0 million decrease in
financial expenses resulting from our determination to pre-sell installment-related financing receivables, which we commenced in the third quarter of 2010; (b) a $5.0 million increase in interest income and other financial charges related
to higher interest income earned on our investments driven by a greater volume of investments and higher interest rates, particularly in Brazil; and (c) a $2.4 million increase in foreign currency gains attributable to the impact of the
local currency appreciation on the cash balances held by our Brazilian and Mexican subsidiaries in U.S. dollars during the year ended December 31, 2011 versus the same period of 2010. 
   59 







 Income and asset tax expense 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2010 to 
2011(*)
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Income and asset tax
    
$
31.7
  
 
$
15.8
  
 
$
15.8
  
    
 
99.9
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
10.6
% 
 
 
7.3
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The $15.8 million increase in our income and asset tax expense from the year ended December 31, 2010 to the same
period in 2011 was primarily a result of increases in income tax charges in all our segments, driven by higher taxable income year over year. For the year ended December 31, 2011, our income and asset tax expense margin is higher as compared to
the same period in the previous year, because in the year ended December 31, 2010 we recognized an income tax gain of $4.6 million due to a reversal of tax valuation allowance related to our Brazilian subsidiaries while during the year
ended December 31, 2011we reversed $2.0 million related to a Brazilian subsidiary acquired in 2001. The reversal of the tax valuation allowance was derived from our tax planning strategies implemented during the year which were designed to more
efficiently use our accumulated tax loss carryforward credits from acquired companies. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2011 as compared to the previous year, our income and asset tax expense margin was negatively impacted by
increases in income tax charge in Brazil as a consequence of permanent tax differences period over period. 
Our blended tax rate is defined as income and asset tax expense as a percentage of income before income and asset tax.
Our effective income tax rate is defined as the provision for income taxes (net of charges related to dividend distribution from foreign subsidiaries which are offset with domestic foreign tax credits) as a percentage of pre-tax income. The
effective income tax rate excludes the effects of the deferred income tax, and the assets and complementary income tax.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The following table summarizes the changes in our blended and effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010: 
 







September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 







 Blended tax rate
    
 
29.2
% 
 
 
22.0
% 

 Effective tax rate
    
 
27.5
% 
 
 
30.8
% 
 Our blended tax rate increased from the year ended December 31, 2010 to the year
ended December 31, 2011 because: (a) in 2010 we recognized an income tax gain of $4.6 million due to a reversal of tax valuation allowance related to our Brazilian subsidiaries while during the year ended December 31, 2011we
reversed $2.0 million related to a Brazilian subsidiary acquired in 2001, (b) in 2011 we recorded an increase of $1.8 million of our domestic deferred tax liabilities mainly as a consequence of temporary differences related to property and
equipment, and to withholding taxes, (c) in 2011 our Argentine taxable income has a lower share of the consolidated taxable income when compared to the same period in 2010, which results in a higher consolidated tax rate as a consequence that
Argentina has a lower tax rate (as we are beneficiary of a software development law) compared to other locations and (d) in 2011 we recorded certain Brazilian non-deductible losses related to voided and/or overdrawn checks processed by a
MercadoPago payments processor as described in our Sales and Marketing discussion.  Our effective tax rate
decreased from year ended December 31, 2010 to the same period in 2011 due to our Brazilian business reorganization generated as part of our tax planning strategy, which permitted us to use tax loss carryforwards in that country and due to a
decrease in the Argentine effective tax rate as described below.  The following table sets forth our effective
income tax rate related to our main locations for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010: 
   60 















September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 







 Effective tax rate by country
    



 








 Argentina
    
 
15.7
% 
 
 
18.2
% 

 Brazil
    
 
30.2
% 
 
 
31.9
% 

 Mexico
    
 
25.5
% 
 
 
33.9
% 

 Venezuela
    
 
35.9
% 
 
 
41.9
% 
 The Companys Argentine subsidiary is a beneficiary of a software development law
granting it a relief of 60% of total income tax determined in each year. Mainly for that reason, our Argentine operations effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 are currently lower than the local
statutory rate of 35%. If we had not been granted the Argentine tax holiday, our Argentine effective income tax rate would have been higher but, in that case, we would have pursued an alternative tax planning strategy. 
The decrease in our Argentine operations effective income tax rate year over year is mainly related to variations
in temporary tax differences.  For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, our Brazilian effective
income tax rate are lower than the local statutory rate of 34% mainly because of the business reorganization generated as part of our tax planning strategy, which permitted us to use tax loss carryforwards in that country. 
For the year ended December 31, 2011, our Mexican effective income tax rate is lower than the local statutory rate
of 30% mainly because of variations in permanent tax differences. For the year ended December 31, 2010, our Mexican effective income tax rate is higher than the local statutory rate mainly as a consequence of temporary and permanent tax
differences.  For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, our Venezuelan effective income tax rates
are higher than the local statutory rate mainly due to losses related to temporary differences generated by the re-measurement of our foreign-currency position computed for tax purposes that cannot be considered for U.S. GAAP purposes (our
Venezuelan subsidiaries functional currency is the U.S. dollar due to a highly inflationary environment).  Our
effective tax rate reflects the tax effect of significant operations outside the United States, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 35%, especially in the case of Argentina, where we have significant operations
with a low effective tax as a consequence of an Argentine tax holiday. A future change in the mix of pretax income from these various tax jurisdictions would impact the Companys periodic effective tax rate. 
We do not expect to have a significant impact in the domestic effective income tax rate related to dividend distributions
from foreign subsidiaries since our strategy is to reinvest our cash surplus in our international operations, and to distribute dividends when they can be offset with available tax credits.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Year ended December 31, 2010 compared to year ended December 31, 2009  Net
revenues   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from2009 to 
2010 (*)
 

 
    
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Total Net Revenues
    
$
216.7
  
 
$
172.8
  
 
$
43.9
  
    
 
25.4
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 







 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
100.0
% 
 
 
100.0
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The 25.4% growth in net revenues from the year ended December 31, 2009 to the year ended December 31, 2010
resulted principally from a 23.8% increase in the gross merchandise volume (GMV) transacted through our platform from 2009 to 2010. In addition, US dollars figures were positively impacted during this year mainly because of the
appreciation of the Brazilian Reais, 
   61 







 
which was partially offset by a decrease in US dollar revenues provided by our Venezuelan subsidiaries as a consequence of the Venezuelan devaluation where we used to report our results at the
previous official exchange rate of 2.15 (for the first nine months of 2009) and currently we are reporting it at 5.3. See Critical accounting policies and estimates  Foreign currency translation for more detail. 
Measured in local currencies, net revenues grew 31.3% in the year ended December 31, 2010, compared to the same
period in 2009. The local currency revenue growth was calculated by using the average monthly exchange rates for each month during 2009 and applying them to the corresponding months in 2010, so as to calculate what our financial results would have
been had exchange rates remained stable from one year to the next.  In addition, net revenues increased
slightly due to an increase in our take rate, defined as net revenues as a percentage of gross merchandise volume, from 6.3% for year ended December 31, 2009 to 6.4% for the year ended December 31, 2010. 
The following table summarizes the changes in net revenues by segment for the years ended December 31, 2010 and
2009:   






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
    
Change from 2009to 2010
(*)
 

 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 
    
in Dollars
 
  
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Net Revenues:
    



    



    



  




 Brazil
    
$
122.8
  
    
$
93.1
  
    
$
29.7
  
  
 
31.9
% 

 Argentina
    
 
39.9
  
    
 
26.7
  
    
 
13.2
  
  
 
49.2
% 

 Venezuela
    
 
20.9
  
    
 
27.3
  
    
 
(6.4
) 
  
 
-23.6
% 

 Mexico
    
 
19.0
  
    
 
15.3
  
    
 
3.6
  
  
 
23.7
% 

 Other Countries
    
 
14.2
  
    
 
10.4
  
    
 
3.8
  
  
 
36.5
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total Net Revenues
    
$
216.7
  
    
$
172.8
  
    
$
43.9
  
  
 
25.4
% 


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
On a segment basis, our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2009, increased across all segments except for the Venezuelan segment which, measured in US dollars, decreased 23.6%. The decrease in net revenues for the Venezuelan segment is attributable to the re-measurement of our Venezuelan
revenues as discussed above. In local currency, our revenues in Venezuela grew 56.9% in the year ended December 31, 2010 compared to the same period a year earlier. 
The following table sets forth our total net revenues and the sequential quarterly growth of these net revenues for the
periods described below:   






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Quarter Ended
 

 
    
March 31,
 
 
June 30,
 
 
September 30,
 
 
December 31,
 

 
    
 (in millions, except percentages)
(*)
 



 2010
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
45.9
  
 
$
52.5
  
 
$
56.0
  
 
$
62.3
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
-6
% 
 
 
14
% 
 
 
7
% 
 
 
11
% 

 2009
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
32.3
  
 
$
40.9
  
 
$
50.6
  
 
$
49.0
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
-3
% 
 
 
27
% 
 
 
24
% 
 
 
-3
% 

 2008
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
28.8
  
 
$
34.5
  
 
$
40.3
  
 
$
33.4
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
7
% 
 
 
20
% 
 
 
17
% 
 
 
-17
% 

 2007
    



 



 



 




 Net Revenues
    
$
16.5
  
 
$
19.0
  
 
$
22.8
  
 
$
26.9
  

 Percent change from prior quarter
    
 
6
% 
 
 
15
% 
 
 
20
% 
 
 
18
% 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The 2009 fourth quarter decrease in net revenues is a consequence of the change in our Venezuelan translation rate from
the official exchange rate of 2.15 to the parallel exchange rate of 5.67. See Critical accounting policies and estimates  Foreign Currency Translation for more detail. 
   62 







 Cost of net revenues 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from2009 to
2010 (*)
 

 
    
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Total cost of net revenues
    
$
46.5
  
 
$
36.0
  
 
$
10.5
  
    
 
29.5
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 







 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
21.5
% 
 
 
20.8
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The increase in cost of net revenues was primarily attributable to a $5.4 million increase in collection fees. The
increase in collection fees, which occurred primarily in Brazil and Argentina, was a result of the higher penetration of MercadoPago, our payment solution, into our marketplace, which has a higher collection fee cost. In addition, sales taxes on our
net revenues increased by $4.3 million, or 39.9% for the year ended December 31, 2010, compared to the same period of 2009 as a consequence of decreases in deductions we can compute with respect to our Brazilian sales taxes. Moreover,
during the year ended December 31, 2010 as compared to the same period in the prior year, expenditures related to our in-house customer support operations increased by $3.3 million primarily driven by an increase in compensation costs,
recruitment, investments in improved service and initiatives to combat fraud, illegal items and fee evasion. The increase in our in-house customer support operations was partially offset by a $2.7 million decrease in other costs mainly related
to a charge attributable to the re-measurement of the US dollar denominated expenses of our Venezuelan subsidiaries during the first nine months of 2009. These expenses were re-measured at an average parallel exchange rate of 6.3 Bolivares
Fuertes per US dollar and translated at the official exchange rate (2.15 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar). We did not have any similar re-measurement charge in 2010 (See Critical accounting policies and estimates 
Foreign currency translation for more detail).  The cost of net revenues margin increased 70 basis
points from 20.8% in 2009 to 21.5% in 2010 due the higher penetration of our Payment solution into our marketplace.  Product and technology
development   






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2009to 2010
(*)
 

 
    
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Product and technology development
    
$
15.9
  
 
$
12.1
  
 
$
3.8
  
    
 
30.6
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 







 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
7.3
% 
 
 
7.0
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The growth in product and technology development expenses in 2010 as compared to the same periods in 2009 was primarily
attributable to an increase of $2.2 million or a 39.0% increase in compensation costs. These additional compensation expenses were primarily related to the addition of engineers and, to a lesser extent, to increases in salaries, as we continue
to invest in top quality talent to develop enhancements and new features across our platforms. We believe product development is one of our key competitive advantages and intend to continue to invest in adding engineers to meet the increasingly
sophisticated product expectations of our customer base.  Product and technology development expenses also
grew in 2010 as a consequence of an increase in depreciation and amortization expenses related to product and technology development of $0.8 million, or 30.3% compared to 2009 and an increase in maintenance expenses of $0.5 million
compared to 2009.  Sales and marketing   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2009to 2010
(*)
 

 
    
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Sales and marketing
    
$
48.9
  
 
$
42.9
  
 
$
6.0
  
    
 
14.0
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
22.6
% 
 
 
24.8
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
   63 







 The increase in sales and marketing expenses in 2010 when compared to the
same period in 2009 was primarily attributable to a $4.9 million increase in bad debt charges. Bad debt charges for the year ended December 31, 2010 represented 6.9% of net revenues versus 5.8% for the same period in 2009. In addition,
sales and marketing expenses also grew in 2010 due to a $1.2 million or 63.5% increase in other marketing expenses related to our payments solution, a $0.9 million or 10.8% increase in compensation costs driven by higher salaries to retain
talent, and a $0.8 million increase in trust and safety expenses due to the implementation of our buyer protection program developed to compensate buyers for unfulfilled transactions or other claims related to the quality of the purchased
goods.  The increase in sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2010 was partially
offset by a $1.4 million decrease in our online advertising expenses related to specific deals, as we have optimized investment allocation over the previous year and also related to decreases in our affiliate program. Online advertising
represented 8.2% of our net revenues in the year ended December 31, 2010, down from 11.1% for the same period in 2009.  General and
administrative   






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2009to 2010
(*)
 

 
    
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 



 General and administrative
    
$
30.8
  
 
$
25.8
  
 
$
5.0
  
    
 
19.3
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 







 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
14.2
% 
 
 
15.0
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The increase in general and administrative expenses in 2010 as compared to the same period of 2009, was primarily
attributable to a $4.1 million increase in compensation costs related to our long term retention plans, increases in salaries to retain talent, to a $1.0 million increase in outside services mainly related to legal and tax fees and to a
$0.6 million increase in travel and accommodation and offices expenses. The increase in general and administrative expenses was partially offset by a $0.9 million decrease in other general and administrative expenses related to the
re-measurement of the US dollar denominated expenses of our Venezuelan subsidiaries at an average parallel exchange rate of 6.3 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar and the translation of these expenses at the official exchange rate (2.15
Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar). We did not have any similar translation effect due to the change in functional currency in the year ended December 31, 2010 (See Critical accounting policies and estimates  Foreign
currency translation for more detail).  Other income (expenses), net 
 






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2009to 2010
(*)
 

 
    
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Other (expenses) income
    
$
(2.7
) 
 
$
(13.3
) 
 
$
10.6
  
    
 
-79.5
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 







 As a percentage of net revenues
    
 
-1.3
% 
 
 
-7.7
% 
 



    



  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The decrease in other expenses in 2010 was primarily a result of: (a) a $5.8 million decrease in financial expenses,
as a consequence of a greater funding of working capital needs for installment-related financing receivables related to our payment solution in 2009, while during 2010 we pre-sold some of those installment related receivables to better manage credit
risk and (b) a $2.6 million decrease in foreign currency losses. The decrease in foreign currency losses for the year ended December 31, 2010, was primarily due to losses in Brazil attributable to the impact of the local currency
appreciation on the cash balances held by those subsidiaries in US dollars during the year ended December 31, 2009, versus a lesser impact in the same period of 2010. 
In addition, interest income and other financial charges increased by $2.2 million from $2.7 million in the
year ended December 31, 2009 to $4.9 million in the same period of 2010. These increases are mainly related to higher interest income earned on our investments driven by higher interest rates and a greater volume of investments,
particularly in Brazil. 
   64 







 Income and asset tax expense 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 
 
Change from 2009to 2010
(*)
 

 
    
2010
 
 
2009
 
 
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Income and asset tax
    
 
15.8
  
 
 
9.5
  
 
 
6.3
  
    
 
66.7
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
 







 As a percentage of net revenues (*)
    
 
7.3
% 
 
 
5.5
% 
 



    






(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The increase in our income and asset tax expense from the year ended December 31, 2009 to the same period in 2010
was primarily a result of increases in income tax charges in Brazil and Argentina, driven by higher taxable income period over period partially offset by a $4.6 million reversal of tax valuation allowance related to our Brazilian subsidiaries.
The reversal of the tax valuation allowance was derived from our tax planning strategies implemented during the year which were designed to more efficiently use our accumulated tax loss carryforward credits from acquired companies. 
Our blended tax rate is defined as income and asset tax expense as a percentage of income before income and asset tax.
Our effective income tax rate is defined as the provision for income taxes (net of charges related to dividend distribution from foreign subsidiaries which are offset with domestic foreign tax credits) as a percentage of pre tax income. The
effective income tax rate excludes the effects of the deferred income tax, and of the Mexican tax called Impuesto Empresarial a Tasa &Uacute;nica (IETU). 
The following table summarizes the changes in our blended and effective tax rate for the years ended December 31,
2010 and 2009:   







September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year
EndedDecember 31,
 

 
    
2010
 
 
2009
 







 Blended tax rate
    
 
22.0
% 
 
 
22.3
% 

 Effective tax rate
    
 
30.8
% 
 
 
26.9
% 
 Factors affecting results of operations and financial condition 
Our total net assets balances as of December 31, 2011 have increased as compared to December 31, 2010 as a
result of our net income of the year in an amount of $76.8 million and other movements affecting shareholders equity.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Assets and liabilities balances relating to operations have in general changed accordingly and as a result of the increase in operations (transactions volume and total value). During the year ended
December 31, 2011, our GMV increased in 41.5%, successful items sold increased 34.6% and total volume payments increased 88.1%.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Assets and liabilities that changed for reasons other than as described above were:   


 

 
 Other non-current assets increased 651.3%, due to a Brazilian deposit in court of 5.1 million related to a City of S&atilde;o Paulo Tax Claim
  


 

 
 Property and equipment, net increased 48.3% as a consequence of a Venezuelan office property acquisition for 6.2 million
  


 

 
 Deferred Tax liabilities increased 67.8% due to property and equipment purchases in U.S. and Venezuelan subsidiaries. 
   65 







 Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties,
expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as online commerce and emerging markets like Latin America. To address these risks and uncertainties, we must, among other things, maintain and
increase the number of our confirmed registered users, items listed on our service and completed transactions, maintain and enhance our brand, implement and execute our business and marketing strategy successfully, continue to develop and upgrade
our technology and information-processing systems, continue to enhance the MercadoLibre and MercadoPago services to meet the needs of a changing market, provide superior customer service, respond to competitive developments, and attract, integrate,
retain and motivate qualified personnel. Accordingly, we intend to invest heavily in marketing and promotion, site development, technology and operating infrastructure development and personnel. We cannot, however, assure you that we will be
successful in accomplishing all of these goals, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Although we have experienced significant revenue growth and significant growth in the number of our confirmed registered
users and items listed by our users in recent periods, such growth rates are not sustainable and will decrease in the future. In view of the rapidly evolving nature of our business and our limited operating history, we believe that period-to-period
comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as indications of future performance.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our operating results have varied on an annual basis during our short operating history and may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside our control. The
following list includes factors that may affect our operating results:   


 

 
 continued growth of online commerce and Internet usage in Latin America; 
 


 

 
 our ability to expand our operations and adapt to rapidly changing technologies; 
 


 

 
 governmental regulation in the countries where we operate, including exchange controls; 
 


 

 
 litigation, legal liability and intellectual property rights enforcement; 
 


 

 
 system interruptions or failures;   


 

 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
 


 

 
 the announcement or introduction of new sites, services and products by us or our competitors, and price competition; 
 


 

 
 reliance on third-party service providers;   


 

 
 increasing consumer confidence in and acceptance of the Internet and other online services for commerce and, in particular, the trading of products
such as those listed on our web site;   


 

 
 security breaches and consumer confidence in the security of transactions over the Internet; 
 


 

 
 consumer trends and popularity of certain categories of items; 
 


 

 
 our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and increase revenues; 
 


 

 
 seasonal fluctuations; and   


 

 
 political, social and economic conditions in Latin America, particularly Venezuela, including foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
 Also see Item 1A Risk Factors for a discussion of material risks that
could adversely affect our results of operations.  Liquidity and capital resources 
Our main cash requirement historically has been working capital to fund our MercadoPago financing operation in Brazil. We
also require cash for capital expenditures relating to technology infrastructure, software applications and office space and also in the future require cash to pay dividends on shares of our common stock. 
Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through contributions received from our stockholders during
our first two years of operations, from funds raised during our initial public offering, and from cash generated from our operations. We have funded MercadoPago by discounting credit card receivables, with loans backed with credit card receivables
and through cash advances derived from our business. 
   66 







 At December 31, 2011, our principal source of liquidity was
$142.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments and $43.9 million of long-term investments provided by cash generated from operations. 
The significant components of our working capital are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts
receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, funds receivable from and payable to MercadoPago users, and short-term debt. As long as we continue transferring credit card receivables to financial institutions in return for cash, as we have done
since the last quarter of 2008, we will continue generating cash.  In the event we change the way we manage
our business, the working capital needs could be funded, as we did in the past, through a combination of the sale of credit card coupons to financial institutions, loans backed by credit card receivables and cash advances from our business.
 The following table presents our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing
activities for the three years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 (In millions)
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 








 Net cash provided by (used in):
    



  



  




 Operating activities
    
$
89.4
  
  
$
67.9
  
  
$
49.7
  

 Investing activities
    
 
(66.9
) 
  
 
(58.8
) 
  
 
(3.1
) 

 Financing activities
    
 
(10.6
) 
  
 
(3.0
) 
  
 
(15.3
) 

 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents
    
 
(1.4
) 
  
 
0.9
  
  
 
1.0
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
    
$
10.6
  
  
$
7.0
  
  
$
32.3
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 
    
Change from 2010 to 2011 (*)
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Net Cash provided by:
    



    



    



    




 Operating activities
    
$
89.4
  
    
$
67.9
  
    
$
21.5
  
    
 
31.7
% 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The $21.5 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2011
compared to the same period in 2010 was mainly attributable to a $20.8 million increase in net income. Additionally, net cash provided by operating activities was impacted by a $2.3 million increase in changes in accounts payable, accrued
expenses and other liabilities related to our Brazilian and Argentine operations, a $7.8 million increase in non-cash charges primarily attributable to deferred tax assets related to the reversal of our Brazilian tax valuation allowance (See
Income and Asset tax for more detail) and depreciation and amortization.  These increases in cash
provided by operations were partially offset by a $3.1 million increase in other assets in the year ended December 31, 2011 versus the same period of 2010, a $2.2 million increase in changes in account receivables in the year ended
December 31, 2011 versus the same period of 2010 and a $4.8 million decrease in working capital related to our payments solution, derived mostly from higher increases of credit card receivables than our funds payable to customers due to a
higher amount of transactions in 2011.   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 
    
Change from 2009 to 2010
 

 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 
    
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
 (in millions, except percentages)
(*)
 









 Net Cash provided by:
    



    



    



    










 Operating activities
    
$
67.9
  
    
$
49.7
  
    
$
18.2
  
    
 
36.6
% 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
   67 







 The $18.2 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities
during the year ended December 31, 2010 compared to the same period in 2009 was mainly attributable to a $22.8 million increase in net income. Additionally, net cash provided by operating activities was impacted by a $1.0 million
increase in changes in accounts payable and other liabilities related to our Brazilian and Argentine operations and a $1.7 million increases in working capital related to our Payment solution, derived mostly from increases of funds payable to
customers due to a higher amount of transactions in 2010.  These increases in cash provided by operations were
partially offset by a $4.1 million increase in changes in account receivables in the year ended December 31, 2010 versus the same period of 2009, and a $3.4 million increase in non-cash gains such as deferred income tax charges
related to the reversal of our Brazilian tax valuation allowance (See Income and Asset tax for more detail).  Net cash used in
investing activities   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 
  
Change from 2010 to 2011 (*)
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
in Dollars
 
  
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Net Cash used in:
    



  



  



  










 Investing activities
    
$
(66.9
) 
  
$
(58.8
) 
  
$
(8.0
) 
  
 
13.7
% 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
Net cash used in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2011 resulted mainly from purchases of
investments for $379.0 million; the increase in cash used in investment activities was partially offset by proceeds from the sale and maturity of $336.8 million of investments as part of our financial strategy. Additionally, we used $24.7
million to make capital expenditures related to (a) the purchase of a new office in Venezuela for approximately $6.6 million and (b) the purchase of the 60% ownerrship interests in Autoplaza.com for approximately $5.5 million,
and (c) technological equipment, software licenses, new office space in Argentina and office equipment in Brazil, Colombia and Mexico.   






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 
  
Change from 2009 to 2010
 

 
    
2010
 
  
2009
 
  
in Dollars
 
  
in %
 

 
    
 (in millions, except percentages)
(*)
 









 Net Cash used in:
    



  



  



  










 Investing activities
    
$
(58.8
) 
  
$
(3.1
) 
  
$
(55.7
) 
  
 
1806.3
% 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
Net cash used in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2010 resulted mainly from purchases of
investments for $121.3 million. Additionally, we used $13.6 million of cash in the year ended December 31, 2010 to make capital expenditures related to technological equipment, software licenses and new office space and office equipment in
Argentina. During the year ended December 31, 2010, the increase in cash used in investment activities was partially offset by proceeds from the sale and maturity of $76.1 million of investments as part of our financial strategy.
 As of December 31, 2009, net cash used in investing activities resulted primarily from purchases of
investments for $80.1 million. Additionally, in the year ended December 31, 2009, we used $4.8 million of cash for capital expenditures related to technological equipment, software licenses and, to a lesser degree, office equipment.
During the year ended December 31, 2009, the increase in cash used in investment activities was partially offset by proceeds from the sale and maturity of $81.7 million of investments as part of our financial strategy. 
   68 







 Net cash used in financing activities 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 
  
Change from 2010 to 2011 (*)
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
in Dollars
 
  
in %
 

 
    
(in millions, except percentages)
 









 Net Cash used in:
    



  



  



  










 Financing activities
    
$
(10.6
) 
  
$
(3.0
) 
  
$
(7.6
) 
  
 
254.9
% 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
For the year ended December 31, 2011, our primary use of cash was to fund the $10.6 million quarterly cash
dividends paid on April 15, July 15 and October 15, 2011 while during 2010 our primary use of cash for financing activities was a reduction in short term debt as we paid $3.0 million of notes outstanding which were issued in
connection with the DeRemate acquisition.   






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 
  
Change from 2009 to 2010
 

 
    
2010
 
  
2009
 
  
in Dollars
 
    
in %
 

 
    
 (in millions, except percentages)
(*)
 









 Net Cash used in:
    



  



  



    










 Financing activities
    
$
(3.0
) 
  
$
(15.3
) 
  
$
12.3
  
    
 
-80.5
% 
  


(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
For the year ended December 31, 2010, our primary use of cash for financing activities was a reduction in short term
debt as we paid $3.2 million of notes outstanding which were issued in connection with the DeRemate acquisition. In the event that we decide to pursue strategic acquisitions in the future, we may fund them with available cash, third party debt
financing, or by raising equity capital, as market conditions allow.  In the event that we decide to pursue
strategic acquisitions in the future, we may fund them with available cash, third party debt financing, or by raising equity capital, as market conditions allow.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Debt  As of December 31, 2011, the Company recorded
$3.5 million of dividends payable to its stockholders. In addition, as of December 31, 2011, our outstanding debt of $0.4 million is related to Argentine car lease contracts. See Contractual obligations below for more
information.  As of December 31, 2010, our outstanding debt of $0.2 million is related to an
Argentine car lease contract. See Contractual obligations for more detail.  Cash Dividends 
In November 2011, our Board of Directors declared the fourth quarterly cash dividend in our history by approving an
aggregate $3.5 million cash dividend on our outstanding shares of common stock (or $0.08 per share). The dividend was paid on January 17, 2012 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 31, 2011. During the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, the Company approved cash dividends for a total amount of $14.1 million or $0.32 per share. On February, 17 2012, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $4.8 million on our outstanding
shares of common stock. The dividend is payable on April 16, 2012 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 30, 2012.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We currently expect to continue paying comparable cash dividends on a quarterly basis. However, any future determination as to the declaration of dividends on our common stock will be made at the
discretion of our board of directors.  Capital expenditures 
Our capital expenditures increased $11.1 million, to $24.7 million in 2011 as compared to $13.6 million in
2010, mainly due to the acquisition of a new office property located in Caracas, Venezuela for approximately $6.6 million, and due to a $5.5 million that we recorded as payment for the 60% of Autoplaza acquisition, as described above in the
sections Liquidity and Capital resources and Net cash used in investing activities and due to information technology investments made during the year ended December 31, 2011. The Company increased the level of investment
on hardware and software licenses necessary to improve and update the technology of our platform, cost of computer software developed internally and office equipment for new office space in Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Venezuela. We anticipate
continued investments in capital expenditures related to information technology in the future as we strive to maintain our position in the Latin American e-commerce market. 
In 2008, our Argentine subsidiary invested in a real estate trust. The investment in this trust was approximately of $9.8
million and represented 5,340 square meters divided in five floors of an office building and 70 parking spots under construction in the City of Buenos Aires, Argentina. In February 2011, we moved our office headquarters. 
   69 







 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, including the sale
of credit card receivables and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, property and equipment expenditures and to pay or repay obligations going forward. 
Off-balance sheet arrangements  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">At December 31, 2011, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with unconsolidated entities for the purpose of facilitating contractually narrow or limited purposes.
 Contractual obligations  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We have certain fixed contractual obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments. Changes in our business needs, cancellation provisions and other factors may result in actual payments
differing materially from the estimates below. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amount of payments. Below, the contractual obligations table is a summary of the most significant assumptions used in our determination of amounts
presented in the table. Contractual obligations at December 31, 2011 are as follows:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Payment due by period
 

 
    
 
 
    
Less than
 
    
1 to 3
 
    
3 to 5
 
    
More than
 

 (in millions)
    
Total
 
    
1 year
 
    
Years
 
    
years
 
    
5 years
 



 Capital lease obligations (1)
    
$
0.3
  
    
$
0.2
  
    
$
0.1
  
    
$
  
  
    
$
  
  

 Operating lease obligations (2)
    
 
4.2
  
    
 
1.6
  
    
 
2.3
  
    
 
0.3
  
    
 
  
  

 Purchase obligations
    
 
7.4
  
    
 
6.8
  
    
 
0.6
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 








 Total
    
$
11.9
  
    
$
8.6
  
    
$
3.0
  
    
$
0.3
  
    
$
  
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  


(1)
 On February 22, 2010, our Argentine subsidiary signed a Company car lease contract to buy 12 cars for certain employees of the Company. The
total lease contract amounts to $0.2 million and matures in July 2013.  In
addition, during September 2011, our Argentine subsidiary signed another car lease contract to buy 8 cars for certain employees of the Company. The total lease contract amounts to $0.2 and matures in September 2014. 
 


(2)
 Includes leases of office space.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">We have leases for office space in certain countries in which we operate and leases for Company cars in Argentina. These are our only operating leases. Purchase obligation amounts include minimum purchase
commitments for advertising, capital expenditures (technological equipment and software licenses) and other goods and services that were entered into in the ordinary course of business. We have developed estimates to project payment obligations
based upon historical trends, when available, and our anticipated future obligations. Given the significance of performance requirements within our advertising and other arrangements, actual payments could differ significantly from these estimates.
  


ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
We are exposed to market risks arising from our business operations. These market risks arise mainly from the possibility
that changes in interest rates and the US dollar exchange rate with local currencies, particularly the Brazilian reais due to Brazils share of our revenues, may affect the value of our financial assets and liabilities. 
Foreign Currencies Risk  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">At December 31, 2011, we hold cash and cash equivalents in local currencies in our subsidiaries, and have receivables denominated in local currencies in all of our operations. Our subsidiaries
generate revenues and incur most of their expenses in local currency. As a result, our subsidiaries use their local currency as their functional currency, except for our Venezuelan subsidiaries which functional currency is the US dollar due to a
highly inflationary accounting. At December 31, 2011, the total cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies totaled $34.2 million, short-term investments denominated in foreign currencies totaled $72.3 million, and
accounts receivable and funds receivable from customers in foreign currencies totaled $40.4 million. To manage exchange rate risk, our treasury policy is to transfer most cash and cash equivalents in excess of working capital requirements into
dollar-denominated accounts in the United States. At December 31, 2011, our dollar-denominated cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $35.9 million and our dollar-denominated long-term investments totaled
$43.9 million. For the year ended December 31, 2011, we obtained foreign currency gains in the amount of $2.4 million as the cash 
   70 







 and investment balances of the subsidiaries held in US dollars appreciated in local current
terms. (See Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Results of operations for the Year ended December 31, 2011, compared to year ended December 31, 2010  Other income
(expenses) for more detail).  In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we have transitioned our Venezuelan
operations to highly inflationary status as of January 1, 2010 and have been using the U.S. dollar as the functional currency for these operations since then. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, translation adjustments for prior periods were not
removed from equity and the translated amounts for nonmonetary assets at December 31, 2010 become the accounting basis for those assets. Monetary assets and liabilities in Bolivares Fuertes were re-measured to the U.S. dollar at the
closing parallel exchange rate and the results of the operations in Bolivares Fuertes were re-measured to the U.S. dollar at the average monthly parallel exchange rate. 
During 2010 and previous years we were able to obtain U.S. dollars using alternative mechanisms other than the CADIVI.
These dollars, obtained at a higher exchange rate than the one offered by CADIVI, and held in balance at U.S. bank accounts of our Venezuelan subsidiaries, were used for dividend distributions from our Venezuelan subsidiary. As a result, during
2010, lack of CADIVI approval did not restrict our ability to distribute the full amount of our retained earnings as dividends related to fiscal years 2008 ($0.8 million), and 2009 ($1.8 million). In addition, during 2011, our Venezuelan
subsidiary distributed dividends related to earnings for fiscal year 2010, using existing cash balances held in the U.S. bank accounts for a $4.2 million.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">As of December 31, 2011, the net assets of our Venezuelan subsidiaries (before intercompany eliminations) amount to approximately 9.3% of our consolidated net assets, and cash and investments of our
Venezuelan subsidiaries held in local currency in Venezuela amount only to approximately 7.6% of our consolidated cash and investments.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Although, the current mechanisms available to obtain U.S. dollars for dividends distributions to shareholders outside Venezuela imply increased restrictions, the Company does not expect that the current
restrictions to purchase dollars have a significant adverse effect on its business plans with regard to the investment in Venezuela.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">If the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign-currency-denominated transactions will result in increased net revenues, operating expenses, and net income while
the re-measurement of our net asset position in U.S. dollars will have a negative impact in our Statement of Income. Similarly, our net revenues, operating expenses and net income will decrease if the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign
currencies, while the re-measurement of our net asset position in U.S. dollars will have a positive impact in our Statement of Income.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The following table summarizes the percentages of consolidated net revenues by segment:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 (% of total consolidated net revenues)
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 



 Brazil
    
 
55.5
% 
 
 
56.7
% 
 
 
53.9
% 

 Argentina
    
 
19.0
  
 
 
18.4
  
 
 
15.5
  

 Venezuela
    
 
11.6
  
 
 
9.6
  
 
 
15.8
  

 Mexico
    
 
7.5
  
 
 
8.8
  
 
 
8.9
  

 Other Countries
    
 
6.4
  
 
 
6.5
  
 
 
6.0
  



(*)
 Percentages have been calculated using whole-dollar amounts rather than rounded amounts that appear in the table. 
The table above may not total due to rounding. 
The table below shows the impact on the Companys Net Revenues, Expenses, Other income and Income tax, Net Income
and Shareholders Equity for a positive or negative 10% fluctuation on all the foreign currencies against the US dollars to which we are exposed as of December 31, 2011 and for the year ended December 31, 2011: 
   71 







 Foreign Currency Sensitivity Analysis 
Foreign Currency Sensitivity Analysis   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 (In millions)
    
-10%
 
  
Actual
 
  
10%
 

 
    
(1)
 
  
 
 
  
(2)
 



 Net revenues
    
 
332.0
  
  
 
298.9
  
  
 
271.9
  

 Expenses
    
 
(221.1
) 
  
 
(199.2
) 
  
 
(181.2
) 

 Income from operations
    
 
110.9
  
  
 
99.8
  
  
 
90.7
  

 Other income (expenses) and income tax related to P&L items
    
 
(27.9
) 
  
 
(25.3
) 
  
 
(23.2
) 

 Foreign Currency impact related to the remeasurement of our Net Asset position
    
 
(3.3
) 
  
 
2.4
  
  
 
7.0
  

 Net income
    
 
79.7
  
  
 
76.8
  
  
 
74.5
  






 Less: Net Income attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
    
 
0.02
  
  
 
0.02
  
  
 
0.01
  






 Net income attributable to MercadoLibre, Inc.
    
 
79.7
  
  
 
76.8
  
  
 
74.5
  






 Total Shareholders Equity
    
 
229.2
  
  
 
219.2
  
  
 
211.0
  
  


(1)
 Appreciation of the subsidiaries local currency against U.S. Dollar 


(2)
 Depreciation of the subsidiaries local currency against U.S. Dollar 
The table above may not total due to rounding 
The table above shows an increase in our net income when the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies because the
re-measurement of our net asset position in U.S. dollars has a lesser impact than the increase in net revenues, operating expenses, and other income (expenses) and income tax lines related to the translation effect. Similarly, the table above
shows a decrease in our net income when the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies because the re-measurement of our net asset position in U.S. dollars has a lesser impact than the decrease in net revenues, operating expenses, and other
income (expenses) and income tax lines related to the translation effect.  In the past we have entered
into transactions to hedge portions of our foreign currency translation exposure but during 2011, 2010 and 2009 we did not enter into any such agreement.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Interest Rate Risk  Our earnings and cash flows are
also affected by changes in interest rates. These changes can have an impact on our interest expenses derived from selling our MercadoPago receivables. At December 31, 2011, MercadoPagos funds receivable from customers totaled
approximately $23.9 million. Interest fluctuations could also negatively affect certain of our fixed rate and floating rate investments comprised primarily of time deposits, money market funds, investment grade corporate debt securities, and
sovereign debt securities. Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning products carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates,
while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall.  Under our
current policies, we do not use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes. As of December 31, 2011, the average duration of our available for sale securities, defined as the approximate percentage change
in price for a 100-basis-point change in yield, is 3.04%. If interest rates were to instantaneously increase (decrease) by 100 basis points, the fair market value of our available for sale securities as of December 31, 2011 could decrease
(increase) by approximately $1.4 million.  Our short-term and long-term investments, which are
classified on our balance sheet as current assets in the amount of $74.9 million and as non-current assets in the amount of $43.9 million, respectively, can be readily converted at any time into cash or into securities with a shorter
remaining time to maturity. We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of purchase and re-evaluate such designations as of each balance sheet date. 
Equity Price Risk  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our board of directors adopted the 2009, 2010 and 2011 long-term retention plan (the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP) payable as follows: 
 


 

 
 eligible employees will receive a fixed cash payment equal to 6.25% of his or her 2009 and/or 2010 and/or 2011 LTRP bonus once a year for a
period of eight years starting in 2010 and/or 2011 and/or 2012 (the 2009, 2010 and 2011 Annual Fixed Payment); and   
   72 










 

 
 on each date we pay the Annual Fixed Payment to an eligible employee, he or she will also receive a cash payment (the 2009, 2010 and 2011
Variable Payment) equal to the product of (i) 6.25% of the applicable 2009 and/or 2010 and/or 2011 LTRP bonus and (ii) the quotient of (a) divided by (b), where (a), the numerator, equals the Applicable Year Stock Price (as
defined below) and (b), the denominator, equals the 2008, 2009 and 2010 Stock Price, defined as $13.81, $45.75 and $65.41 for the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP, respectively, which was the average closing price of the Companys common stock on the
NASDAQ Global Market during the final 60 trading days of 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively. The Applicable Year Stock Price shall equal the average closing price of the Companys common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market during the
final 60 trading days of the year preceding the applicable payment date.  The 2009, 2010 and
2011 variable payment LTRP liability subjects us to equity price risk. At December 31, 2011, the total contractual obligation fair value of our 2009, 2010 and 2011 Variable Payment LTRP liability amounts to $12.6 million. As of
December 31, 2011, the accrued liability related to the 2009, 2010 and 2011 Variable Payment portion of the LTRP included in Social security payable in our condensed consolidated balance sheet amounts to $5.8 million. The following table shows
a sensitivity analysis of the risk associated with our total contractual obligation related to the 2009, 2010 and 2011 Variable Payment if our stock price were to increases or decreases by up to 40%. 
 







September 30,



September 30,


 
    
As of December 31, 2011
 

 (In US dollars)
    
MercadoLibre, IncEquity Price
 
    
2009, 2010 and 2011variable LTRPliability
 







 Change in equity price in percentage
    



    




 40%
    
 
108.88
  
    
 
17,700,811
  

 30%
    
 
101.10
  
    
 
16,436,467
  

 20%
    
 
93.33
  
    
 
15,172,123
  

 10%
    
 
85.55
  
    
 
13,907,780
  

 Static(*)
    
 
77.77
  
    
 
12,643,436
  

 -10%
    
 
70.00
  
    
 
11,379,092
  

 -20%
    
 
62.22
  
    
 
10,114,749
  

 -30%
    
 
54.44
  
    
 
8,850,405
  

 -40%
    
 
46.66
  
    
 
7,586,062
  



(*)
 Average closing stock price for the last 60 trading days of the closing date 
 


ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes listed in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) of this report are included elsewhere in this report and incorporated herein by reference.
  


ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
Not applicable.   


ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  Based on the evaluation of our disclosure control and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)
that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   73 







 Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Managements assessment included evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. Based on
its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control  Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2011 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We reviewed the results of managements assessment with the Audit
Committee of our Board of Directors.  The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2011 has been audited by Deloitte & Co. S.R.L., an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all
error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control systems objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements
due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur
because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on
certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to
future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 


ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Not applicable.  PART III 
 


ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement for our 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2011 (the 2012 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference.   


ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The information required by this item is included in the 2012 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.   


ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 
Except as set forth below, the information required by this item is included in the 2012 Proxy Statement and is
incorporated herein by reference. 
   74 







 The following table represents information as of December 31, 2011 with
respect to equity compensation plans under which shares of the Companys common stock are authorized for issuance:   







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Equity Compensation Plan Information
 

 Plan Category
    
Number ofsecurities<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">to be issueduponexerciseofoutstanding<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">options,Warrantsand Rights
 
    
Weighted-averageexercise price ofoutstanding options,Warrants andrights

 
    
Number ofsecuritiesremainingavailable forfutureissuanceunder<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">equitycompensationplans(excludingsecuritiesreflected incolumn (a))
 

 
    
(a)
 
    
(b)
 
    
(c)
 








 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1)
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
275,199
  






 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders(2)
    
 
5,813
  
    
 
1.50
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 






 Total
    
 
5,813
  
    
 
1.50
  
    
 
275,199
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  


(1)
 Represents our 2009 Equity Compensation which was approved by our stockholders on June 10, 2009 


(2)
 Our Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan was entered into prior to our IPO. 
Description of Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan 
Our Amended and Restricted 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the Stock Option Plan) was adopted by
the Board on November 3, 1999. The Stock Option Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code), to our
employees, and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock to our employees, directors, agents, advisors, independent consultants and contractors. Incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options are referred to as stock
options, and together with restricted stock are referred to as awards. The Stock option Plan expired on November 3, 2009 and as a result, no new awards may be made under this plan. However, any outstanding awards at the
expiration shall remain in effect until the earlier of the exercise, termination or expiration of such outstanding awards. At December 31, 2011, options to purchase a total of 5,813 shares of common stock were outstanding under the Stock Option
Plan at a weighted average price of $1.50 per share.  Number of shares of common stock available under the
stock option plan . A total of 4,732,400 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the Stock Option Plan. Shares covered by awards that are forfeited or terminated without exercise will be available for future awards. The
shares of common stock issuable under the Stock Option Plan shall be (1) authorized but unissued shares, (2) shares of common stock held in our treasury, or (3) a combination of (1) and (2). 
Administration of the stock option plan . The Stock Option Plan is administered by our Board or a committee
appointed by the Board (the body in charge of administering the Stock Option Plan is referred to as the administrator). If the common stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, the board shall consider in
selecting the administrator and the membership of any committee acting as administrator the provisions of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code regarding outside directors and the provisions of Rule 16b-3 under the
Exchange Act regarding non-employee directors. The administrator determines the recipients of awards, times at which awards are granted, number of shares subject to each type of award, the time for vesting of each award and the duration
of the exercise period for options.  Price, exercise and termination of awards. The exercise price for each share of
common stock subject to an option is determined by the administrator, and in the case of an incentive stock option the exercise price cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value of the shares of common stock on the date of the grant (or 110%
in the case of employees who directly or indirectly own more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock).  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Options are exercisable on their vesting date, which is determined by the administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement governing any particular option. Vesting dates can be accelerated on the
occurrence of a specified event, as provided in an Award Agreement, or can be accelerated at the discretion of the administrator. 
   75 







 If a participant in the Stock Option Plan ceases to be employed or perform
services for us, we have the right to repurchase any unvested shares at the exercise price paid per share. The terms and procedures of a repurchase are to be set forth in the Award Agreement that governs the relevant unvested shares. 
If an option expires or is terminated or canceled without having been exercised it shall become null and void and of no
further force and effect. The term of an option may not exceed beyond the tenth anniversary on which the option is granted (or the fifth anniversary in the case of incentive stock options granted to employees who directly or indirectly own 10% of
the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock.) An option terminates 30 days after a participant ceases to be an employee or director as a result of a termination without cause, and after 10 days of termination in the case of
a termination for cause. Cause includes the conviction of a crime involving fraud, theft, dishonesty or moral turpitude, the participants continuous disregard of or willful misconduct in carrying lawful instructions of superiors, continued use
of alcohol or drugs that interfered with the performance of the participants duties, the conviction of participant for committing a felony or similar foreign crime, and any other cause for termination set forth in a participants
employment agreement. An option terminates 10 days after a participant ceases to be an independent consultant, contractor or advisor to us or agent of ours for any reason. It also terminates three months after the death or permanent disability of a
participant, or, if the participant is a party to an employment agreement, the disability of such participant as defined in the employment agreement. Other reasons for termination may be set out in the Award Agreement. 
An option will not be considered an incentive stock option to the extent that the aggregate fair market value (on the
date of the grant of the incentive stock option) of all stock with respect to which incentive stock options are exercisable for the first time by a participant during any calendar year is greater than $100,000. No option shall be affected by a
change of duties or position of a participant (including transfer to our subsidiaries) as long as the participant continues to be our employee or an employee of our subsidiaries. 
Adjustments upon the occurrence of material transactions. In the event we undergo dissolution or liquidation, a
reorganization, merger or consolidation in which we are not the surviving entity, or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets (each, a Material Transaction) holders of options will be given 10-day prior written notice and will
decide within those 10 days whether to exercise their respective options. Any option that is not so exercised will terminate. However, such notice and exercise mechanism would not apply if provision is made in connection with a Material
Transaction for assumption of outstanding options, or substitution of options for new options or equity securities, with any appropriate adjustments as to the number, kind and prices of shares subject to options. 
Transferability. Unless the prior written consent of the administrator is obtained, no option can be assigned or
otherwise transferred by any participant except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Except in the case of an approved transfer, an option may be exercised during the lifetime of a participant only by the participant or his/her legal
representative if the participant is legally disabled.  Restricted stock. Restricted stock awards are
awards of shares of common stock that vest according to the terms and conditions established by the administrator. The administrator may impose whatever restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other restrictions as it determines. A
holder of restricted stock has the rights of a stockholder, including the right to vote the restricted stock. During the restricted period applicable to the restricted stock, it may not be sold, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, margined or
otherwise encumbered. Except as otherwise determined by the administrator, restricted stock that is subject to restrictions is subject to forfeiture upon termination of a participants employment. 
Amendment. The Board may modify the Stock Option Plan at any time. The approval by a majority of our stockholders
is necessary if required by law or necessary to comply with any applicable laws and regulations. No amendment will affect the terms of any award granted prior to the effectiveness of such amendment, except with the consent of the holder of the
award.   


ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
The information required by this item is included in the 2012 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
  


ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The information required by this item is included in the 2012 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   76 







 PART IV  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   


 
(a)
 Financial Statements and Schedules. The following financial statements and schedules are included in this report:
  







September 30,


 
    
Page
 






 Consolidated Financial Statements
    







 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
 
F-1
  




 Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2011 and 2010
    
 
F-3
  




 Consolidated statements of income for the three years ended December 31, 2011
    
 
F-4
  




 Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity for the three years ended December 31,
2011
    
 
F-5
  




 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2011
    
 
F-8
  




 Notes to consolidated financial statements
    
 
F-9
  
  


 
(b)
 Exhibits. The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed below. 
 








 ExhibitNumber
  
 Exhibit Title






3.01
  
Registrants Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1)




3.02
  
Registrants Amended and Restated Bylaws. (1)




4.01
  
Form of Specimen Certificate for Registrants Common Stock (5)




4.02
  
Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 24, 2001, by and among the Registrant and the investors named therein. (1)




10.01
  
Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into by Registrant with each of its directors and executive officers. (2)




10.02
  
Concession Contract, dated as February 7, 2007, between Borders Parking S.R.L. and MercadoLibre S.A. (1)




10.03
  
Management Incentive Bonus Plan of the Registrant. (2)




10.04
  
Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (2)




10.05
  
Employment Agreements with Officers.(2)




10.06
  
Form of Restricted Stock Award for Outside directors. (3)




10.07
  
Employment Agreement with Osvaldo Gimenez, dated as of March 26, 2008* (5)




10.08
  
2009 Equity Compensation Plan* (7)




10.09
  
2008 Long-Term Retention Plan (6)




10.10
  
2009 Long-Term Retention Plan (6)




10.11
  
Property Lease Agreement, dated February 1, 2011, between MercadoLibre Colombia S.A and Mongiana Ltda* (9)




10.12
  
Property Lease Agreement, dated July 6, 2010 between MercadoLivre.com Atividades de Internet Ltda. and STM Sociedade T&eacute;cnica de Montageus Ltda.* (9)




10.13
  
2010 Long-Term Retention Plan.(11)




10.14
  
2011 Long-Term Retention Plan.(12)




10.15
  
Agreement dated June 2, 2011 entered into by MercadoLibre Venezuela S.A. a subsidiary of MercadoLibre, Inc. with Inversiones 1182450 C.A., to acquire an office property in Caracas,
Venezuela (10)

   77 







  








 ExhibitNumber
  
 Exhibit Title






21.01
  
List of Subsidiaries*




23.01
  
Consent of Deloitte & Co. S.R.L., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm*




23.02
  
Consent of Price Waterhouse & Co. S.R.L., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm*




31.01
  
CEO Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*




31.02
  
CFO Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*




32.01
  
CEO Certification required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**




32.02
  
CFO Certification required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**




101.INS
  
XBRL Instance Document***




101.SCH
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document***




101.CAL
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document***




101.LAB
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document***




101.PRE
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document***




101.DEF
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document***
  


*
 Filed Herewith 


**
 Furnished Herewith 


***
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under
those sections. 


(1)
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of MercadoLibre, Inc. filed on May 11, 2007 


(2)
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of MercadoLibre, Inc. filed on July 13, 2007



(3)
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of MercadoLibre, Inc. filed on January 25, 2008



(4)
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2008 


(5)
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 filed on February 27, 2009



(6)
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2009 


(7)
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 11, 2009 


(8)
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 filed on February 26, 2010



(9)
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 filed on February 25, 2011



(10)
 Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 filed on August 9, 2011



(11)
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2010 


(12)
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2011 
   78 







 SIGNATURES 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   










MERCADOLIBRE, INC.




 By:
 
 /s/ Marcos Galper&iacute;n


 
Marcos Galper&iacute;n


 
Chief Executive Officer





 
Date: February 28, 2012
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.   










 Signature
  
 Title
  
Date







 /s/ Marcos Galper&iacute;n
Marcos Galper&iacute;n
  
 Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal Executive Officer)
  
February 28, 2012





 /s/ Pedro Arnt
Pedro Arnt
  
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
  
February 28, 2012





 /s/ Mario Vazquez
Mario Vazquez
  
 Director
  
February 28, 2012





 /s/ Anton Levy
Anton Levy
  
 Director
  
February 28, 2012





 /s/ Michael Spence
Michael Spence
  
 Director
  
February 28, 2012





 /s/ Ver&oacute;nica Allende Serra
Veronica Allende Serra
  
 Director
  
February 28, 2012





 /s/ Nicol&aacute;s Galper&iacute;n
Nicol&aacute;s Galper&iacute;n
  
 Director
  
February 28, 2012





 /s/ Emiliano Calemzuk
Emiliano Calemzuk
  
 Director
  
February 28, 2012





 /s/ Martin de los Santos
Martin de los Santos
  
 Director
  
February 28, 2012

   79 







 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 








 Exhibit <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">Number
  
 Exhibit Title






3.01
  
Registrants Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1)




3.02
  
Registrants Amended and Restated Bylaws. (1)




4.01
  
Form of Specimen Certificate for Registrants Common Stock (5)




4.02
  
Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 24, 2001, by and among the Registrant and the investors named therein. (1)




10.01
  
Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into by Registrant with each of its directors and executive officers. (2)




10.02
  
Concession Contract, dated as February 7, 2007, between Borders Parking S.R.L. and MercadoLibre S.A. (1)




10.03
  
Management Incentive Bonus Plan of the Registrant. (2)




10.04
  
Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (2)




10.05
  
Employment Agreements with Officers.(2)




10.06
  
Form of Restricted Stock Award for Outside directors. (3)




10.07
  
Employment Agreement with Osvaldo Gimenez, dated as of March 26, 2008* (5)




10.08
  
2009 Equity Compensation Plan* (7)

   80 







  








 ExhibitNumber
  
 Exhibit Title






10.09
  
2008 Long-Term Retention Plan (6)




10.10
  
2009 Long-Term Retention Plan (6)




10.11
  
Property Lease Agreement, dated February 1, 2011, between MercadoLibre Colombia S.A and Mongiana Ltda* (9)




10.12
  
Property Lease Agreement, dated July 6, 2010 between MercadoLivre.com Atividades de Internet Ltda. and STM Sociedade T&eacute;cnica de Montageus Ltda.* (9)




10.13
  
2010 Long-Term Retention Plan.(11)




10.15
  
2011 Long-Term Retention Plan.(12)




10.16
  
Agreement dated June 2, 2011 entered into by MercadoLibre Venezuela S.A. a subsidiary of MercadoLibre, Inc. with Inversiones 1182450 C.A., to acquire an office property in Caracas,
Venezuela (10)




21.01
  
List of Subsidiaries*




23.01
  
Consent of Deloitte & Co. S.R.L., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm*




23.02
  
Consent of Price Waterhouse & Co. S.R.L., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm*




31.01
  
CEO Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*




31.02
  
CFO Certification pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*




32.01
  
CEO Certification required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**




32.02
  
CFO Certification required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**




101.INS
  
XBRL Instance Document***




101.SCH
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document***




101.CAL
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document***




101.LAB
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document***




101.PRE
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document***




101.DEF
  
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document***
  


*
 Filed Herewith 


**
 Furnished Herewith 


***
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under
those sections. 


(1)
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of MercadoLibre, Inc. filed on May 11, 2007 
   81 










(2)
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of MercadoLibre, Inc. filed on July 13, 2007



(3)
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of MercadoLibre, Inc. filed on January 25, 2008



(4)
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2008 


(5)
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 filed on February 27, 2009



(6)
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2009 


(7)
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 11, 2009 


(8)
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 filed on February 26, 2010



(9)
 Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 filed on February 25, 2011



(10)
 Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 filed on August 9, 2011



(11)
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2010 


(12)
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2011 
   82 







 MercadoLibre, Inc.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Consolidated Financial Statements  as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 
and for the three years in the period 
ended December 31, 2011 





 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Board of Directors and  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Shareholders of MercadoLibre, Inc.  Buenos Aires city, Argentina 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of MercadoLibre, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statement of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2011. We also have audited the Companys internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on the criteria established in Internal Control  Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Companys Management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (Item 9A). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Companys internal control over
financial reporting based on our audit.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.  A
companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the companys principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the
companys board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 





 Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including
the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal
control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of MercadoLibre, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2011, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on the criteria established in
Internal Control  Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Buenos Aires city, Argentina  February 28, 2012 
DELOITTE & Co. S.R.L.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Alberto Lopez Carnabucci  Partner 





 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
To the Board of Directors and  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Shareholders of MercadoLibre, Inc.:  In our opinion, the consolidated
statements of income, of changes in shareholders equity and of cash flows for year ended December 31, 2009 present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of MercadoLibre, Inc. and its subsidiaries for
the year ended December 31, 2009, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Price Waterhouse & Co. S.R.L.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">By                                
(Partner)  Carlos Mart&iacute;n Barbafina 
Buenos Aires, Argentina  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">February 26, 2010, except for the change in the composition of reportable segments discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is February 25, 2011






 MercadoLibre Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2011 and 2010   







September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,
 
  
December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 



 Assets
    



  




 Current assets:
    



  




 Cash and cash equivalents
    
$
67,381,677
  
  
$
56,830,466
  

 Short-term investments
    
 
74,928,620
  
  
 
5,342,766
  

 Accounts receivable, net
    
 
16,815,087
  
  
 
12,618,173
  

 Credits Cards Receivables
    
 
23,855,689
  
  
 
6,151,518
  

 Prepaid expenses
    
 
1,269,594
  
  
 
913,262
  

 Deferred tax assets
    
 
9,131,638
  
  
 
12,911,256
  

 Other assets
    
 
6,863,250
  
  
 
6,867,767
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 





 Total current assets
    
 
200,245,555
  
  
 
101,635,208
  

 Non-current assets:
    



  




 Long-term investments
    
 
43,933,316
  
  
 
78,846,281
  

 Property and equipment, net
    
 
30,877,719
  
  
 
20,817,712
  

 Goodwill, net
    
 
62,093,948
  
  
 
60,496,314
  

 Intangible assets, net
    
 
6,494,857
  
  
 
4,141,167
  

 Deferred tax assets
    
 
6,491,646
  
  
 
2,975,118
  

 Other assets
    
 
5,794,395
  
  
 
771,223
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 





 Total non-current assets
    
 
155,685,881
  
  
 
168,047,815
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 





 Total assets
    
$
355,931,436
  
  
$
269,683,023
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Liabilities and Equity
    



  




 Current liabilities:
    



  




 Accounts payable and accrued expenses
    
$
20,251,313
  
  
$
17,232,103
  

 Funds payable to customers
    
 
69,216,185
  
  
 
48,788,225
  

 Payroll and social security payable
    
 
13,525,293
  
  
 
10,786,534
  

 Taxes payable
    
 
11,633,178
  
  
 
11,487,574
  

 Loans payable and other financial liabilities
    
 
146,194
  
  
 
100,031
  

 Dividends payable
    
 
3,531,362
  
  
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 





 Total current liabilities
    
 
118,303,525
  
  
 
88,394,467
  

 Non-current liabilities:
    



  




 Payroll and social security payable
    
 
3,844,172
  
  
 
2,562,343
  

 Loans payable and other financial liabilities
    
 
136,227
  
  
 
188,846
  

 Deferred tax liabilities
    
 
8,670,606
  
  
 
5,167,699
  

 Other liabilities
    
 
1,797,890
  
  
 
1,651,398
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 





 Total non-current liabilities
    
 
14,448,895
  
  
 
9,570,286
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 





 Total liabilities
    
$
132,752,420
  
  
$
97,964,753
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 15)
    



  








 Redeemable noncontrolling interest
    
$
4,000,000
  
  
$
  
  





 Equity:
    



  




 Common stock, $0.001 par value, 110,000,000 shares authorized, 44,142,020 and 44,131,376 shares issued and outstanding at
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively
    
$
44,142
  
  
$
44,131
  

 Additional paid-in capital
    
 
120,452,032
  
  
 
120,391,622
  

 Retained earnings
    
 
135,726,188
  
  
 
73,681,556
  

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss
    
 
(37,043,346
) 
  
 
(22,399,039
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total Equity
    
 
219,179,016
  
  
 
171,718,270
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 





 Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and equity
    
$
355,931,436
  
  
$
269,683,023
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   3 






 MercadoLibre Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Income 
 For the three years ended December 31, 2011 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 



 Net revenues
    
$
298,931,625
  
  
$
216,715,713
  
  
$
172,843,621
  

 Cost of net revenues
    
 
(72,055,835
) 
  
 
(46,549,845
) 
  
 
(35,958,050
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Gross profit
    
 
226,875,790
  
  
 
170,165,868
  
  
 
136,885,571
  






 Operating expenses:
    



  



  




 Product and technology development
    
 
(23,349,787
) 
  
 
(15,855,992
) 
  
 
(12,140,521
) 

 Sales and marketing
    
 
(64,968,755
) 
  
 
(48,883,167
) 
  
 
(42,861,735
) 

 General and administrative
    
 
(38,785,083
) 
  
 
(30,828,146
) 
  
 
(25,849,596
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total operating expenses
    
 
(127,103,625
) 
  
 
(95,567,305
) 
  
 
(80,851,852
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Income from operations
    
 
99,772,165
  
  
 
74,598,563
  
  
 
56,033,719
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Other income (expenses):
    



  



  




 Interest income and other financial gains
    
 
9,905,829
  
  
 
4,931,215
  
  
 
2,695,109
  

 Interest expense and other financial charges
    
 
(3,648,733
) 
  
 
(7,601,671
) 
  
 
(13,357,554
) 

 Foreign currency gain / (loss)
    
 
2,353,005
  
  
 
(62,447
) 
  
 
(2,658,476
) 

 Other income, net
    
 
73,894
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Net income before income / asset tax expense
    
 
108,456,160
  
  
 
71,865,660
  
  
 
42,712,798
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Income / asset tax expense
    
 
(31,659,821
) 
  
 
(15,840,641
) 
  
 
(9,504,005
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net income
    
$
76,796,339
  
  
$
56,025,019
  
  
$
33,208,793
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Less: Net Income attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
    
 
16,286
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Net income attributable to MercadoLibre, Inc.
    
$
76,780,053
  
  
$
56,025,019
  
  
$
33,208,793
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 




 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 

 Basic EPS
    



  



  




 Basic net income attributable to MercadoLibre, Inc. per common share
    
$
1.73
  
  
$
1.27
  
  
$
0.75
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Weighted average shares
    
 
44,138,397
  
  
 
44,124,018
  
  
 
44,086,892
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Diluted EPS
    



  



  




 Diluted net income attributable to MercadoLibre, Inc. per common share
    
$
1.73
  
  
$
1.27
  
  
$
0.75
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Weighted average shares
    
 
44,151,437
  
  
 
44,146,858
  
  
 
44,144,368
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   4 






 MercadoLibre Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 For the three years ended December 31, 2011 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Accumulated
other
comprehensive <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">loss
 
 
 
 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 Additional
paid-in <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">capital
 
 
 Retained
Earnings / (Acumulated
Deficit)
 
 
 
TotalEquity

 

 
  
 Comprehensive
income
 
 
Common stock
 
  
 
 
 

 
  
 
Shares
 
  
Amount
 
  
 
 
 



 Balance as of December 31, 2008
  



 
 
44,070,367
  
  
$
44,071
  
  
$
119,807,007
  
 
$
(15,552,256
) 
 
$
(10,874,841
) 
 
$
93,423,981
  


  



 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 










 Stock options exercised
  



 
 
35,031
  
  
 
35
  
  
 
28,319
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
28,354
  

 Stock-based compensationstock options
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
1,752
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
1,752
  

 Stock-based compensationrestricted shares
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
74,382
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
74,382
  

 Stock-based compensation LTRP
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
175,453
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
175,453
  

 Restricted shares Issued
  



 
 
10,655
  
  
 
10
  
  
 
171,089
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
171,099
  

 LTRP shares issued
  



 
 
3,600
  
  
 
3
  
  
 
(3
) 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

 Shares issued
  



 
 
616
  
  
 
1
  
  
 
(1
) 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

 Net income
  
$
33,208,793
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
33,208,793
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
33,208,793
  

 Currency translation adjustment
  
 
(12,914,565
) 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
(12,914,565
) 
 
 
(12,914,565
) 

 Unrealized net gain on investments
  
 
27,630
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
27,630
  
 
 
27,630
  

 Realized net gain on investments
  
 
(3,642
) 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
(3,642
) 
 
 
(3,642
) 


  
  
  
 
 



  



  



 



 



 




 Comprehensive income
  
$
20,318,216
  
 



  



  



 



 



 





  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Balance as of December 31, 2009
  



 
 
44,120,269
  
  
$
44,120
  
  
$
120,257,998
  
 
$
17,656,537
  
 
$
(23,765,418
) 
 
$
114,193,237
  


  



 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 










 Stock options exercised
  



 
 
7,126
  
  
 
7
  
  
 
18,192
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
18,199
  

 Stock-based compensationstock options
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
244
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
244
  

 Stock-based compensationrestricted shares
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
37,696
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
37,696
  

 Stock-based compensation LTRP
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
77,496
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
77,496
  

 LTRP shares issued
  



 
 
3,981
  
  
 
4
  
  
 
(4
) 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

 Net income
  
$
56,025,019
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
56,025,019
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
56,025,019
  

 Currency translation adjustment
  
 
1,348,482
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
1,348,482
  
 
 
1,348,482
  

 Unrealized net gains on investments
  
 
45,527
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
45,527
  
 
 
45,527
  

 Realized net gains on investments
  
 
(27,630
) 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
(27,630
) 
 
 
(27,630
) 


  
  
  
 
 



  



  



 



 



 




 Comprehensive income
  
$
57,391,398
  
 



  



  



 



 



 





  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Balance as of December 31, 2010
  



 
 
44,131,376
  
  
$
44,131
  
  
$
120,391,622
  
 
$
73,681,556
  
 
$
(22,399,039
) 
 
$
171,718,270
  


  



 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   5 






 MercadoLibre Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 For the three years ended December 31, 2011 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Accumulated
other
comprehensive <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">loss
 
 
 
 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 Additional
paid-in <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">capital
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Total
Equity
 

 
  
 Comprehensive
income
 
 
Common stock
 
  
 
 Retained
Earnings
 
 
 

 
  
 
Shares
 
  
Amount
 
  
 
 
 



 Balance as of December 31, 2010
  



 
 
44,131,376
  
  
$
44,131
  
  
$
120,391,622
  
 
$
73,681,556
  
 
$
(22,399,039
) 
 
$
171,718,270
  


  



 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 










 Stock options exercised
  



 
 
5,950
  
  
 
6
  
  
 
11,169
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
11,175
  

 Stock-based compensation LTRP
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
49,246
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
49,246
  

 Dividend Distribution
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
(14,124,568
) 
 
 
  
  
 
 
(14,124,568
) 

 LTRP shares issued
  



 
 
4,694
  
  
 
5
  
  
 
(5
) 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

 Change in redeemable amount of noncontrolling interest
  



 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
(610,853
) 
 
 
  
  
 
 
(610,853
) 

 Net income
  
$
76,780,053
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
76,780,053
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
76,780,053
  

 Currency translation adjustment
  
 
(15,523,437
) 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
(15,523,437
) 
 
 
(15,523,437
) 

 Unrealized net gains on investments
  
 
924,657
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
924,657
  
 
 
924,657
  

 Realized net gain on investments
  
 
(45,527
) 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
(45,527
) 
 
 
(45,527
) 


  
  
  
 
 



  



  



 



 



 




 Comprehensive income
  
$
62,135,746
  
 



  



  



 



 



 





  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Balance as of December 31, 2011
  



 
 
44,142,020
  
  
$
44,142
  
  
$
120,452,032
  
 
$
135,726,188
  
 
$
(37,043,346
) 
 
$
219,179,016
  


  



 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   6 






 MercadoLibre Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 For the three years ended December 31, 2011 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 



 Cash flows from operations:
    



  



  




 Net income
    
$
76,780,053
  
  
$
56,025,019
  
  
$
33,208,793
  

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
    



  



  




 Net Income attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
    
 
16,286
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  

 Depreciation and amortization
    
 
7,268,075
  
  
 
4,921,650
  
  
 
3,893,752
  

 Interest expense
    
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
213,878
  

 Accrued interest
    
 
(3,177,578
) 
  
 
(504,874
) 
  
 
90,339
  

 Stock-based compensation expense - stock options
    
 
  
  
  
 
244
  
  
 
1,752
  

 Stock-based compensation expense - restricted shares
    
 
  
  
  
 
37,696
  
  
 
74,382
  

 LTRP accrued compensation
    
 
4,079,265
  
  
 
3,479,066
  
  
 
1,924,149
  

 Deferred income taxes
    
 
1,022,797
  
  
 
(7,053,030
) 
  
 
(3,607,292
) 

 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of the effect of the acquired business:
    



  



  




 Accounts receivable
    
 
(9,274,653
) 
  
 
(7,063,942
) 
  
 
(2,974,890
) 

 Credit Card Receivables
    
 
(19,494,707
) 
  
 
(2,324,575
) 
  
 
(942,407
) 

 Prepaid expenses
    
 
(436,310
) 
  
 
(333,755
) 
  
 
(287,836
) 

 Other assets
    
 
(6,532,978
) 
  
 
(3,643,650
) 
  
 
(2,591,353
) 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses
    
 
10,808,788
  
  
 
9,051,139
  
  
 
8,686,334
  

 Funds payable to customers
    
 
27,875,755
  
  
 
15,458,416
  
  
 
12,421,412
  

 Provisions
    
 
  
  
  
 
(63,549
) 
  
 
302,987
  

 Other liabilities
    
 
490,838
  
  
 
(89,402
) 
  
 
(713,014
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net cash provided by operating activities
    
 
89,425,631
  
  
 
67,896,453
  
  
 
49,700,986
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Cash flows from investing activities:
    



  



  




 Purchase of investments
    
 
(379,044,395
) 
  
 
(121,266,157
) 
  
 
(80,060,909
) 

 Proceeds from sale and maturity of investments
    
 
336,835,026
  
  
 
76,062,629
  
  
 
81,728,485
  

 Payment for acquired businesses, net of cash acquired
    
 
(5,468,180
) 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  

 Purchases of intangible assets
    
 
(280,706
) 
  
 
(416,450
) 
  
 
(955,679
) 

 Purchases of property and equipment
    
 
(18,924,161
) 
  
 
(13,214,043
) 
  
 
(3,798,170
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net cash used in investing activities
    
 
(66,882,416
) 
  
 
(58,834,021
) 
  
 
(3,086,273
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Cash flows from financing activities:
    



  



  




 Decrease in short term debt
    
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
(310,634
) 

 Loans paid
    
 
  
  
  
 
(3,000,000
) 
  
 
(15,000,000
) 

 Dividends distribution
    
 
(10,593,206
) 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  

 Stock options exercised
    
 
11,175
  
  
 
18,199
  
  
 
28,354
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net cash used in financing activities
    
 
(10,582,031
) 
  
 
(2,981,801
) 
  
 
(15,282,280
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
    
 
(1,409,973
) 
  
 
946,433
  
  
 
996,857
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
    
 
10,551,211
  
  
 
7,027,064
  
  
 
32,329,290
  

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year
    
 
56,830,466
  
  
 
49,803,402
  
  
 
17,474,112
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year
    
$
67,381,677
  
  
$
56,830,466
  
  
$
49,803,402
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   7 






 MercadoLibre Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 For the three years ended December 31, 2011 
 







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
    
2009
 








 Supplemental cash flow information:
    



  



    




 Cash paid for interest
    
$
58,559
  
  
$
5,781,058
  
    
$
12,332,592
  

 Cash paid for income and asset taxes
    
$
31,050,206
  
  
 
22,253,947
  
    
 
11,650,007
  






 Acquisition of AutoPlaza.com
    



  



    




 Cash and cash equivalents
    
$
3,876
  
  
$
  
  
    
$
  
  

 Tax credits
    
 
49,951
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  

 Non current assets
    
 
99,522
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total assets acquired
    
 
153,349
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total liabilities assumed
    
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Net assets acquired
    
 
153,349
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets
    
 
8,966,744
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  

 Non-controlling interest
    
 
(3,648,037
) 
  



    





    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total purchase price
    
 
5,472,056
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Cash and cash equivalents acquired
    
 
3,876
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Payment for acquired businesses, net of cash acquired
    
$
5,468,180
  
  
$
  
  
    
$
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   8 






 MercadoLibre Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 



1.
 Nature of Business 
 MercadoLibre Inc. (the Company) is an e-commerce enabler whose mission is to build the
necessary online and technology tools to allow practically anyone to trade almost anything in Latin America. 
The Company developed a Web-based marketplace in which buyers and sellers are brought together to browse, buy and sell
items such as computers, electronics, collectibles, automobiles, clothing and a host of practical and miscellaneous items. Additionally, the Company introduced MercadoPago in 2004, an integrated online payments solution. MercadoPago was designed to
facilitate transactions on the MercadoLibre Marketplace by providing an escrow mechanism that enables users to send and receive payments online.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Since 2004, the Company introduced an online classifieds platform for motor vehicles, vessels and aircrafts and since 2006 the real estate online classifieds platform. In 2006, the Company launched
eShops, a platform tailored to attract lower rotation items and increase the breadth of products offered, the introduction of user generated information guides for buyers that improve the shopping experience, and the expansion of the online
classifieds model by adding the services category.  During 2007 the Company also launched a new and improved
version of its MercadoPago payments platform in Chile and Colombia as well as in Argentina during 2008. The new MercadoPago, in addition to improving the ease of use and efficiency of payments for marketplace purchases, also allows for payments
outside of the Companys marketplaces. Users are able to transfer money to other users with MercadoPago accounts and to incorporate MercadoPago as a means of payments in their independent commerce websites. In this way MercadoPago 3.0 as it has
been called is designed to meet the growing demand for Internet based payments systems in Latin America. In 2010, the Company started processing off-MercadoLibre transactions through this new direct payments product to any website in Brazil which
wants to adopt it and launched MercadoPago 3.0 in Brazil for all its marketplace transactions. In 2011, the Company started processing off-platform transactions using MercadoPago 3.0 in Mexico and Venezuela. 
As of December 31, 2011, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, operated online commerce platforms
directed towards Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Mexico, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Uruguay and Venezuela, and online payments solutions directed towards Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Venezuela, Chile and
Colombia. In addition, the Company operates a real estate classified platform that covers some areas of Florida, U.S.A.   



2.
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Principles of consolidation 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. These financial statements are stated in US dollars. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.

   9 







 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




2.
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Principles of consolidation (Continued)   
 Substantially all revenues, cost of revenues and operating expenses, are
generated in the Companys foreign operations, amounting to approximately 99.7%, 99.6% and 99.3% of the consolidated amounts during 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Long-lived assets located in the foreign operations totaled $93,489,980 and
$81,834,266 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Cash and cash equivalents as well as short-term and long term investments, totaling $186,243,613 and $141,019,513 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, are mainly
located in the United States of America and Brazil. 

 Use of estimates 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Estimates are used for, but not limited to accounting for allowance for doubtful accounts, depreciation, amortization, impairment and useful lives of long-lived assets, impairment of goodwill and other indefinite lived
intangible assets, compensation cost related to cash and share-based compensation and restricted shares, recognition of current and deferred income taxes and contingencies. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 Cash and cash equivalents 
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of
purchase, consisting primarily of money market funds and certificates of deposit, to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at amortized cost plus accrued interest. 

 Investments 
Time deposits are valued at amortized cost plus accrued interest. Securities classified as available-for-sale are
recorded at fair market value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of shareholders equity, net of tax. 
Investments are classified as current or non-current depending on their maturity dates and when it is expected to be
realized in cash to fund operations. 

   10 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




2.
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
 

 Fair Value Measurements 
Cash, money market funds, corporate debt securities, sovereign debt securities and assets backed securities are valued at
fair value. Deposits, accounts receivables, funds receivables from customers, other receivables, other assets, accounts payables, payroll and social security payables, taxes payables, loans and provisions and other liabilities are valued at cost
which approximates their fair value because of its short term maturity. See Note 8 Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities for further details. 

 Concentration of credit risk 
Cash, cash equivalents, investments and accounts receivable are potentially subject to concentration of credit risk. Cash
and cash equivalents and investments are placed with financial institutions that management believes are of high credit quality. Accounts receivable are derived from revenue earned from customers located internationally. Accounts receivable balances
are settled through customer credit cards, debit cards, and MercadoPago accounts, with the majority of accounts receivable collected upon processing of credit card transactions. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable and
credits cards receivables based upon its historical experience and current aging of customers. Historically, such charges have been within management expectations. However, unexpected or significant future changes in trends could result in a
material impact to future statements of income or cash flows. Due to the relatively small dollar amount of individual accounts receivable, the Company generally does not require collateral on these balances. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
recorded as a charge to operating expense.  During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, no
customers accounted for more than 5% of net revenues. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, no customers accounted for more than 5% of accounts receivables, net. 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
The company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated probable losses that may result if customers do not
make the required payments. Allowances are based upon several factors including, but not limited to, historical experience and the current condition of specific customers. 

 Credit Cards Receivables and funds payable to customers
 Credit cards receivables from customers mainly relate to the Companys payments solution and arise
due to the time taken to clear transactions through external payment networks or during a short period of time until those credit cards receivables are sold to financial institutions. 
Credit cards receivables are presented net of the related allowance for doubtful accounts and chargebacks. 
   11 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




2.
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Credit Cards Receivables and funds payable to customers (Continued)  <FONT
SIZE="1"> 
 As of December 31, 2011, there are no past due credit cards
receivables.  Funds payable relate also to the Companys payments solution and are originated by the
amounts due to sellers held by the Company until the transaction is completed. Funds, net of any amount due to the Company, are maintained in the seller current account until collection is requested by the customer. 

 Transfer of Financial Assets 
The Company sells funds receivable from customers comprised by credit cards coupons to financial institutions. These
transactions are accounted for as a true sale. Accounting guidance on transfer of financial assets establishes that the transferor has surrendered control over transferred assets if and only if all of the following conditions are met:
(1) the transferred assets have been isolated from the transferor, (2) each transferee has the right to pledge or exchange the assets it received (3) the transferor does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets. When
all the conditions are met, the Company derecognizes the financial assets from its balance sheet. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, there is no continuing involvement with transferred assets. The aggregate amount of pre-tax gain recognized on
sale of funds receivable from customers is $32,566,802, $19,195,987 and $7,795,447, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

 Property and equipment, net 
Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
method. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.  Costs related to the planning and post
implementation phases of website development efforts are recorded as an operating expense. Direct costs incurred in the development phase are capitalized and amortized over an estimated useful life of three years. During the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company capitalized $1,231,971 and $926,619, respectively.  On
February 14, 2011, the Companys Argentine subsidiary moved its headquarters and Argentine operation offices to a new office building located in the City of Buenos Aires, with 5,340 square meters divided into 5 floors and 70 parking
spaces. The building cost amounted to $8,854,879. On June 2, 2011, MercadoLibre Venezuela S.A. a subsidiary of MercadoLibre, Inc. entered into an agreement with Inversiones 1182450, C.A. to acquire an office property of 992 square meters in a
building named Torre La Castellana, located in Avenida Eugenio Mendoza, La Castellana, Municipality of Chacao, State of Miranda, Caracas, Venezuela for approximately $6,626,433. 
Those buildings, excluding lands, are depreciated from the date when they were ready to be used, using the straight-line
depreciation method over a 50-year depreciable life. 

   12 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




2.
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
 

 Goodwill, net 
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets
acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is not subject to amortization, but is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment. The Company performs a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit. If
the Company determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, the fair-value based test is applied (see Recent Accounting Pronouncements) 

 Intangible assets, net 
Intangible assets resulting from the acquisitions of entities accounted for using the purchase method of accounting are
estimated by management based on the fair value of assets received. Identifiable intangible assets are comprised of purchased customer lists, trademarks, licenses and non-compete agreements. Identifiable intangible assets with definite useful life,
are being amortized over the period of estimated benefit using the straight-line method and estimated useful lives ranging from three to five years. Trademarks with indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization, but are subject to at least
an annual assessment for impairment, applying a fair-value based test. 

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
 The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairments whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the
asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired on this basis, the impairment loss to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 
Goodwill and certain indefinite life trademarks are reviewed at the end of the year for impairment or more frequently
when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment of goodwill and certain trademarks is tested at the reporting unit level (considering each segment of the Company as a reporting unit) by
comparing the reporting units carrying amount, including goodwill and certain trademarks, to the fair value of the reporting unit. The Company adopted the new guidance to test goodwill and, as a consequence, performs a qualitative assessment
before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit. If the Company determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the fair-value based
test is applied. However, if the Company concludes, for the year ended December 31, 2011, based on the qualitative assessment, that the fair value of each of its reporting units is greater than the respective carrying amounts, the two-step
impairment is unnecessary. 
   13 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




2.
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets (Continued) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010, the fair values of the
reporting units were estimated using a combination of the income or discounted cash flows approach and the market approach, which utilizes comparable companies data. Cash flow projections used were based on financial budgets approved by
management. The growth rates applied do not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the business in which the reporting unit operates. The average discount rate used for 2010 was 18.9%. That rate reflected the Companys real weighted
average cost of capital. Key drivers in the analysis include Confirmed Registered Users (CRUs), Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV) which represents a measure of the total U.S. dollar amount of all transactions completed through
the MercadoLibre marketplace, excluding motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft, real estate, and services and take rate defined as marketplace revenues as a percentage of gross merchandise volume. In addition, the analysis include a business to
e-commerce rate, which represents growth of e-commerce as a percentage of GDP, internet penetration rates as well as trends in the Companys market share.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill or indefinite useful life intangible assets are considered impaired and a second step is performed to measure the amount of
impairment loss, if any. No impairments were recognized during 2011 and 2010 and managements assessment of each reporting unit fair value materially exceeds its carrying value. 

 Revenue Recognition 
The Company generates revenues for different services provided. When more than one service is included in one single
arrangement with the customer, the Company recognizes revenue according to multiple element arrangements accounting, distinguishing between each of the services provided and allocating revenues based on their respective selling prices. 
Revenues are recognized when evidence of an arrangement exists, the fee is fixed or determinable, no significant
obligation remains and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured.  Services are separately recognized
as revenue according to the following criteria described for each type of services:   


 

 
 Services for intermediation between on-line buyers and sellers, for which the company charges a percentage on the transaction value (final
value fees), are recognized as revenue once the sale transaction between the buyer and seller is successfully completed (which occurs upon confirmation of the sale by the seller). 
   14 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 2.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Revenue Recognition (Continued) 
 



 

 
 Services for the use of the Companys on-line payments solution, for transactions off-platform ordered by MercadoPago customers. The Company
does not charge a separate fee for on-platform transactions in certain countries. The fee that we charge for all off-marketplace platform transactions is recorded as revenue once the transaction is completed, at the time when the payment is
processed by the Company. For on-marketplace platform transactions, we generate revenue in the countries where we offer the service in a way that implies that the customer has to pay an additional fee for the right to use the payments solution. We
also generate revenues as a result of offering financing to our MercadoPago users, either directly or when we elect to sell the corresponding financial assets to financial institutions. 
 


 

 
 Listing and optional feature services, which fees relate to the right of a seller to have the item offered listed in a preferential way, as well as
classified advertising services, are recorded as revenue ratably during the listing period. Those fees are charged at the time the listing is uploaded onto the Companys platform and is not subject to successful sale of the items listed.
  


 

 
 Advertising revenues such as the sale of banners are recognized on accrual basis, and MercadoClics services or sponsorship of sites are recognized
based on per-click values and as the impressions are delivered. 

 Derivative Financial Instruments 
In 2008 and 2009, the Company entered into written put options of its own stock. Those derivative financial instruments
were not accounted for as hedges and, therefore, changes in the fair value of these instruments were recorded in the statement of income as interest income and other financial gains. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010 there is no written put
option transaction outstanding. See Note 17  Share Repurchase Plan for a full description of derivative financial instrument activities and related accounting policies. 

 Share-based payments 
Stock options, restricted and additional shares and shares granted under the 2008 long term retention plan (the
2008 LTRP) are accounted for at their grant date fair value.  Fair value of stock options is calculated
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This calculation is affected by the Companys stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. The use of a Black-Scholes model requires extensive
actual employee exercise behavior data and a number of complex assumptions including expected life, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. As a result, the future stock-based compensation expense may differ from historical
amounts.  Fair value of restricted and additional shares and shares granted under the 2008 LTRP is calculated
using the grant date price of the Companys shares. 
   15 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 2.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Share-based payments (Continued) 
 
 Compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period. For awards that have a graded vesting schedule, compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separate vesting portion of the award as if the award was in-substance
multiple awards.  The liability related to the variable portion of 2011, 2010 and 2009 long term retention
plan is remeasured at fair value using the last 60 days average stock price at December 31, 2011 (See Note 16 Long Term Retention Plan for more details). 

 Taxes on revenues 
The Companys subsidiaries in Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela and Colombia are subject to certain taxes on revenues
which are classified as cost of net revenues and totaled $21,387,561, $15,049,821, and $10,754,724 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

 Advertising Costs 
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and totaled $19,914,755, $20,173,078 and $21,967,844 for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

 Comprehensive Income  
Comprehensive income is comprised of two components, net income and other comprehensive income (loss), and defined as all
other changes in equity of the Company that result from transactions other than with shareholders. Other comprehensive income (loss) includes the cumulative translation adjustment relating to the translation of the financial statements of the
Companys foreign subsidiaries (except Venezuela since January 1, 2010, see Foreign Currency Translation) and unrealized gains on investments classified as available-for-sale securities. Total comprehensive income for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 amounted to $62,135,746, $57,391,398 and $20,318,216, respectively. 

 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 
In September 2011, the Company acquired the 60% of the shares of AP Clasificados S.R.L. de C.V. (AP
Clasificados), as well as signed a call and put option agreement to acquire the remaining 40% of those shares (See note 6 Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets for more detail). According to the signed agreement,
the price for the remaining 40% call or put options will be determined by greater of (i) $4,000,000 and (ii) the amount resulting from multiplying (A) the percentage of the sellers interests as of the exercise date of the
Call/Put option by (B) an amount equal to 3.5 times the amount of invoiced sales of the Business for the twelve months period ending on the exercise date. 
   16 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 2.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest (Continued)  <FONT
SIZE="1"> 
 The put option is to be exercised if any of the following events occurs:
(i) the third anniversary of the acquisition date, (ii) the termination of the employment of the main operating officer, and (iii) death or incapacitation of the main operating officer. The call option is to be exercised following the
earlier to occur of (i) third anniversary of the acquisition date and (ii) members holding a majority of the issued and outstanding interests determine that an additional capital contribution is required to capitalize AP Clasificados and
the Seller does not make such additional capital contribution.  Redeemable noncontrolling interest is not
considered to be permanent equity and is reported in the mezzanine section between liabilities and equity in the consolidated balance sheet for a total amount of $4,000,000 at December 31, 2011. The noncontrolling interest was measured at its
estimated redemption value according to the abovementioned agreed conditions. Changes in the estimated redemption value as of the year-end were recorded in retained earnings. 

 Foreign Currency Translation
 All of the Companys foreign operations have determined the local currency to be their functional
currency, except for Venezuela since the year ended December 31, 2010, as described below. Accordingly, these foreign subsidiaries translate assets and liabilities from their local currencies to U.S. dollars using yearend exchange rates while
income and expense accounts are translated at the average rates in effect during the year. The resulting translation adjustment is recorded as part of other comprehensive income (loss), a component of MercadoLibre equity. Gains and losses resulting
from transactions denominated in non-functional currencies are recognized in earnings. Net foreign currency transaction losses are included in the consolidated statements of income under the caption Foreign currency gain/(loss) and
amounted to $2,353,005, $(62,447) and $(2,658,476) for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Until September 30, 2009, the Company translated its Venezuelan subsidiaries assets, liabilities, income and expense accounts at the official rate of 2.15 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar.
 Starting in the fourth quarter of 2009, as a result of the changes in facts and circumstances that affected
the Companys ability to convert currency for dividends remittances using the official exchange rate in Venezuela, the Venezuelan subsidiaries assets, liabilities, income and expense accounts were translated using the parallel exchange rate
resulting in the recognition in that quarter of a currency translation adjustment of $16,977,276 recorded in other comprehensive income. The average exchange rate used for translating the fourth quarter results was 5.67 Bolivares Fuertes
per US dollar and the year-end exchange rate used for translating assets and liabilities was 6.05 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar. The Company did not buy US dollars at the official rate. As of the date of these consolidated financial
statements the Company did not buy US dollars at the official rate of 2.15 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar. 
   17 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 2.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Foreign Currency Translation (Continued) 
 
 According to US GAAP, the Company transitioned its Venezuelan
operations to highly inflationary status as of January 1, 2010 considering as if the US dollar was the functional currency. See Highly inflationary status in Venezuela below. 
Therefore, no translation effect was accounted for in other comprehensive income during the years ended December 31,
2011 and 2010 related to the Venezuelan operations.  Until May 13, 2010, the only way by which US dollars
could be purchased outside the official currency market was using an indirect mechanism consisting in the purchase and sale of securities, including national public debt bonds (DPNs) denominated in Bolivares Fuertes and bonds issued by the
government that were denominated in U.S. dollars. This mechanism for transactions in certain securities created an indirect parallel foreign currency exchange market in Venezuela that enabled entities to obtain foreign currency through
financial brokers without going through Commission for the Administration of Foreign Exchange (CADIVI). Although the parallel exchange rate was higher, and accordingly less beneficial, than the official exchange rate, some entities used
the parallel market to exchange currency because of the delays of CADIVI in approving in a timely manner the exchange as requested by such entities. Until May 13, 2010, the Venezuelan subsidiaries used this mechanism to exchange
Bolivares Fuertes for US dollars and accordingly the Company used the parallel average exchange rate to re-measure those foreign currency transactions.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">However, on May 14, 2010, the Venezuelan government enacted reforms to its exchange regulations and closed-down such parallel market by declaring that foreign-currency-denominated securities issued
by Venezuelan entities were included in the definition of foreign currency, thus making the Venezuelan Central Bank (BCV) the only institution that could legally authorize the purchase or sale of foreign currency bonds, thereby excluding
non-authorized brokers from the foreign exchange market.  Trading of foreign currencies was re-opened as a
regulated market on June 9, 2010 with the Venezuelan Central Bank as the only institution through which foreign currency-denominated transactions can be brokered. Under the new system, known as the Foreign Currency Securities Transactions
System (SITME), entities domiciled in Venezuela can buy U.S. dollardenominated securities only through banks authorized by the BCV to import goods, services or capital inputs. Additionally, the SITME imposes volume restrictions on an
entitys trading activity, limiting such activity to a maximum equivalent of $50,000 per day, not to exceed $350,000 in a calendar month. This limitation is non-cumulative, meaning that an entity cannot carry over unused volume from one month
to the next.  As a consequence of this new system, commencing on June 9, 2010, the Company transitioned
from the parallel exchange rate to the SITME rate and started re-measuring foreign currency transactions using the SITME rate published by BCV, which was 5.27 Bolivares Fuertes per U.S. dollar as of June 9, 2010. 
   18 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 2.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Foreign Currency Translation (Continued) 
 
 For the period beginning on May 14, 2010 and ending on June 8,
2010 (during which there was no open foreign currency markets) the Company applied US GAAP guidelines, which state that if exchangeability between two currencies is temporarily lacking at the transaction date or balance sheet date, the first
subsequent rate at which exchanges could be made shall be used.  Accordingly, the June 9, 2010 exchange
rate published by the Venezuelan Central Bank has been used to re-measure transactions during the abovementioned period. As of December 31, 2011, the exchange rate used to re-measure transactions is 5.30 Bolivares Fuertes per US dollar.
 The following table sets forth net revenues, assets, liabilities and net assets of the Companys
Venezuelan subsidiaries, before intercompany eliminations, as of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 



 Venezuelan operations
    



  



  




 Net Revenues
    
$
34,828,878
  
  
$
20,885,541
  
  
$
27,331,095
  






 Assets
    
 
31,074,871
  
  
 
21,928,340
  
  
 
15,471,344
  

 Liabilities
    
 
(10,414,881
) 
  
 
(8,212,581
) 
  
 
(6,557,337
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Net Assets
    
$
20,659,990
  
  
$
13,715,759
  
  
$
8,914,007
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 As of December 31, 2011, net assets of the Venezuelan subsidiaries (before intercompany
eliminations) amount to approximately 9.3% of our consolidated net assets, and cash and investments of the Venezuelan subsidiaries held in local currency in Venezuela amount to approximately 7.6% of our consolidated cash and investments. 
Although, the current mechanisms available to obtain US dollars for dividends distributions to shareholders outside
Venezuela imply increased restrictions, the Company does not expect that the current restrictions to purchase dollars have a significant adverse effect on its business plans with regard to the investment in Venezuela. 

 Highly inflationary status in Venezuela 
During May 2009, the International Practices Task Force discussed the highly inflationary status of the Venezuelan
economy. Historically, the Task Force has used the Consumer Price Index (CPI) when considering the inflationary status of the Venezuelan economy. 
   19 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 2.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Foreign Currency Translation (Continued) 
 
 The CPI existed since 1984. However, the CPI covered only the cities of
Caracas and Maracaibo. Commencing on January 1, 2008, the National Consumer Price Index (NCPI) was developed to cover the entire country of Venezuela. Since inflation data was not available to compute a cumulative three year inflation rate for
the entire country solely based on the NCPI, the Company used a blended rate using the NCPI and CPI to calculate Venezuelan inflation rate.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The cumulative three year inflation rate as of December 31, 2009 was calculated using the CPI information for periods before January 1, 2008 and NCPI information for the periods after
January 1, 2008. The blended CPI/NCPI three-year inflation index (23 months of NCPI and 13 months of CPI) as of November 30, 2009 exceeded 100%. According to US GAAP, calendar year-end companies should apply highly inflationary
accounting as from January 1, 2010. Therefore, the Company transitioned its Venezuelan operations to highly inflationary status as of January 1, 2010 considering as if the US dollar was the functional currency. 

 Income and Asset Taxes 
The Company is subject to U.S. and foreign income taxes. The Company accounts for income taxes following the liability
method of accounting which requires the recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax
assets are also recognized for tax loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets or liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded when, based on the available evidence, it is more likely
than not that all or a portion of the Companys deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Companys income tax expense consists of taxes currently payable, if any, plus the change during the period in the Companys deferred tax
assets and liabilities.  From fiscal year 2008 to fiscal year 2014, the Companys Argentine subsidiary is
a beneficiary of a software development law. Part of the benefits obtained from being a beneficiary of the aforementioned law is a relief of 60% of total income tax determined in each year, until fiscal year 2014. Aggregate tax relief totaled
$6,140,713, $4,533,039 and 2,772,569 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Aggregate per share effect of the Argentine tax holiday amounts to $0.14, $0.10 and $0.06 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010
and 2009, respectively. If the Company had not been granted the Argentine tax holiday, the Company would have pursued an alternative tax planning strategy and, therefore, the impact of not having this particular benefit would not necessarily
be the abovementioned dollar and per share effect. 
   20 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 2.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Income and Asset Taxes (Continued) 
 
 As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, MercadoLibre, Inc has included in
the non-current deferred tax assets line the foreign tax credits related to the dividend distributions received from its subsidiaries for a total amount of $2,965,668 and $2,436,224, respectively. Those foreign tax credits will be used to offset the
future domestic income tax payable. 

 Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
On January 1, 2007 the Company adopted the accounting guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes.
This guidance prescribes a more likely than not recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. It also provides
guidance on de-recognition, classification of a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, accounting for interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, and expanded income tax disclosures. The adoption of the new accounting guidance had no
significant impact on the Companys consolidated financial statements.  The Company is subject to
taxation in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. The material jurisdictions that are subject to examination by tax authorities for tax years after 2005 primarily include the U.S., Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Venezuela. 

 Recent
Accounting Pronouncements  Goodwill Impairment Test 
On September 15, 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an amendment to the guidance on
testing goodwill for impairment. Under the revised guidance, entities testing goodwill for impairment have the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit (i.e., step 1 of the goodwill
impairment test). If entities determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, the two-step impairment test would be required. The accounting standard
update does not change how goodwill is calculated or assigned to reporting units, nor does it revise the requirement to test goodwill annually for impairment. In addition, it does not amend the requirement to test goodwill for impairment between
annual tests if events or circumstances warrant; however, it does revise the examples of events and circumstances that an entity should consider. The amendments are effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2011 and early adoption is permitted. The Company decided to early adopt this new guidance for its financial statements related to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2011. 
Presentation of Comprehensive Income 
On June 16, 2011 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an amendment to disclosures
about the presentation of the comprehensive income in the 
   21 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 2.     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
Presentation of Comprehensive Income (Continued)  <FONT
SIZE="1"> 
 financial statements. The new guidance provides two ways to present the
components of the comprehensive income, in either (a) a continuous statement of comprehensive income, or (b) two separate but consecutive statements. The amended disclosures about the presentation of the comprehensive income in the
financial statements are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011. The Company does not expect to have a significant impact on the presentation of the consolidated financial
statements.  Fair value measurement and disclosure 
In May 2011, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that amends some fair value measurement principles and it
expands the ASC 820 existing disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The new guidance states that the concepts of highest and best use and valuation premise are only relevant when measuring the fair value of nonfinancial assets and
prohibits the grouping of financial instruments for purposes of determining their fair values when the unit of account is specified in other guidance. We will adopt this accounting standard upon its effective date for periods beginning on or after
December 15, 2011, and do not anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

 3.     Net income per share 
 Basic earnings per share for the Companys common stock is computed by dividing net income
available to common shareholders attributable to common stock for the year by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The Companys restricted shares granted to its outside directors were participating securities. Accordingly, net income available to common stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2010 and
2009, was allocated between unvested restricted shares and common stock under the two class method for purposes of computing basic and diluted earnings per share. 
Diluted earnings per share for the Companys common stock assume the exercise of outstanding stock options and
vesting restricted shares, additional shares and shares granted under the 2008 Long Term Retention Plan under the Companys stock based employee compensation plans. 
The following table shows how net income is allocated using the two-class method for earnings per common share for the
years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009: 
   22 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




3.
 Net income per share (Continued)   









September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
    
2009
 

 
    
Basic
 
  
Diluted
 
  
Basic
 
    
Diluted
 
    
Basic
 
    
Diluted
 











 Net income
    
$
76,796,339
  
  
$
76,796,339
  
  
$
56,025,019
  
    
$
56,025,019
  
    
$
33,208,793
  
    
$
33,208,793
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 









 Net income attributable to MercadoLibre, Inc. corresponding to unvested restricted shares
    
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
4,679
  
    
 
4,679
  
    
 
3,515
  
    
 
3,515
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 









 Net income attributable to Noncontrolling interests
    
 
(16,286
) 
  
 
(16,286
) 
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 









 Change in redeemable amount of noncontrolling interest
    
 
(610,853
) 
  
 
(610,853
) 
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 









 Net income attributable to MercadoLibre, Inc. corresponding to common stock
    
$
76,169,200
  
  
$
76,169,200
  
  
$
56,020,340
  
    
$
56,020,340
  
    
$
33,205,278
  
    
$
33,205,278
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Net income per share of common stock is as follows for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 

 
    
Basic
 
    
Diluted
 
    
Basic
 
    
Diluted
 
    
Basic
 
    
Diluted
 











 Net income attributable to MercadoLibre, Inc. per common share
    
$
1.73
  
    
$
1.73
  
    
$
1.27
  
    
$
1.27
  
    
$
0.75
  
    
$
0.75
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 









 Numerator:
    



    



    



    



    



    




 Net income attributable to MercadoLibre, Inc.
    
$
76,169,200
  
    
$
76,169,200
  
    
$
56,020,340
  
    
$
56,020,340
  
    
$
33,205,278
  
    
$
33,205,278
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 









 Denominator:
    



    



    



    



    



    




 Weighted average of common stock outstanding for Basic earnings per share
    
 
44,138,397
  
    
 
44,138,397
  
    
 
44,124,018
  
    
 
44,124,018
  
    
 
44,086,892
  
    
 
44,086,892
  

 Adjustment for stock options
    
 
  
  
    
 
8,089
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
13,982
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
46,413
  

 Adjustment for additional shares
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
3,366
  

 Adjustment for shares granted under LTRP
    
 
  
  
    
 
4,951
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
8,858
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
7,697
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Adjusted weighted average of common stock outstanding for Diluted earnings per share
    
 
44,138,397
  
    
 
44,151,437
  
    
 
44,124,018
  
    
 
44,146,858
  
    
 
44,086,892
  
    
 
44,144,368
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 The calculation of diluted net income per common share excludes all anti-dilutive shares. For the years
ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, there were no anti-dilutive shares.   



4.
 Short-term and long-term investments 
 The composition of short-term and long-term investments is as follows: 
   23 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




4.
 Short-term and long-term investments (Continued) 
 









September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,
 
    
December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 



 Short-term investments
    



    




 Time Deposits
    
$
72,019,726
  
    
$
4,944,761
  

 Sovereign Debt Securities
    
 
1,554,770
  
    
 
  
  

 Corporate Debt Securities
    
 
1,354,124
  
    
 
398,005
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total
    
$
74,928,620
  
    
$
5,342,766
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Long-term investments
    



    




 Time Deposits
    
$
  
  
    
$
40,396,183
  

 Sovereign Debt Securities
    
 
9,153,793
  
    
 
13,147,239
  

 Corporate Debt Securities
    
 
16,470,207
  
    
 
10,983,756
  

 Asset Backed Securities
    
 
18,309,316
  
    
 
14,319,103
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total
    
$
43,933,316
  
    
$
78,846,281
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Unrealized gains of available-for-sale securities, net of tax, were $924,657, $45,527, and $27,630 for
the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.  As of December 31, 2011 and 2010,
the Company has no security considered held-to-maturity securities.  Interest income on time deposits and held
to maturity securities were $4,128,624, $1,749,562 and $1,296,762 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009.   



5.
 Balance sheet components 
  








September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
  
December 
31,2010
 

    
  



 Accounts receivable, net:
    



  




 Users
    
$
29,736,666
  
  
$
21,722,252
  

 Credit cards and other means of payments
    
 
1,113,537
  
  
 
861,082
  

 Advertising
    
 
1,873,849
  
  
 
1,591,855
  

 Others debtors
    
 
42,532
  
  
 
3,552
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
32,766,584
  
  
 
24,178,741
  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts
    
 
(15,951,497
) 
  
 
(11,560,568
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
$
16,815,087
  
  
$
12,618,173
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

   24 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




5.
 Balance sheet components (Continued) 
 








September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
  
December 
31,2010
 

    
  



 Credit Cards Receivables
    



  




 Credit cards and other means of payments
    
$
24,060,796
  
  
$
  6,285,150
  

 Allowance for chargebacks
    
 
(205,107
) 
  
 
(133,632
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






    
$
23,855,689
  
  
$
  6,151,518
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  







September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
    
December 
31,2010
 

    
    



 Other current assets:
    



    




 VAT credits
    
$
  681,247
  
    
$
1,299,578
  

 Other taxes
    
 
  5,077,329
  
    
 
4,377,870
  

 Other
    
 
  1,104,674
  
    
 
1,190,319
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


    
$
  6,863,250
  
    
$
6,867,767
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  







September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
    
December 
31,2010
 

    
    



 Other non current assets:
    



    




 Legal Deposits
    
$
284,476
  
    
$
  428,926
  

 Deposit in Court (Note 15)
    
 
5,184,940
  
    
 
  
  

 Other
    
 
324,979
  
    
 
  342,297
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


    
$
5,794,395
  
    
$
  771,223
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  






September 30,


September 30,



September 30,


  
    
Estimateduseful life<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">(years)
    
December 
31,2011
 
  
December 
31,2010
 

    
    
  

    
    
  



 Property and equipment, net:
    

    



  




 Equipment
    
3-5
    
$
18,725,090
  
  
$
12,930,592
  

 Land & Building
    
50
    
 
16,204,946
  
  
 
8,854,879
  

 Furniture and fixtures
    
3-5
    
 
6,956,006
  
  
 
6,697,246
  

 Software
    
3
    
 
5,265,323
  
  
 
3,447,549
  

 Cars
    
3
    
 
435,790
  
  
 
362,962
  


    

    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    

    
 
47,587,155
  
  
 
32,293,228
  

 Accumulated depreciation
    

    
 
(16,709,436
) 
  
 
(11,475,516
) 


    

    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    

    
$
30,877,719
  
  
$
20,817,712
  


    

    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

   25 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

  


5.
 Balance sheet components (Continued) 
 








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 



 Depreciation and amortization:
    



    



    




 Cost of net revenues
    
$
833,898
  
    
$
384,635
  
    
$
308,260
  

 Product and technology development
    
 
5,013,799
  
    
 
3,327,350
  
    
 
2,552,921
  

 Sales and marketing
    
 
151,860
  
    
 
42,175
  
    
 
38,567
  

 General and administrative
    
 
1,268,518
  
    
 
1,167,490
  
    
 
994,004
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


    
$
7,268,075
  
    
$
4,921,650
  
    
$
3,893,752
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  







September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
    
December 
31,2010
 

    
    



 Accounts payable and accrued expenses:
    



    




 Accounts payable
    
$
12,154,539
  
    
$
11,527,279
  

 Accrued expenses
    



    




 Advertising
    
 
3,857,126
  
    
 
2,592,734
  

 Professional fees
    
 
1,038,516
  
    
 
598,830
  

 Other expense provisions
    
 
3,140,983
  
    
 
2,407,873
  

 Other current liabilities
    
 
60,149
  
    
 
105,387
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


    
$
20,251,313
  
    
$
17,232,103
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  







September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
    
December 
31,2010
 

    
    



 Current loans payable and other financial liabilities:
    



    




 Car leasing financing (1)
    
 
146,194
  
    
 
100,031
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


    
$
146,194
  
    
$
100,031
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  







September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
    
December 
31,2010
 

    
    



 Non current loans payable and other financial liabilities:
    



    




 Car leasing financing (1)
    
$
136,227
  
    
$
188,846
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


    
$
136,227
  
    
$
188,846
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  


(1)
 See note 15  Capital Leases 
   26 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

  


5.
 Balance sheet components (Continued) 
 








September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
    
December 
31,2010
 

    
    



 Non current other liabilities:
    



    




 Provisions and contingencies
    
$
1,765,242
  
    
$
1,651,140
  

 Other
    
 
32,648
  
    
 
258
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


    
$
1,797,890
  
    
$
1,651,398
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
  
December 
31,2010
 
  
December 
31,2009
 

    
  
  



 Accumulated other comprehensive income:
    



  



  




 Foreign currency translation
    
$
(37,968,003
) 
  
$
(22,444,566
) 
  
$
(23,793,048
) 

 Unrealized gains on investments
    
 
1,394,887
  
  
 
71,733
  
  
 
41,466
  

 Estimated tax loss on unrealized gains on investments
    
 
(470,230
) 
  
 
(26,206
) 
  
 
(13,836
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 







    
$
(37,043,346
) 
  
$
(22,399,039
) 
  
$
(23,765,418
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

  



6.
 Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Business Combinations  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">On September 14, 2011, the Company completed, through one of its subsidiaries, Meli Participaciones S.L. (ETVE or the Buyer), the acquisition of the 60 % of outstanding
membership interest of Autopark LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Delaware, from Hasteny Trading S.A. (Hasteny or the Seller), a parent company organized under the laws of Uruguay, who owned all the
shares of the capital stock of Autopark LLC.  Autopark LLC owns directly and indirectly the 100% of the
membership interest of AP Clasificados S.R.L. de C.V. (AP Clasificados), a company organized under the laws of Mexico. AP Clasificados operates an online classified advertisements platform in Mexico primarily dedicated to the sale of
automobiles at www.autoplaza.com.mx and real estate at www.homeshop.com.mx (the Acquired Business).  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The aggregate purchase price paid by the Company to the Seller for the 60% of the Acquired Business was $5,472,056. In addition, the Company incurred in certain direct costs of the business combination
which were expensed as incurred.  On September 12, 2011 (the settlement date), part of the
purchase price amounting to $1,500,000, was placed into an escrow account, in order to cover unexpected liabilities and working capital. On September 12, 2012 and 2013, 50% of the escrow amount less the amount of all claims made by the Buyer,
if any, will be released, respectively. 
   27 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




6.
 Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Continued) 
Business Combinations (Continued)   
 In addition, ETVE has the right and option (but not the obligation) to
purchase the remaining 40% of the membership interest of Autopark LLC following the earlier to occur of (i) third anniversary of the settlement date, or (ii) additional capital contribution be required to capitalize Autopark LLC by their
own members decision and Hasteny does not make such additional capital contribution within ten (10) days of such members consent. The total consideration to be paid shall be the greater of (i) $4,000,000 and (ii) the
amount resulting from multiplying (A) the percentage of the membership interest held by Hasteny as of the date of the Call Notice by (B) an amount equal to 3.5 times the amount of invoiced sales of the Acquired Business for the twelve
months period ending on the date of Call Notice.  On the other hand, Hasteny has the right and option (but not
the obligation) to sell and transfer, all of the Hasteny interest in Autopark LLC, to ETVE and ETVE has the obligation to buy following the earlier to occur (i) the third anniversary of the effective date, (ii) the termination of the
employment of the main operating officer of the acquired company, or (iii) death or incapacitation of the main operating officer of the acquired company. The total consideration to be paid by ETVE for the Hasteny Interests shall be the same as
described in the preceding paragraph.  The Seller and its affiliates have also agreed to enter into certain
non-compete agreements with the Company for 5 years since September 12, 2011.  The Companys
statement of income includes the results of operations of the Acquired Businesses from September 15, 2011. 
The following table summarizes the allocation of the cash paid in the acquisition: 
 








September 30,




 Net Tangible Assets
    
$
 153,349
  

 Identifiable Intangible Assets
    
 
3,290,998
  

 Deferred Tax Liabilities
    
 
(987,299
) 

 Goodwill
    
 
6,663,045
  

 Noncontrolling interest
    
 
(3,648,037
) 


    
  
  
 

 Aggregate Purchase Price
    
$
5,472,056
  


    
  
  
 

 Assets acquired were valued at their respective fair values at the acquisition date according to U.S.
GAAP. The valuation of identifiable intangible assets acquired as well as non-controlling interest reflects managements estimates based on, among other factors, use of established valuation methods. The identifiable intangible assets consist
of trademarks and domains, customer lists and non-compete agreements. Management of the Company estimates that trademarks have an indefinite useful life, for that reason, these intangible assets are not amortized but they are subject to an annual
impairment test. Intangible assets associated with customer list and non-compete agreements are amortized over a five year period. 
   28 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




6.
 Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Continued) 
Business Combinations (Continued)   
 The Company recognized a goodwill because the acquired business is
expected to expand the companys business in Mexico and to strengthen the Companys leadership position in that country.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  The
results of operations for periods prior to the acquisition, individually and in the aggregate, were not material to the consolidated statements of operations of the Company and, accordingly, pro forma information has not been presented. 
Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
The composition of goodwill and intangible assets is as follows: 
 








September 30,



September 30,


  
    
December 
31,2011
 
  
December 
31,2010
 

    
  



 Goodwill
    
$
62,093,948
  
  
$
60,496,314
  

 Intangible assets with indefinite lives
    



  




 - Trademarks
    
 
5,068,147
  
  
 
2,460,952
  

 Amortizable intangible assets
    



  




 - Licenses and others
    
 
2,798,112
  
  
 
2,606,402
  

 - Non-compete agreement
    
 
1,270,807
  
  
 
1,241,357
  

 - Customer list
    
 
1,742,087
  
  
 
1,607,097
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total intangible assets
    
$
10,879,153
  
  
$
7,915,808
  

 Accumulated amortization
    
 
(4,384,296
) 
  
 
(3,774,641
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total intangible assets, net
    
$
6,494,857
  
  
$
4,141,167
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Goodwill  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as follows: 
   29 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 6.     Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Continued)
 Business Combinations (Continued)  <FONT
SIZE="1"> 









September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31, 2011
 

 
    
Brazil
 
 
Argentina
 
 
Chile
 
 
Mexico
 
 
Venezuela
 
 
Colombia
 
 
Other Countries
 
 
Total
 



 Balance, beginning of year
    
$
13,130,649
  
 
$
23,364,326
  
 
$
7,296,888
  
 
$
 5,025,623
  
 
$
4,846,030
  
 
$
5,448,068
  
 
$
1,384,730
  
 
$
60,496,314
  

 - Purchase of Autoplaza.com
    
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
6,663,045
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
6,663,045
  

 - Effect of exchange rates changes
    
 
(1,467,206
) 
 
 
(1,780,552
) 
 
 
(719,429
) 
 
 
(1,066,829
) 
 
 
  
  
 
 
(80,542
) 
 
 
49,147
  
 
 
(5,065,411
) 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 











 Balance, end of the year
    
$
11,663,443
  
 
$
21,583,774
  
 
$
6,577,459
  
 
$
10,621,839
  
 
$
4,846,030
  
 
$
5,367,526
  
 
$
1,433,877
  
 
$
62,093,948
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 




 
    
Year Ended December 31, 2010
 

 
    
Brazil
 
 
Argentina
 
 
Chile
 
 
Mexico
 
 
Venezuela
 
 
Colombia
 
 
Other Countries
 
 
Total
 

 Balance, beginning of year
    
$
12,565,062
  
 
$
24,446,463
  
 
$
6,734,405
  
 
$
4,770,560
  
 
$
4,846,030
  
 
$
5,100,939
  
 
$
1,359,287
  
 
$
59,822,746
  

 - Effect of exchange rates changes
    
 
565,587
  
 
 
(1,082,137
) 
 
 
562,483
  
 
 
255,063
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
347,129
  
 
 
25,443
  
 
 
673,568
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 











 Balance, end of the year
    
$
13,130,649
  
 
$
23,364,326
  
 
$
7,296,888
  
 
$
5,025,623
  
 
$
4,846,030
  
 
$
5,448,068
  
 
$
1,384,730
  
 
$
60,496,314
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Amortizable intangible assets 
Amortizable intangible assets are comprised of customer lists and user base, trademarks and trade names, non-compete
agreements, acquired software licenses and other acquired intangible assets including developed technologies. Aggregate amortization expense for intangible assets totaled $1,038,096, $841,774 and $590,793 for the years ended December 31, 2011,
2010 and 2009, respectively. 
 Expected future intangible asset
amortization from acquisitions completed as of December 31, 2011 is as follows:   







September 30,




 For year ended 12/31/2012
    
$
 816,656
  

 For year ended 12/31/2013
    
 
307,755
  

 For year ended 12/31/2014
    
 
160,579
  

 For year ended 12/31/2015
    
 
85,040
  

 For year ended 12/31/2016
    
 
56,680
  

 Thereafter
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 


    
$
1,426,710
  


    
  
  
 


 7.     Segments 
 Reporting segments are based upon the Companys internal organizational structure, the manner in
which the Companys operations are managed, the criteria used by management to evaluate the Companys performance, the availability of separate financial information, and overall materiality considerations. 
   30 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 7.     Segments (Continued) 
 
 Until the end of the second quarter of 2010, the Company had two
reportable business segments: marketplace and payments. The payments segment included charges for the use of the payments platform that allowed buyers to use credit cards for payments, and a financial charge when payments in installments were
chosen. Since the third quarter of 2010, the Company has redefined its segment reporting eliminating the business segmentation between marketplace and payments segments because management has decided to cease charging to buyers a separate fee for
using the payments platform in Brazil and Argentina, and rather allow all buyers to pay either directly to sellers or through the Companys platform without a special charge. The former payment fees are now embedded in the MercadoLibre
Marketplace fees. As a result, most of the revenue that used to be derived from the payments segment is no longer billed to buyers, and so management ceased the monitoring of the payment platform activity as a separate segment. Consequently, since
the third quarter of 2010, the Company segment reporting is based on geographic areas, being this the new criteria used by management to evaluate the Companys performance. MercadoPago continues charging a specific fee to its users when their
payments are not related to a Mercadolibre marketplace transactions and a financing charge when the installment-payment option is chosen by marketplace and non-marketplace users. The Companys segments are five including Brazil, Argentina,
Mexico, Venezuela and Other Countries (such as Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal and Uruguay). Segment reporting is based on geography as the main basis of segment breakdown to reflect the evaluation of
the Companys performance defined by the management.  Direct contribution consists of net revenues from
external customers less direct costs. Direct costs include specific costs of net revenues, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses over which segment managers have direct discretionary control, such as advertising and
marketing programs, customer support expenses, allowances for doubtful accounts, headcount compensation, third party fees. All corporate related costs have been excluded from the Companys direct contribution. 
Expenses over which segment managers do not currently have discretionary control, such as certain technology and general
and administrative costs are monitored by management through shared cost centers and are not evaluated in the measurement of segment performance.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The following tables summarize the financial performance of the Companys reporting segments (the table related to the year ended December 31, 2009 has been restated accordingly): 
   31 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 7.     Segments (Continued) 
 









September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
  
Year Ended December 31, 2011
 

 
  
Brazil
 
 
Argentina
 
 
Mexico
 
 
Venezuela
 
 
Other Countries
 
 
Total
 



 Net revenues
  
$
165,905,789
  
 
$
56,714,941
  
 
$
22,275,213
  
 
$
34,828,878
  
 
$
19,206,804
  
 
$
298,931,625
  

 Direct costs
  
 
(96,910,310
) 
 
 
(23,463,871
) 
 
 
(12,472,204
) 
 
 
(13,287,279
) 
 
 
(10,062,446
) 
 
 
(156,196,110
) 


  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Direct contribution
  
 
68,995,479
  
 
 
33,251,070
  
 
 
9,803,009
  
 
 
21,541,599
  
 
 
9,144,358
  
 
 
142,735,515
  









 Operating expenses and indirect costs of net revenues
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
(42,963,350
) 


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 









 Income from operations
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
99,772,165
  


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 









 Other income (expenses):
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Interest income and other financial gains
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
9,905,829
  

 Interest expense and other financial results
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
(3,648,733
) 

 Foreign currency gains
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
2,353,005
  

 Other income, net
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
73,894
  


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 









 Net income before income / asset tax expense
  



 



 



 



 



 
$
108,456,160
  


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 




 
  
Year Ended December 31, 2010
 

 
  
Brazil
 
 
Argentina
 
 
Mexico
 
 
Venezuela
 
 
Other Countries
 
 
Total
 

 Net revenues
  
$
122,825,076
  
 
$
39,892,763
  
 
$
18,950,450
  
 
$
20,885,541
  
 
$
14,161,883
  
 
$
216,715,713
  

 Direct costs
  
 
(73,393,467
) 
 
 
(19,649,506
) 
 
 
(11,723,168
) 
 
 
(9,875,510
) 
 
 
(7,785,914
) 
 
$
(122,427,565
) 


  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Direct contribution
  
 
49,431,609
  
 
 
20,243,257
  
 
 
7,227,282
  
 
 
11,010,031
  
 
 
6,375,969
  
 
 
94,288,148
  









 Operating expenses and indirect costs of net revenues
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
(19,689,585
) 


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 

 Income from operations
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
74,598,563
  


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 









 Other income (expenses):
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Interest income and other financial gains
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
4,931,215
  

 Interest expense and other financial results
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
(7,601,671
) 

 Foreign currency loss
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
(62,447
) 


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 









 Net income before income / asset tax expense
  



 



 



 



 



 
$
71,865,660
  


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 




 
  
Year Ended December 31, 2009
 

 
  
Brazil
 
 
Argentina
 
 
Mexico
 
 
Venezuela
 
 
Other Countries
 
 
Total
 

 Net revenues
  
$
93,087,758
  
 
$
26,737,937
  
 
$
15,314,982
  
 
$
27,331,095
  
 
$
10,371,849
  
 
$
172,843,621
  

 Direct costs
  
 
(50,230,893
) 
 
 
(12,506,604
) 
 
 
(9,655,783
) 
 
 
(13,717,899
) 
 
 
(5,978,443
) 
 
$
(92,089,622
) 


  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Direct contribution
  
 
42,856,865
  
 
 
14,231,333
  
 
 
5,659,199
  
 
 
13,613,196
  
 
 
4,393,406
  
 
 
80,753,999
  









 Operating expenses and indirect costs of net revenues
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
(24,720,280
) 


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 

 Income from operations
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
56,033,719
  


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 









 Other income (expenses):
  



 



 



 



 



 




 Interest income and other financial gains
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
2,695,109
  

 Interest expense and other financial results
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
(13,357,554
) 

 Foreign currency loss
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
(2,658,476
) 

 Other expenses, net
  



 



 



 



 



 
 
  
  


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 

 Net income before income / asset tax expense
  



 



 



 



 



 
$
42,712,798
  


  



 



 



 



 



 
  
  
 

 The following table summarizes the allocation of the long-lived tangible assets based on geography:

   32 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 7.     Segments (Continued) 
 









September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,2011
 
    
December 31,2010
 



 US long-lived tangible assets
    
$
 5,976,544
  
    
$
 3,617,420
  





 Other countries long-lived tangible assets
    



    




 Argentina
    
 
14,316,612
  
    
 
13,580,175
  

 Brazil
    
 
2,528,378
  
    
 
3,264,625
  

 Mexico
    
 
409,707
  
    
 
68,878
  

 Venezuela (*)
    
 
7,192,073
  
    
 
206,815
  

 Other countries
    
 
454,405
  
    
 
79,799
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 






    
$
24,901,175
  
    
$
17,200,292
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 





 Total long-lived tangible assets
    
$
30,877,719
  
    
$
20,817,712
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  


(*)
 On June 2, 2011, the Companys Venezuelan subsidiary acquired an office property of 992 square meters in a building located in Caracas,
Venezuela. The purchase price of $6,626,433 million was paid in cash. 
 The following table summarizes the allocation of the goodwill and intangible assets based on geography:
  








September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,2011
 
    
December 31,2010
 



 US intangible assets
    
$
   
  
    
$
 3,507
  





 Other countries goodwill and intangible assets
    



    




 Argentina
    
 
22,407,558
  
    
 
24,825,718
  

 Brazil
    
 
11,686,315
  
    
 
13,137,658
  

 Mexico
    
 
13,709,353
  
    
 
5,043,335
  

 Venezuela
    
 
6,599,584
  
    
 
6,595,866
  

 Other countries
    
 
14,185,995
  
    
 
15,031,397
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 






    
$
68,588,805
  
    
$
64,633,974
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 





 Total goodwill and intangible assets
    
$
68,588,805
  
    
$
64,637,481
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


 8.     Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities 
 The following table summarizes the Companys financial assets and liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2011 and 2010: 
   33 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 8.     Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities (Continued)
  









September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 Description
    
Balances as ofDecember 31,2011
 
    
Quoted Prices inactive markets foridentical Assets(Level 1)
 
    
Balances as ofDecember 31,2010
 
    
Quoted Prices inactive markets foridentical Assets(Level 1)
 



 Assets
    



    



    



    




 Cash and Cash Equivalents:
    



    



    



    




 Money Market Funds
    
$
20,836,617
  
    
$
20,836,617
  
    
$
14,578,477
  
    
$
14,578,477
  

 Investments:
    



    



    



    




 Asset backed securities
    
 
18,309,316
  
    
 
18,309,316
  
    
 
14,319,103
  
    
 
14,319,103
  

 Sovereign Debt Securities
    
 
10,708,563
  
    
 
10,708,563
  
    
 
13,147,239
  
    
 
13,147,239
  

 Corporate Debt Securities
    
 
17,824,331
  
    
 
17,824,331
  
    
 
11,381,761
  
    
 
11,381,761
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Total financial Assets
    
$
67,678,827
  
    
$
67,678,827
  
    
$
53,426,580
  
    
$
53,426,580
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 The Companys financial assets are valued using market prices on active markets (level 1).
Level 1 instrument valuations are obtained from real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company did not have any assets obtained from readily-available
pricing sources for comparable instruments (level 2) or without observable market values that would require a high level of judgment to determine fair value (level 3). 
The unrealized net gains on short term and long term investments are reported as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income. The Company does not anticipate any significant realized losses associated with those investments in excess of the Companys historical cost. 
In addition, as of December 31, 2011, the Company had $72,019,726 of short-term investments, which consisted of
time deposits. As of December 31, 2010, the Company had $45,340,944 of short-term and long-term investments, which consisted of time deposits. Those investments are accounted for at amortized cost which, as of December 31, 2011 and 2010,
approximates their fair values.  As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the carrying value of the
Companys cash and cash equivalents approximated their fair value which was held primarily in money market funds and bank deposits. In addition, the carrying value of accounts receivables, credit cards receivables, other receivables, other
assets, accounts payables, social security payables, taxes payables, loans and provisions and other liabilities approximates their fair values because of its short term maturity. 
   34 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 8.     Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities (Continued)
  
 For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company held no
direct investments in auction rate securities, collateralized debt obligations, structured investment vehicles. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company does not have any non-financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value.
 As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the fair value of short and long-term investments classified as
available for sale securities are as follows:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31, 2011
 

 
    
Gross 
AmortizedCost
 
    
GrossUnrealized<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">Gains
 
    
GrossUnrealized<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">Losses (1)
 
  
Estimated 
FairValue
 



 Short-term investments
    



    



    



  




 Sovereign Debt Securities
    
$
1,554,448
  
    
$
322
  
    
$
  
  
  
$
1,554,770
  

 Corporate Debt Securities
    
 
1,375,006
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
(20,882
) 
  
 
1,354,124
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total Short-term investments
    
$
2,929,454
  
    
$
322
  
    
$
(20,882
) 
  
$
2,908,894
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 







 Long-term investments
    



    



    



  




 Sovereign Debt Securities
    
$
8,483,883
  
    
$
669,910
  
    
$
  
  
  
$
9,153,793
  

 Corporate Debt Securities
    
 
16,386,974
  
    
 
187,946
  
    
 
(104,713
) 
  
 
16,470,207
  

 Asset Backed Securities (2)
    
 
17,647,012
  
    
 
715,749
  
    
 
(53,445
) 
  
 
18,309,316
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total Long-term investments
    
$
42,517,869
  
    
$
1,573,605
  
    
$
(158,158
) 
  
$
43,933,316
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 







 Total
    
$
45,447,323
  
    
$
1,573,927
  
    
$
(179,040
) 
  
$
46,842,210
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  







September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31, 2010
 

 
    
GrossAmortized 
Cost
 
    
GrossUnrealized<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">Gains
 
    
GrossUnrealized<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">Losses (1)
 
  
Estimated 
FairValue
 



 Short-term investments
    



    



    



  




 Corporate Debt Securities
    
$
398,752
  
    
$
26
  
    
$
(773
) 
  
$
398,005
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total short-term investments
    
$
398,752
  
    
$
26
  
    
$
(773
) 
  
$
398,005
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 







 Long-term investments
    



    



    



  










 Sovereign Debt Securities
    
$
13,282,207
  
    
$
98,958
  
    
$
(233,926
) 
  
$
13,147,239
  

 Corporate Debt Securities
    
 
10,987,910
  
    
 
110,521
  
    
 
(114,675
) 
  
 
10,983,756
  

 Asset Backed Securities (2)
    
 
14,107,501
  
    
 
439,239
  
    
 
(227,637
) 
  
 
14,319,103
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total long-term investments
    
$
38,377,618
  
    
$
648,718
  
    
$
(576,238
) 
  
$
38,450,098
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 







 Total
    
$
38,776,370
  
    
$
648,744
  
    
$
(577,011
) 
  
$
38,848,103
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  


(1)
 Unrealized losses from securities are primarily attributable to market price movements. Management does not believe any remaining unrealized losses
represent other-than-temporary impairments based on our evaluation of available evidence including the credit rating of the investments, as of December 31, 2011 and 2010. 


(2)
 Asset backed securities have investment grade credit ratings. These investments are collateralized by real estate and they are guaranteed by the
U.S. Federal Government. 

   35 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 8.     Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities (Continued)
  

 As of December 31, 2011, the
estimated fair values of short-term and long-term investments classified by its effective maturities are as follows:   







September 30,




 One year or less
    
$
 2,908,893
  

 One year to two years
    
 
4,649,868
  

 Two years to three years
    
 
9,450,793
  

 Three years to four years
    
 
16,858,312
  

 Four years to five years
    
 
2,713,862
  

 More than five years
    
 
10,260,482
  


    
  
  
 

 Total
    
$
46,842,210
  


    
  
  
 


 9.     Common Stock 
 Authorized, issued and outstanding shares 
As of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, as stated in the Companys Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the Fourth Amended Certificate of Incorporation), the Company has authorized 110,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock). 
As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, there were 44,142,020 and 44,131,376 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
with a par value of $0.001 per share, respectively.  Voting rights 
Each outstanding share of common stock, is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of holders of common
stock, except for stockholders that beneficially own more than 20% of the shares of the outstanding common stock, in which case the Board of Directors (the Board) may declare that any shares of stock above such 20% do not have voting
rights. The holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 
 10.     Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 As of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, pursuant to the Fourth Amended Certificate of
Incorporation, the Company authorized preferred stock consisting of 40,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company has no preferred stock subscribed and nor issued.

 11.     Compensation Plan for Outside Directors 
 The Company compensated its outside directors through the payment of cash fees and, from time to
time, through the issuance of equity awards. In 2009 and through June 10, 2010, each director was entitled to receive an annual cash retainer of $30,000. Additionally, the Chair of the Companys Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the lead independent director of the Company were entitled to receive additional annual cash retainers of $15,000, $12,000, $5,000 and $10,000, respectively.
   36 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 11.     Compensation Plan for Outside Directors (Continued) 
 
 On June 10, 2009, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,305 shares
of common stock and 8,350 restricted shares of common stock (the Restricted Shares) to the outside directors. The Restricted Shares vested in full in June 2010. Restricted Shares awarded to employees and directors were measured at their
fair market value using the grant-date price of the Companys shares. For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recognized nil, $37,696 and $85,689, respectively, of compensation expense related to these awards,
which are included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income.  For the years
ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company also recognized nil, nil and $27,944, respectively, of compensation expense related to prior awards of restricted shares to the outside directors, which amounts are included in operating
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income.  On June 25, 2010, the Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board), upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board, adopted The MercadoLibre, Inc. 2010 Director Compensation Program (the Plan) for outside directors which is effective as of
June 10, 2010. Under the terms of the plan, each outside director will receive an annual fee for services provided to the Company from June 10, 2010 to June 9, 2011 payable as follows: (a) a Non-Adjustable Board Service Award
which means a fixed cash payment of $32,436 and (b) an Adjustable Award which means a fixed cash amount of $43,248 multiplied by the average closing sale price of the Companys share during the last 30-trading day period as of the date of
the next Annual Meeting divided by the average closing sale price of the Companys share during the last 30-trading day period as of the date of the prior years Annual Meeting. The plan also included a Non-Adjustable Chair Service Award
for services provided to the Company from June 10, 2010 to June 9, 2011. Under the terms of the plan, the Chair of the Companys Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the lead
independent director of the Company are entitled to receive annual cash compensation in addition to existing director compensation in the amount of $16,218, $12,974, $5,406 and $10,812, respectively. The total accrued compensation cost for the years
ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 amounted to $294,582 and $280,247, respectively, and were included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income. 
On June 14, 2011, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), upon the recommendation of the
Compensation Committee of the Board, adopted The MercadoLibre, Inc. 2011 Director Compensation Program (the Plan) for outside directors which is effective as of June 14, 2011. Under the terms of the plan, each outside director will
receive an annual fee for services provided to the Company from June 10, 2011 to June 9, 2012 payable as follows: (a) a Non-Adjustable Board Service Award which means a fixed cash payment of $37,703 and (b) an Adjustable Award
which means a fixed cash amount of $50,271 multiplied by the average closing sale price of the Companys share during the last 
   37 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 11.     Compensation Plan for Outside Directors (Continued) 
 
 30-trading day period as of the date of the next Annual Meeting divided
by the average closing sale price of the Companys share during the last 30-trading day period as of the date of the prior years Annual Meeting. The plan also included a Non-Adjustable Chair Service Award for services provided to the
Company from June 10, 2011 to June 9, 2012. Under the terms of the plan, the Chair of the Companys Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the lead independent director of the
Company are entitled to receive annual cash compensation in addition to existing director compensation in the amount of $18,852, $15,081, $6,284 and $12,568, respectively. The total accrued compensation cost for the year ended December 31, 2011
amounted to $276,368, and is included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The total accrued compensation cost related to outside Directors for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 in cash and equity awards amounts to $570,950, $402,107 and $305,632,
respectively which were included in operating expenses. 
 12.     Stock Option Plan and Restricted Shares 
 Pursuant to the Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, (the
Plan) the Company has reserved 4,732,400 shares of Common Stock for issuance under the Plan.  On
June 10, 2009, the Annual Shareholders Meeting approved the adoption of the 2009 Equity Compensation Plan, which contains terms substantially similar to the terms of the 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan scheduled to
expire in November 2009. The 2009 plan has reserved for issuance 294,529 shares of the Companys common stock under the 1999 plan. As of December 31, 2011, there are 275,199 shares available for grant under the 1999 plan. 
Stock Options  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Stock option awards granted under the Plan are at the discretion of the Companys Board of Directors and may be in the form of either incentive or nonqualified stock options. Outstanding options
granted under the Plan are fully vested and expire ten years after the date of grant.  Stock-based
compensation expense related to stock options for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 was nil, $244 and $1,752, respectively.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Stock-based compensation expense was based on the estimated portion of the awards that are expected to vest. As of December 31, 2011, total stock-based compensation is vested. 
There was no granting during the period from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2011. 
Stock option activity is as follows: 
   38 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 12.   Stock Option Plan and Restricted Shares (Continued) 
Stock Options (Continued)   









September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 

 
    
Number ofoptions
 
  
Weighted-average<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">exercise price
 
    
Number ofoptions
 
  
Weighted-average<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">exercise price
 



 Outstanding, beginning of year
    
 
11,763
  
  
$
1.69
  
    
 
18,889
  
  
$
2.02
  

 Exercised
    
 
(5,950
) 
  
 
1.88
  
    
 
(7,126
) 
  
 
2.55
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Outstanding, end of the year
    
 
5,813
  
  
 
1.50
  
    
 
11,763
  
  
 
1.69
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Exercisable, end of the year
    
 
5,813
  
  
$
1.50
  
    
 
11,763
  
  
 
1.69
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 The following details the outstanding options at December 31, 2011 and 2010: 
 








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


September 30,


September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 December 31,
2011
 
    
December 31, 2010
 

 
    
Outstanding
 
    
Exercisable
 
    
 
    
Outstanding
 
    
Exercisable
 

 Exercise
price
    
Number ofoptions
 
    
Weighted-averageremaining
contractuallife (years)
 
    
Number ofoptions
 
    
Exerciseprice
    
Number ofoptions
 
    
Weighted-averageremaining
contractuallife (years)
 
    
Number ofoptions
 



 $1.50
    
 
5,813
  
    
 
2.63
  
    
 
5,813
  
    
$1.50
    
 
11,263
  
    
 
4.21
  
    
 
11,263
  

 $6.00
    
 
-
  
    
 
-
  
    
 
-
  
    
$6.00
    
 
500
  
    
 
5.75
  
    
 
500
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    

    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 


    
 
5,813
  
    
 
2.63
  
    
 
5,813
  
    

    
 
11,763
  
    
 
4.28
  
    
 
11,763
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    

    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 






 Weighted average Exercise Price
   
    



    
 Weighted average Exercise Price
   
    




 - Options outstanding
   
    
$
1.50
  
    
 - Options outstanding
   
    
$
1.69
  

 - Options exercisable
   
    
$
1.50
  
    
 - Options exercisable
   
    
$
1.69
  
  







September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,2011
 
    
December 31,2010
 



 Aggregate intrinsic value
    



    




 - Options outstanding
    
$
453,647
  
    
$
764,051
  

 - Options exercisable
    
$
453,647
  
    
$
764,051
  

 The aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the Companys closing stock price
of $79.54 and $66.65 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and the exercise price multiplied by the number of options (outstanding and exercisable) as of December 31, 2011 and 2010. 
Restricted Shares  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">On September 17, 2007, the Company awarded each of the two outside directors 1,000 Restricted Shares for their original grants. On January 24, 2008, the Company awarded a new outside director
600 Restricted Shares for his original grant. On May 6, 2008, the Board also designated a new director and a current director as outside directors, determining to extend the Companys outside director compensation program to these two
directors. On June 9, 2008, the Company awarded each of the two new outside directors 674 Restricted Shares for their original grants. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, these shares are fully vested and are not restricted anymore.

   39 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




12.  Stock
 Option Plan and Restricted Shares (Continued) 
Restricted Shares (Continued) 
 
 However, as described in Note 11, the 8,350 shares related to the second
year of board service were restricted shares for the year ended December 31, 2009 and vested in the 2010 annual stockholders meeting. As of December 31, 2011, there are no unvested shares awarded to outside directors. 
Based on the fair market value of the Companys share at the grant date, total compensation cost for the 3,948
Restricted Shares awarded amounted to $149,470. For the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recognized $27,944 of compensation expense related to these awards, which were included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statement of income. No compensation expense related to these awards was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The additional grants of shares for fixed amounts of US dollars were classified as liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet up to June 10, 2009, the issuance date. As from the
issuance date, the outstanding liabilities amounting to $171,099 as well as all future compensation cost is classified as equity. For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recognized $nil, $37,696 and $85,689,
respectively, of compensation expense related to these awards, which are included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income.   



13.
 Management incentive bonus plan 
 In September 2001, the Company implemented the 2001 Management Incentive Bonus Plan (the
Incentive Plan) to provide incentives to, and align the interests of, senior management with the Companys shareholders. As established in the Incentive Plan, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, with the consent of the Board
of Directors, made the initial determination as to the executives entitled to the benefits under the plan (the Participants) and the amounts of participation (the Participation Percentages). The Board of Directors administers
the Incentive Plan.  Pursuant to the Incentive Plan, if the Company is sold, the Participants are entitled to
receive a sale bonus and a stay bonus as follows:   


 

 
 If the purchase price is equal or greater than $20,000,000, then Participants shall be entitled to receive i) a sale bonus equal to 5.5% of the
purchase price and ii) a stay bonus equal to 7.1% of the purchase price; provided, however, that in no event shall the amount paid or payable by the purchaser considered for the Incentive Plan calculation exceed $78,335,000. Each Participant shall
participate on these bonuses based on its Participation Percentage. 
   40 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 13.   Management incentive bonus plan (Continued) 
 



 

 
 If the purchase price is less than $20,000,000, then Participants shall be entitled to receive a stay bonus equal to 7.1% of the purchase price.
Each Participant shall participate on this stay bonus based on its Participation Percentage. 
As the consummation of the sale is not considered probable, no provision has been recognized at December 31, 2011.
  



14.
 Income Taxes 
 The components of pretax income in consolidated companies for the years ended December 31, 2011,
2010 and 2009 are as follows:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 



 United States
    
$
(680,845
) 
  
$
(757,843
) 
  
$
(842,576
) 

 Brazil
    
 
52,457,909
  
  
 
38,264,509
  
  
 
17,516,520
  

 Argentina
    
 
23,855,329
  
  
 
17,131,466
  
  
 
11,462,508
  

 Venezuela
    
 
16,839,295
  
  
 
9,272,804
  
  
 
7,838,746
  

 Mexico
    
 
6,554,066
  
  
 
4,485,169
  
  
 
2,605,974
  

 Other Countries
    
 
9,430,406
  
  
 
3,469,555
  
  
 
4,131,626
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
$
108,456,160
  
  
$
71,865,660
  
  
$
42,712,798
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Income / Asset tax is composed of the following: 
 








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 
  
2009
 



 Current:
    



  



  




 Federal
    
$
  
  
  
$
  
  
  
$
  
  

 Foreign
    
 
29,848,193
  
  
 
22,170,007
  
  
 
11,489,043
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
29,848,193
  
  
 
22,170,007
  
  
 
11,489,043
  






 Deferred:
    



  



  




 Federal
    
 
2,114,486
  
  
 
416,098
  
  
 
  
  

 Foreign
    
 
(340,950
) 
  
 
(6,785,532
) 
  
 
(2,512,958
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
1,773,536
  
  
 
(6,369,434
) 
  
 
(2,512,958
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
31,621,729
  
  
 
15,800,573
  
  
 
8,976,085
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 






 Asset Tax:
    



  



  




 Federal
    
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  

 Foreign
    
 
38,092
  
  
 
40,068
  
  
 
527,920
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
 
38,092
  
  
 
40,068
  
  
 
527,920
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Income / asset tax expense
    
$
31,659,821
  
  
$
15,840,641
  
  
$
9,504,005
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


   41 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 14.     Income Taxes (Continued) 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of the difference between the actual
provision for income taxes and the provision computed by applying the blended income tax rate for 2011, 2010 and 2009 to income before taxes:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year Ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
 
2010
 
 
2009
 



 Net income before income tax
    
$
108,456,160
  
 
$
71,865,660
  
 
$
42,712,798
  

 Weighted average income tax rate
    
 
33
% 
 
 
34
% 
 
 
33
% 


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 






 Provision at blended tax rate
    
$
35,727,808
  
 
$
24,540,595
  
 
$
14,083,389
  

 Permanent differences:
    



 



 




 Non-deductible expenses
    
 
2,528,463
  
 
 
1,286,090
  
 
 
338,873
  

 Dividend distributions
    
 
2,132,063
  
 
 
622,334
  
 
 
1,246,218
  

 Non-taxable income
    
 
(6,497,097
) 
 
 
(4,984,027
) 
 
 
(3,025,270
) 

 Currency translation
    
 
(916,166
) 
 
 
(686,151
) 
 
 
(269,553
) 

 Change in valuation allowance
    
 
(1,604,230
) 
 
 
(4,535,603
) 
 
 
(3,430,348
) 

 True up
    
 
250,888
  
 
 
(442,665
) 
 
 
32,776
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 






 Income tax expense
    
$
31,621,729
  
 
$
15,800,573
  
 
$
8,976,085
  


    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The following table summarizes the composition of deferred tax
assets and liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010:   








September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,
 
  
December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
  
2010
 



 Deferred tax assets
    



  




 Allowance for doubtful accounts
    
$
5,356,384
  
  
$
4,034,439
  

 Property and equipment, net
    
 
86,934
  
  
 
70,734
  

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses
    
 
83,218
  
  
 
144,606
  

 Payroll and social security payable
    
 
1,994,873
  
  
 
1,388,920
  

 Other liabilities
    
 
308,764
  
  
 
270,746
  

 Customer lists
    
 
61,957
  
  
 
72,478
  

 Taxes payable
    
 
644,990
  
  
 
770,632
  

 Provisions
    
 
2,640,679
  
  
 
2,308,378
  

 Foreign tax credit
    
 
2,965,668
  
  
 
2,436,224
  

 Tax loss carryforwards
    
 
4,365,413
  
  
 
9,207,470
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total deferred tax assets
    
 
18,508,880
  
  
 
20,704,627
  

 Valuation allowance
    
 
(2,885,596
) 
  
 
(4,818,253
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 





 Net deferred tax assets
    
 
15,623,284
  
  
 
15,886,374
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Deferred tax liabilities
    



  




 Unrealized net gains on investments
    
 
(470,230
) 
  
 
(26,206
) 

 Property and equipment, net
    
 
(2,334,316
) 
  
 
(587,209
) 

 Customer lists
    
 
(185,123
) 
  
 
(189,906
) 

 Non compete agreement
    
 
(92,828
) 
  
 
(86,639
) 

 Outside basis dividends
    
 
(3,794,007
) 
  
 
(2,806,200
) 

 Trademarks
    
 
(1,643,205
) 
  
 
(861,333
) 

 Foreign exchange effect
    
 
(150,897
) 
  
 
(610,206
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 

 Total deferred tax liabilities
    
 
(8,670,606
) 
  
 
(5,167,699
) 


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


    
$
6,952,678
  
  
$
10,718,675
  


    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 


   42 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 14.     Income Taxes (Continued) 
 
 The total amount of $6,952,678 for the year ended December 31,
2011, is disclosed in the consolidated balance sheet as current asset, non-current asset and non-current liability amounting to $9,131,638, $6,491,646 and $8,670,606, respectively. 
The total amount of $10,718,675 for the year ended December 31, 2010, is disclosed in the consolidated balance sheet
as current asset, non-current asset and non-current liability amounting to $12,911,256, $2,975,118 and $5,167,699, respectively.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">As of December 31, 2011, consolidated loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were $14,681,274. If not utilized, tax loss carryforwards will begin to expire as follows: 
 








September 30,




 2012
    
$
 114
  

 2013
    
 
814,860
  

 2014
    
 
1,474,698
  

 2015
    
 
274,653
  

 Thereafter
    
 
12,116,949
  


    
  
  
 

 Total
    
$
14,681,274
  


    
  
  
 

 In addition, as of December 31, 2011 we had $3,794,007 of tax credit carryforwards that we
estimate will be fully used in 2013. These tax credit carryforwards expire in 2021.  During the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company has reversed $1,955,723 and $4,648,574, respectively related to certain foreign and domestic valuation allowances based on the assessment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will
be realized.  We have not considered $64.3 million of the non-U.S. subsidiaries undistributed earnings
as of December 31, 2011 for U.S. federal income tax purposes because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in our international operations and potential acquisitions related to those operations. Upon distribution of those
earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, we would be subject to U.S. income taxes if such distribution exceeds available foreign tax credits. It is not practicable to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these earnings
were to be distributed. We do not expect a material impact in any repatriation of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries on our operations since the taxable domestic gains generated by any dividend distributions will be mostly offset with
foreign tax credits that arise from income tax paid in our foreign operations, which we are allowed to compute for domestic income tax purposes. 
   43 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




15.
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Litigation and Other Legal Matters 
The Company is subject to certain contingent liabilities with respect to existing or potential claims, lawsuits and other
proceedings. The Company accrues liabilities when it considers probable that future costs will be incurred and such costs can be reasonably estimated. The proceeding-related reserve is based on developments to date and historical information related
to actions filed against the Company. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had established reserves for proceeding-related contingencies of $1,765,242 to cover legal actions against the Company. In addition, as of December 31, 2011 the
Company and its subsidiaries are subject to certain legal actions considered by the Companys management and its legal counsels to be reasonably possible for an aggregate amount up to $2,359,960. 
No loss amount has been accrued for such possible legal actions of which most significant (individually or in the
aggregate) are described below.  As of December 31, 2011, 398 legal actions were pending in the Brazilian
ordinary courts, 8 of which were related to alleged intellectual property infringement. In addition, as of December 31, 2011, there were 1,983 cases still pending in Brazilian consumer courts. Filing and pursuing of an action before Brazilian
consumer courts do not require the assistance of a lawyer. In most of the cases filed against the Company, the plaintiffs asserted that the Company was responsible for fraud committed against them, or responsible for damages suffered when purchasing
an item on the Companys website, when using MercadoPago, or when the Company invoiced them.  On
March 17, 2006, Vintage Denim Ltda., or Vintage, sued the Companys Brazilian subsidiaries MercadoLivre.com Atividades de Internet Ltda. and eBazar.com.br Ltda. in the 29th Civil Court of the County of S&atilde;o Paulo, State of S&atilde;o
Paulo, Brazil. Vintage requested a preliminary injunction alleging that these subsidiaries were infringing Diesel trademarks and their right of exclusive distribution as a result of sellers listing allegedly counterfeit and original imported Diesel
branded clothing through the Brazilian page of the Companys website, based on Brazilian Industrial Property Law (Law 9,279/96). Vintage sought an order enjoining the sale of Diesel-branded clothing on the Companys platform. A preliminary
injunction was granted on April 11, 2006 to prohibit the offer of Diesel-branded products, and a fine for non-compliance was imposed in the approximate amount of $5,300 per defendant per day of non-compliance. The Company appealed that fine and
obtained its suspension in 2006. Because the appeal of the preliminary injunction failed, in March of 2007, Vintage presented petitions alleging the Companys non-compliance with the preliminary injunction granted to Vintage and requested a
fine of approximately $3.3 million against the Companys subsidiaries, which represents approximately $5,300 per defendant per day of alleged non-compliance since April 2006. In July 2007, the judge ordered the payment of the
fine mandated in the preliminary injunction, without specifying the amount. In September 2007, the judge decided that (i) the Brazilian subsidiaries were not responsible for alleged infringement of intellectual property rights by its
users; and that (ii) the plaintiffs did not prove the alleged infringement of its intellectual property rights. However, the 
   44 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




15.
 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 
Litigation and Other Legal Matters (Continued)  <FONT
SIZE="1"> 
 
decision maintained the injunction until such ruling is non-appealable. The plaintiff appealed the judges ruling regarding the subsidiarys non-responsibility and the Company appealed
the decision that maintained the preliminary injunction. On July 26, 2011 the State Court of Appeals of the State of S&atilde;o Paulo confirmed the judges ruling regarding our subsidiarys non-responsibility. The decision on the
appeal regarding the decision that maintained the preliminary injunction is still pending. In the opinion of the Companys legal counsel, as of December 31, 2011, the amount of $213,242 was not reserved since it was considered reasonably
possible but not probable.  State of S&atilde;o Paulo Fraud Claim 
On June 12, 2007, a state prosecutor of the State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil presented a claim against the
Brazilian subsidiary. The state prosecutor alleges that the Brazilian subsidiary should be held liable for any fraud committed by sellers on the Brazilian version of the Companys website, or responsible for damages suffered by buyers when
purchasing an item on the Brazilian version of the MercadoLibre website. On June 26, 2009, the Lower Court Judge ruled in favor of the State of S&atilde;o Paulo prosecutor, declaring that the Brazilian subsidiary shall be held joint and
severally liable for fraud committed by sellers and damages suffered by buyers when using the website, and ordering the Brazilian subsidiary to remove from the Terms of Service of the Brazilian website any provision limiting the Companys
responsibility, with a penalty of approximately $2,500 per day of non-compliance. On June 29, 2009 the Company presented a recourse to the lower court, which was not granted. On September 29, 2009 the Company presented an appeal and
requested to suspend the effects of the ruling issued by the lower court until the appeal is decided by State Court of Appeals, which request was granted on December, 1, 2009. The decision on the appeal is still pending. In the opinion of the
Companys management and its legal counsel the risk of loss is reasonably possible.  City of S&atilde;o Paulo Tax
Claim  In 2007 S&atilde;o Paulo tax authorities have asserted taxes and fines against our Brazilian
subsidiary relating to the period from 2005 to 2007 in an approximate amount of $5.9 million according to the exchange rate at that moment. In 2007 the Company presented administrative defenses against the authorities claim and the tax
authorities ruled against the Brazilian subsidiary. In 2009 the Company presented an appeal to the Conselho Municipal de Tributos or S&atilde;o Paulo Municipal Council of Taxes which reduced the fine. On February 11, 2011, the Company appealed this
decision to the C&acirc;maras Reunidas do Egr&eacute;gio Conselho Municipal de Tributos or Superior Chamber of the S&atilde;o Paulo Municipal Council of Taxes which maintained the reduction of the Infraction. As of the date of these financial
statements, the total amount of the claim is approximately $ 5.8 million including surcharges and interest. With this decision the administrative stage is finished. On August 15, 2011, the

   45 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




15.
 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Litigation and Other Legal Matters (Continued)  City of
S&atilde;o Paulo Tax Claim (Continued)   
 
Company made a deposit in court of approximately R$ 9.5 million or $ 5.2 million, according to the exchange rate at December 31, 2011, and filed a lawsuit in 8<FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="1">th Public Treasury Court of the County of S&atilde;o Paulo, State of
S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil order to contest the taxes and fines asserted by the Tax Authorities. The Companys management and its legal counsel believe that the risk of loss is remote, and as a result, has not reserved any provisions for this
claim.  Brazilian Federal Tax Claims 
On September 2, 2011, the Brazilian Federal tax authority has asserted taxes and fines against our Brazilian
subsidiary relating to the Income Tax for the 2006 period in an approximate amount of R$ 5.2 million or $2.8 million, according to the exchange rate at December 31, 2011. On September 30, 2011 the Company presented administrative
defenses against the tax authorities claim. The Companys management and its legal counsel believe that the risk of loss is remote, and as a result, the Company has not reserved any provisions for this claim. 
State of S&atilde;o Paulo Customer Service Level Claim 
On September 1, 2010, a state prosecutor of the State of S&atilde;o Paulo, Brazil presented a claim against the
Companys Brazilian subsidiary. The state prosecutor alleges that the Brazilian subsidiary should improve its customer service level and provide (among other things) a telephone number for customer support. On November 17, 2010, the Judge
of the first instance court granted an injunction against the Brazilian subsidiary imposing the obligation to provide customer service over telephone means within 60 days with a penalty of approximately $65,000 per day of non-compliance. On
April 08, 2011, the Company was summoned of the lawsuit and the injunction. On April 14, 2011, the Company presented recourse to the lower court; even though, the injunction was not lifted, an extension of 30 days was granted, and the
non-compliance fine would start running as of July 11, 2011. On April 20, 2011 the Company presented an appeal and requested to suspend the effects of the injunction issued by the lower court until the appeal is decided by State Court of
Appeals which was granted on May 4, 2011. On November 29, 2011, the state prosecutor signed an agreement with the Brazilian subsidiary and presented a motion for dismissal of the case. On January 16, 2012, Instituto Bar&atilde;o de
Mau&aacute; de Defesa de V&iacute;timas e Consumidores contra Entes Poluidores e Maus Fornecedoreas, a consumer protection entity which had joined the case as a co-plaintiff, presented a petition manifesting its partial disagreement with the
commitments assumed by the Company. A judges decision is pending. In the opinion of the Companys management and its legal counsel the risk associated with this claim is considered remote. 
   46 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




15.
 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Litigation and Other Legal Matters (Continued)   
 State of Rio de Janeiro Customer Service Level Claim 
On August 19, 2011, a state prosecutor of the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil presented a claim against the
Companys Brazilian subsidiary. The state prosecutor alleges that the Brazilian subsidiary should improve our customer service level and provide (among other things) a telephone number for customer support and requested an injunction against
our Brazilian subsidiary. On August 23, 2011, the Judge of the first instance court denied the aforementioned injunction. On December 07, 2011, the Company was summoned of the lawsuit. In the opinion of the Companys management and
its legal counsel the risk of loss is reasonably possible.  Other third parties have from time to time
claimed, and others may claim in the future, that the Company was responsible for fraud committed against them, or that the Company has infringed their intellectual property rights. The underlying laws with respect to the potential liability of
online intermediaries like the Company are unclear in the jurisdictions where the Company operates. Management believes that additional lawsuits alleging that the Company has violated copyright or trademark laws will be filed against the Company in
the future.  Intellectual property and regulatory claims, whether meritorious or not, are time consuming and
costly to resolve, require significant amounts of management time, could require expensive changes in the Companys methods of doing business, or could require the Company to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements. The Company may be
subject to patent disputes, and be subject to patent infringement claims as the Companys services expand in scope and complexity. In particular, the Company may face additional patent infringement claims involving various aspects of the
Payments businesses.  From time to time, the Company is involved in other disputes or regulatory inquiries
that arise in the ordinary course of business. The number and significance of these disputes and inquiries are increasing as the Companys business expands and the Company grows larger. 
Operating leases  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The Company has leases for office space in the various countries it operates in. Total rental expense amounted to approximately $2,275,171, $2,388,445, and $2,363,566 for the years ended December 31,
2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.  Minimum remaining annual commitments under the non-cancelable operating
leases are as follows:   








September 30,




 For the year ended December 31, 2012
    
$
1,568,217
  

 For the year ended December 31, 2013
    
 
1,368,067
  

 For the year ended December 31, 2014
    
 
908,134
  

 For the year ended December 31, 2015
    
 
187,709
  

 Thereafter
    
 
65,590
  


    
  
  
 


    
$
4,097,717
  


    
  
  
 


   47 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




15.
 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 
 
 Capital leases 
On February 22, 2010, our Argentina subsidiary signed a car lease contract to buy 12 cars for certain employees. The
remaining liability related to this lease contract amounts to $128,944 and matures in July 2013.  In
addition, during September of 2011, the Company signed another car lease contract to buy 8 cars for certain employees of the Company. The total lease contract amounts to $153,477 and matures in September 2014. 
Employment Contracts  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Each of the executive officers of the Company are a party to individual employment agreements that provide for annual base estimated salaries aggregating approximately $1,340,000 per year, a performance
based estimated bonus aggregating to approximately $1,330,000 per year, and some fringe benefits. The employment agreements automatically renew annually, if not terminated by either party. Each agreement includes clauses that provide in the event of
employment termination without cause, the Company must pay the employee 12 months of base salary. 
Additionally, the executive officers of the Company are included in the Long Term Retention Plans mentioned in Note 16.
Under the 2008 Plan the executive officers of the Company will receive approximately $156,740 and 2,986 shares in a period of 3 months. In addition, under the 2009 Plan the executive officers of the Company will receive approximately $2,021,757 in a
period of 5 years and 3 months. Under the 2010 Plan the executive officers of the Company will receive approximately $4,338,173 in a period of 6 years and 3 months. At last, under the 2011 Plan the executive officers of the Company will receive
approximately $4,881,174 in a period of 7 years and 3 months.   



16.
 Long Term Retention Plan 
 On August 8, 2008, the Board of Directors approved an employee retention program that will be
payable 50% in cash and 50% in shares, in addition to the annual salary and bonus of certain executives. Payments will be made in the first quarter on annual basis according to the following vesting schedule: 
 



 

 
 Year 1 (2008): 17%   


 

 
 Year 2 (2009): 22%   


 

 
 Year 3 (2010): 27%   


 

 
 Year 4 (2011): 34% 
 In March 2009, the abovementioned 17% related to Year 1 was paid. In April 2010, the Company paid the
22% related to the Year 2, and in April 2011, the Company paid the 27% related to the Year 3. 
   48 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




16.
 Long Term Retention Plan (Continued) 
 
 In addition, the 2008 Long Term Retention Plan (the 2008
LTRP) has a performance condition which has been achieved at the date of these financial statements and also requires the employee to stay in the Company at the payment date. The compensation cost is recognized in accordance with the
graded-vesting attribution method and is accrued up to each payment date.  The total compensation cost of the
2008 LTRP amounts to approximately $1.6 million including cash and shares. The 21,591 shares granted were valued at the grant-date fair market value of $36.8 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2011, the related accrued compensation
expense was $98,451 corresponding $49,246 to the share portion of the award credited to Additional Paid-in Capital and $49,205 to the cash portion included in the Balance Sheet as Payroll and social security payable. For the year ended
December 31, 2010, the related accrued compensation expense was $246,357 corresponding $103,720 to the share portion of the award credited to Additional Paid-in Capital and $142,637 to the cash portion included in the Balance Sheet as Payroll
and social security payable. As of December 31, 2009, the related accrued compensation expense was $398,175 corresponding $155,470 to the share portion of the award credited to Additional Paid-in Capital and $242,705 to the cash portion which
includes the Social security payable.  The following table summarizes the number of shares for each of the
following groups:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,
 
    
December 31,
 
    
December 31,
 

 Number of Shares
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 








 Granted
    
 
21,591
  
    
 
21,591
  
    
 
21,591
  

 Non-vested at the beginning of the year
    
 
10,163
  
    
 
15,015
  
    
 
21,591
  

 Non-vested at the end of the year
    
 
5,098
  
    
 
10,163
  
    
 
15,015
  

 Forfeited
    
 
4,220
  
    
 
3,847
  
    
 
2,976
  

 Vested and paid to the employees
    
 
12,273
  
    
 
7,581
  
    
 
3,600
  

 Outstanding
    
 
5,098
  
    
 
10,163
  
    
 
15,015
  

 The following table details the aggregate intrinsic value and weight-average remaining contractual life
of the shares at December 31, 2011:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Outstanding
 

 
    
December 31,
 
    
December 31,
 
    
December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 








 Shares Outstanding
    
 
5,098
  
    
 
10,163
  
    
 
15,015
  






 Closing price of share
    
 
79.54
  
    
 
66.65
  
    
 
51.87
  

 Weighted average exercise price
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

 Intrinsic value
    
 
79.54
  
    
 
66.65
  
    
 
51.87
  






 Aggregate intrinsic value
    
 
405,495
  
    
 
677,313
  
    
 
778,828
  


   49 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




16.
 Long Term Retention Plan (Continued) 
 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate intrinsic value and the
weighted average remaining contractual life of the shares paid at the end of December 31, 2011, under the 2008 LTRP:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31,
 
    
December 31,
 
    
December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 



 Aggregate intrinsic value
    



    



    




 - Shares outstanding
    
 
405,495
  
    
 
677,313
  
    
$
778,828
  

 - Shares paid
    
 
389,367
  
    
 
191,920
  
    
 
61,740
  

 Weighted-average remaining contractual life (years)
    
 
0.25
  
    
 
0.81
  
    
 
1.39
  

 On July 15, 2009, June 25, 2010 and August 1, 2011, the Board of Directors, upon
the recommendation of the compensation Committee approved the 2009, the 2010 and the 2011 employee retention programs (the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP). The 2011 LTRP was approved by the Compensation Committee on June 27, 2011. The
awards under the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP are fully payable in cash in addition to the annual salary and bonus of each employee.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP will be paid in 8 equal annual quotas (12.5% each) commencing on March 31, 2010, March 31, 2011 and March 31, 2012, respectively. Each quota is calculated
as follows:   


 

 
 6.25% of the amount will be calculated in nominal terms (the nominal basis share), 
 


 

 
 6.25% is adjusted by multiplying the nominal amount by the average closing stock price for the last 60 trading days of the year previous to the
payment date and divided by the average closing stock price for the last 60 trading days of 2008, 2009 and 2010 for the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP, respectively. The average closing stock price for the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP amounted to $13.81,
$45.75 and $65.41, respectively (the variable share).   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
December 31, 2011
 
    
December 31, 2010
 
    
December 31, 2009
 

 
    
 
 
    
Weighted-average
 
    
 
 
    
Weighted-average
 
    
 
 
    
Weighted-average
 

 
    
Aggregate
 
    
remaining
 
    
Aggregate
 
    
remaining
 
    
Aggregate
 
    
remaining
 

 
    
Intrinsic
 
    
contractual
 
    
Intrinsic
 
    
contractual
 
    
Intrinsic
 
    
contractual
 

 
    
value
 
    
life (years)
 
    
value
 
    
life (years)
 
    
value
 
    
life (years)
 











 Outstanding LTRP 2009
    
 
5,070,581
  
    
 
2.75
  
    
 
5,095,701
  
    
 
3.25
  
    
 
4,457,346
  
    
 
3.75
  

 Outstanding LTRP 2010
    
 
3,818,221
  
    
 
3.25
  
    
 
4,283,526
  
    
 
3.75
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  

 Outstanding LTRP 2011
    
 
3,754,634
  
    
 
3.72
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
    



    




 The 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP have performance and/or eligibility conditions to be achieved at
each year end and also require the employee to stay in the Company at the payment date.  The 2008 LTRP
compensation cost and the variable share compensation cost of the 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP are recognized in accordance with the graded-vesting attribution method and are accrued up to each payment date. The 2009, 2010 and 2011 LTRP nominal basis
share are recognized in straight line bases using the equal annual accrual method. 
   50 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




16.
 Long Term Retention Plan (Continued) 
 
 The following tables summarize the LTRP accrued compensation expense for
the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Year ended December 31,
 

 
    
2011
 
    
2010
 
    
2009
 








 LTRP 2008
    
$
98,451
  
    
$
246,357
  
    
$
398,175
  

 LTRP 2009
    
 
1,457,838
  
    
 
1,675,185
  
    
 
1,503,773
  

 LTRP 2010
    
 
1,330,238
  
    
 
1,657,952
  
    
 
  
  

 LTRP 2011
    
 
1,519,760
  
    
 
  
  
    
 
  
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 







    
$
4,406,287
  
    
$
3,579,494
  
    
$
1,901,948
  


    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

  



17.
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 On November 14, 2008, the Company announced that its board of directors approved a share
repurchase plan authorizing the Company to repurchase, from available capital, up to $20 million of the Companys outstanding common stock from time to time through November 13, 2009. The timing and amount of any share repurchase under the
share repurchase plan were determined by management of the Company based on market conditions and other considerations, and repurchases may be effected in the open market, through derivative, accelerated repurchase and other privately negotiated
transactions and through plans designed to comply with Rules 10b-18 or 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The share repurchase plan did not require the Company to acquire any specific number of shares and may be
temporarily or permanently suspended or discontinued by the Company at any time. A committee of the board of directors reevaluated the operation of the plan each fiscal quarter. 
During November and December 2008, the Company sold written put options of its own shares as part of the Share Repurchase
Plan, those put options were not exercised at the expiration date and for that reason, during the first quarter of 2009, the Company recognized a gain of $185,000. 
The Company accounted for its written put options as derivative instruments and measured them initially and subsequently
at fair value. The liabilities associated with these derivative instruments were recorded at fair value in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
During March 2009, the Company sold written put options of its own shares. The following table summarizes the written put
option transactions made in the first quarter of 2009: 
   51 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




17.
 Share Repurchase Plan (Continued)   









September 30,


 
    
Total
 






 Number of Shares
    
 
226,000
  

 Premium
    
 
302,997
  

 Average Price
    
 
1.34
  

 Commissions and other fees
    
 
(6,782
) 

 Cash received
    
 
296,215
  

 These put options were not exercised at the expiration date and for that reason, during the first half
of 2009, the Company recognized a gain of $302,997.  No additional written put option transactions were made
since the second quarter of 2009. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010 there was no written put options transaction outstanding.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Those derivative financial instruments were not accounted for as hedges and, therefore, the change in the fair value of these instruments was recorded in the income statement as interest income and other
financial gains.   



18.
 Related Party Transactions 
 Indemnification agreements 
The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with each of the directors and executive officers of its local
subsidiaries. These agreements require the Company to indemnify such individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the jurisdiction where these subsidiaries operate, for certain liabilities to which they may become subject by reason of
the fact that such individuals are or were directors or executive officers of the local subsidiaries of the Company.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">Curtidos San Luis S.A.  Until February 22, 2011, the
Company leased office space from Curtidos San Luis S.A. Immediate family of Marcos Galperin (CEO) are managers and shareholders of the controlling company of Curtidos San Luis S.A. After February 14, 2011, the Companys Argentine
subsidiary moved its headquarters and Argentine operation offices to a new own office building located in the City of Buenos Aires. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recognized expenses from Curtidos San Luis
S.A. totaling $253,924, $872,768 and $903,094, respectively. As of December 31, 2011, the Company estimates a partial recovery of the lease contract escrow for $16,553. 
As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the amounts payable to this supplier were $46,825 and $3,352, respectively.

   52 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




18.
 Related Party Transactions (Continued) 
Curtidos San Luis S.A. (Continued) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company bought VAT
credits from Curtidos San Luis S.A. The Company recognized a gain for $24,095 related to the discount received in the transaction. As of December 31, 2011, there are no receivables related to these transactions. 
eBay Inc.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">The Company had an agreement with eBay for the use of marketing software, a paid search bidding tool, and 50% time of an analyst to manage it at eBay headquarters. During the year ended December 31,
2011, the Company recognized expenses from eBay Inc. for a total amount of $199,697. As of December 31, 2011, the amount payable to this supplier was $268.   



19.
 Valuation and qualifying accounts 
 The following table summarizes valuation and qualifying accounts activity during the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
 
 
    
Charged /
 
  
 
 
  
 
 

 
    
Balance at
 
    
credited to
 
  
Charges
 
  
Balance
 

 
    
beginning of
 
    
Net income /
 
  
Utilized /
 
  
at end of
 

 
    
year
 
    
(loss)
 
  
Write-offs
 
  
year
 



 Allowance for doubtful accounts
    



    



  



  




 Year ended December 31, 2009
    
 
8,510,127
  
    
 
9,681,048
  
  
 
(14,493,168
) 
  
 
3,698,007
  

 Year ended December 31, 2010
    
 
3,698,007
  
    
 
15,093,326
  
  
 
(7,230,765
) 
  
 
11,560,568
  

 Year ended December 31, 2011
    
 
11,560,568
  
    
 
17,560,508
  
  
 
(13,169,579
) 
  
 
15,951,497
  







 Credit cards receivable allowance for chargebacks
    



    



  



  




 Year ended December 31, 2009
    
 
167,020
  
    
 
572,555
  
  
 
(652,026
) 
  
 
87,549
  

 Year ended December 31, 2010
    
 
87,549
  
    
 
46,083
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
133,632
  

 Year ended December 31, 2011
    
 
133,632
  
    
 
1,376,361
  
  
 
(1,304,886
) 
  
 
205,107
  







 Tax valuation allowance
    



    



  



  




 Year ended December 31, 2009
    
 
11,652,192
  
    
 
(897,123
) 
  
 
(1,485,674
) 
  
 
9,269,395
  

 Year ended December 31, 2010
    
 
9,269,395
  
    
 
(3,946,289
) 
  
 
(504,853
) 
  
 
4,818,253
  

 Year ended December 31, 2011
    
 
4,818,253
  
    
 
(1,878,518
) 
  
 
(54,139
) 
  
 
2,885,596
  







 Contingencies
    



    



  



  




 Year ended December 31, 2009
    
 
1,050,316
  
    
 
1,543,438
  
  
 
(1,354,174
) 
  
 
1,239,580
  

 Year ended December 31, 2010
    
 
1,239,580
  
    
 
1,735,239
  
  
 
(1,326,285
) 
  
 
1,648,534
  

 Year ended December 31, 2011
    
 
1,648,534
  
    
 
2,178,717
  
  
 
(2,062,009
) 
  
 
1,765,242
  


   53 








 MercadoLibre Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   




20.
 Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The following tables present certain consolidated quarterly financial information for each of the last
twelve quarters for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:   








September 30,



September 30,



September 30,



September 30,


 
    
Quarter Ended
 

 
    
March 31,
 
    
June 30,
 
    
September 30,
 
    
December 31,
 









 2011
    



    



    



    










 Net Revenues
    
$
61,459,668
  
    
$
69,378,160
  
    
$
81,628,144
  
    
$
86,465,653
  

 Gross profit
    
 
47,127,964
  
    
 
52,439,042
  
    
 
61,567,671
  
    
 
65,741,114
  

 Net Income
    
 
14,057,634
  
    
 
14,820,826
  
    
 
26,296,449
  
    
 
21,621,431
  

 Net Income per share-basic
    
 
0.32
  
    
 
0.34
  
    
 
0.60
  
    
 
0.47
  

 Net Income per share-diluted
    
 
0.32
  
    
 
0.34
  
    
 
0.60
  
    
 
0.47
  

 Weighted average shares
    



    



    



    




 Basic
    
 
44,131,383
  
    
 
44,138,105
  
    
 
44,141,925
  
    
 
44,142,020
  

 Diluted
    
 
44,147,667
  
    
 
44,152,296
  
    
 
44,151,218
  
    
 
44,152,658
  







 2010
    



    



    



    





    



    



    



    










 Net Revenues
    
$
45,937,774
  
    
$
52,510,331
  
    
$
55,951,378
  
    
$
62,316,230
  

 Gross profit
    
 
36,044,723
  
    
 
41,098,770
  
    
 
44,500,459
  
    
 
48,521,916
  

 Net Income
    
 
9,620,601
  
    
 
11,673,962
  
    
 
18,790,963
  
    
 
15,939,493
  

 Net Income per share-basic
    
 
0.22
  
    
 
0.26
  
    
 
0.43
  
    
 
0.36
  

 Net Income per share-diluted
    
 
0.22
  
    
 
0.26
  
    
 
0.43
  
    
 
0.36
  

 Weighted average shares
    



    



    



    




 Basic
    
 
44,113,595
  
    
 
44,121,087
  
    
 
44,129,762
  
    
 
44,131,376
  

 Diluted
    
 
44,149,700
  
    
 
44,145,255
  
    
 
44,151,367
  
    
 
44,151,762
  







 2009
    



    



    



    





    



    



    



    










 Net Revenues
    
$
32,322,501
  
    
$
40,901,799
  
    
$
50,599,276
  
    
$
49,020,045
  

 Gross profit
    
 
25,688,515
  
    
 
32,306,322
  
    
 
40,208,605
  
    
 
38,682,129
  

 Net Income
    
 
5,391,176
  
    
 
6,679,779
  
    
 
9,852,268
  
    
 
11,285,570
  

 Net Income per share-basic
    
 
0.12
  
    
 
0.15
  
    
 
0.22
  
    
 
0.26
  

 Net Income per share-diluted
    
 
0.12
  
    
 
0.15
  
    
 
0.22
  
    
 
0.26
  

 Weighted average shares
    



    



    



    




 Basic
    
 
44,069,134
  
    
 
44,074,462
  
    
 
44,088,936
  
    
 
44,108,207
  

 Diluted
    
 
44,130,866
  
    
 
44,127,208
  
    
 
44,138,031
  
    
 
44,143,281
  

  



21.
 Cash Dividend Distribution 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, the Company approved cash dividends for a total
amount of $14.1 million or $0.32 per share, which had all been paid as of the year-end, except for the one approved in October 2011, consisting of $3,531,362 or $0.08 per share, which was paid on January 17, 2012. 
On February 17, 2012, the Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $4.8 million on our outstanding
shares of common stock. The dividend is payable on April 16, 2012 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 30, 2012.  <FONT
STYLE="font-family:Times New Roman" SIZE="2">*    *    *    * 

   54 





