              > August 1st, 2024                                                          Q2’24 Results




                         MercadoLibre’s Q2’24 Earnings Video Transcript


PART I: Introduction and Disclaimer - Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer
        Hello everyone, and welcome to the Mercado Libre earnings conference call for the quarter ended
June 30, 2024. Thank you for joining us. I am Richard Cathcart, Mercado Libre’s Investor Relations Oﬃcer.
        Today we will share our quarterly highlights on video, after which we will begin our live Q&A session
with our management team. Before we go on to discuss our results of the second quarter of 2024, I remind
you that management may make or refer to, and this presentation may contain, forward-looking statements
and non-GAAP measures, so please refer to the disclaimer on screen, which will also be available in our
earnings materials on our investor relations website.



PART II: Introduction - Marcos Galperín, Chief Executive Oﬃcer

        Tomorrow, August 2, 2024, marks 25 years since we founded Mercado Libre with the mission of
democratizing commerce and ﬁnancial services in Latin America.
        Over those 25 years, we have built a sustainable company that provides millions of small and
medium-sized businesses with the tools they need to compete with larger players; we have enabled the shift
to online retail by providing tens of millions of consumers with world-class levels of service; and we have
included millions of people into the ﬁnancial system across the region for the ﬁrst time.
        These are notable achievements, but they are also just a baseline from which we think about our even
bigger ambitions to deliver on our mission at an even greater scale.
        We are as optimistic as ever about the opportunities that are ahead of us and we are excited to pursue
them with the culture of entrepreneurship, excellence and innovation that has served us well for the last 25
years.
        This is therefore a great moment to reaﬃrm our belief that the best is yet to come.
        Now, I will pass it on to Martín for more information on the second quarter of 2024.



PART III: Overview and Financial Results - Martín de los Santos, Chief Financial Oﬃcer
          Thank you Marcos,
          Hello everyone,
          I am pleased to highlight Mercado Libre's outstanding performance in the second quarter of 2024,
with strong growth across our key business segments as well as solid bottom line ﬁnancial results.
          In Commerce, we saw the highest growth in sold items and unique buyers since 2021, with both
metrics accelerating sequentially. GMV performed well across geographies, particularly in Brazil where the
36% growth marks the highest level since 2021. Mexico maintained its momentum with a successful Hot Sale
once again. In Argentina, we saw positive growth in sold items reverting the negative growth rate we saw in
Q1. This growth is a result of our commitment to improving the user experience through innovation and
technology and the investments we continue to make in our key strategic initiatives such as fulﬁllment and
MELI+.
          In Fintech Services, strong growth in monthly active users which surpassed the 50 million MAU and
solid engagement metrics demonstrate the traction of Mercado Pago. We continue to see positive adoption of
our remunerated account in all of our major markets resulting in strong growth of AUM.
          Our consumer and merchant credit books continue to scale while delivering strong proﬁtability. During
the quarter, we issued 1.6 million new credit cards and TPV grew by 3x from last year. The credit card is a
critical component of our ﬁntech value proposition, and we feel conﬁdent about scaling this product as a result
of the improving accuracy of our underwriting models.
                                                                                          Q2’24 Results



        Acquiring TPV growth was also strong in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina in Q2'24. This was a result of
our move up market strategy, in order to serve larger merchants and the continuous innovation in the Online
Payment segment.
        Our Consolidated Financial Results for the second quarter reﬂect the solid performance of our
Commerce and Fintech operations with revenue of $5.1 Billion dollars growing above 40%. We delivered
Income from Operations of $726 million dollars and Net Income of 531 million dollars, resulting in a Net Income
margin of 10.5%, the highest in the last eight years.
        For more information on our results, please refer to our shareholder letter. Now, I will pass it on to
Richard for business news.


PART IV: Business Highlights - Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer

         Our logistics network plays a major role in enabling ecommerce in the region and driving more oﬄine
retail online. It has become a key competitive advantage for Mercado Libre. Innovation is a foundation of the
success of our logistics network, and we are pleased to share some of our most recent innovations today.
         During the second quarter of 2024, Mercado Libre launched a fulﬁllment center in Texas, USA. This is
the ﬁrst FC outside of Latin America and it was opened to expand the assortment of products we oﬀer to
Mexican consumers by plugging US sellers into our ecosystem. This is complementary to our existing
cross-border business from China into Mexico.
         We are oﬀering a great shipping service for our US-based assortment. Buyers are receiving their
packages from the USA within a couple of days in the north of Mexico, and within approximately three days in
Mexico City. Shipping is free and we also oﬀer interest-free installments.
         In June 2024, we took another major step in our innovation journey with the launch of robotics in our
distribution center in Cajamar, just outside the city of Sao Paulo. A total of more than 300 robots will have
arrived by the end of the year, with 100 of those already up & running.
         These robots will collaborate with the human workforce and will handle tasks such as transporting
shelves containing products from storage areas. This optimizes processing time by 20%. This enables us to
automate repetitive tasks like product sorting, whilst reducing the distance that our workforce has to walk
around the distribution center. It also increases total storage capacity by up to 15% per square meter.
         These robots operate autonomously, handling up to 20.000 items and 2.500 shelves per day,
returning to charge stations when their batteries are low. This ongoing investment in technology and
innovation reﬂects our commitment to creating an increasingly eﬃcient logistics network.
         By building greater ﬂexibility into our logistics operations, we have developed SLOW shipments which
oﬀer additional shipping options for buyers and eﬃciencies for Mercado Libre. SLOW shipments occur when a
buyer chooses a slower shipping option than would be otherwise available to them because it may be more
convenient or in some circumstances it may come with a lower shipping cost.
         This enables us to take advantage of moments of idle capacity in two key cost areas of our networks:
1) processing in our FCs; and 2) the line haul trucks that travel between cities.
         With SLOW shipments, the shipping window becomes larger and more ﬂexible for MELI, which means
we can choose the moments of greatest idleness to process products in our FCs and ship them between cities
in line hauls to maximize network capacity utilization.
         MELI Delivery Day is another innovation, which has slightly diﬀerent beneﬁts to SLOW shipping. The
main eﬃciency built into the MDD model is in the last mile, where several deliveries at a single address on a
single drop means that last mile vans can drop more packages at fewer addresses. This helps us to dilute our
last mile costs.
         Innovation and eﬃciency will continue to be key to the success of our shipping operations. For a more
detailed discussion, check out the podcast on our IR website with the Head of Mercado Envios.
         From cross-border in Texas to robotics in Sao Paulo and MDD across Brazil, Mexico and Chile, we
continue to innovate and will continue to do so because as always at MELI, the best is yet to come.


                                                Thank you
                                      Q2’24 Results




> CONTACT:
  MercadoLibre, Inc.
   Investor Relations
   investor@mercadolibre.com

   http://investor.mercadolibre.com
