               > May 2nd, 2024                                                                Q1’24 Results




                           MercadoLibre’s Q1’24 Earnings Video Transcript


  PART I: Introduction and Disclaimer - Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer
         Hello everyone, and welcome to the Mercado Libre earnings conference call for the quarter ended
 March 31st, 2024. Thank you for joining us. I am Richard Cathcart, Mercado Libre’s Investor Relations Oﬃcer.
 Today we will share our quarterly highlights on video, after which we will begin our live Q&A session with our
 management team. Before we go on to discuss our results of the ﬁrst quarter of 2024, I remind you that
 management may make or refer to, and this presentation may contain, forward-looking statements and
 non-GAAP measures, so please refer to the disclaimer on screen, which will also be available in our earnings
 materials on our investor relations website.
         With that, let’s begin with a summary of our results.


PART II: Overview and Financial Results - Martin de los Santos, Chief Financial Oﬃcer

          Hello everyone,
          I'm pleased to report another quarter of solid results, with excellent operational and ﬁnancial
 performance in Brazil and Mexico.
          Both countries posted GMV growth of approximately 30% year on year as we carry over strong
 momentum from Q4.
          This above-market growth is being driven by several factors, including:
          1) improvements in the user experience, with MELI+ as a highlight;
          2) our strategic investments in shipping infrastructure, which are driving faster growth in speciﬁc target
 regions;
          3) AND a well-executed marketing campaign that is leveraging on the awareness we generated in Q4
 around peak season.
          In addition, our Advertising business continues to grow nicely and reached record levels of GMV
 penetration in all major markets.
          Mercado Pago also had a solid performance in Mexico and Brazil, with some of the highlights being:
          1) Acquiring TPV growth accelerating sequentially in both countries;
          2) Solid credit growth, with the portfolio surpassing $4.4bn by the end of Q1; and
          3) A strong quarter for the Mercado Pago Credit Card, with over 1.5 mn new card issues and TPV
 reaching 1.9Bn and growing 173% from last year.
          In summary, during Q1 we delivered a strong operational performance in Commerce and Fintech both
 in Brazil and Mexico, which has oﬀset the negative impact of a weak macro in Argentina and the Peso
 devaluation.
          Before turning to our ﬁnancial performance in more detail, I'd like to highlight that there are a couple
 of reporting updates that have taken eﬀect this quarter. Investors can ﬁnd a summary of the impacts on our
 ﬁnancials in this quarter's Shareholder Letter and a full reconciliation in our Earnings Presentation. My
 comments today will refer to numbers that are comparable with the ﬁgures we reported in Q1 last year.
          Consolidated revenue grew at a fast pace on the back of the strong operational momentum I
 mentioned earlier. Brazil and Mexico had an outstanding quarter, and their revenue growth was suﬃcient to
 oﬀset the impact of headwinds in Argentina.
          Income from Operations grew strongly YoY once again, with margin expansion driven mainly by Brazil
 and Mexico.
          This reﬂects the combination of growth, scale and cost eﬃciency that drives operating leverage. Our
 long-term ambition is to continue delivering both growth AND proﬁt, and we are conﬁdent in our ability to
 achieve it.
          Net income grew at a faster rate than income from operations as lower FX losses partially oﬀset the
 decline in income from operations in Argentina.
                                                                                          Q1’24 Results



        Furthermore, the reporting updates I mentioned earlier have a broadly neutral impact on net income.
        Overall, we are very pleased with the performance of the business in Q1'24 - despite the Argentina
headwind - and this is a great way to kick oﬀ MercadoLibre's 25th anniversary year.
        Now I'll pass over to Richard for more on the solid foundations we have built as we look forward to our
next 25 years.


     PART III: Business Highlights - Richard Cathcart, Investor Relations Oﬃcer

         In 2024, Mercado Libre will celebrate its 25th anniversary, and we look back on the progress we have
made in democratizing commerce and ﬁnancial services in Latin America. Today, MELI is the leading
technology company in Latin America, and a major tech company globally, and has been recognised for its
innovation, growth and impact in the region.
         In addition to business growth and impact, MercadoLibre has a consistent track record of generating
shareholder value since our IPO in 2007.
         We look forward to the next 25 years with great conﬁdence and optimism as we still see plenty of
opportunities to continue to grow and fulﬁll our mission in a region that provides us with a large addressable
market.
         In Latin America ecommerce is far from mature and ﬁnancial services are ripe for disruption.
         We are the leading ecommerce platform in the region, which has signiﬁcant potential for growth from
new buyers and higher frequency as engagement and penetration of retail rise.
         By building the fastest and most extensive delivery network in the region, and by oﬀering the widest
assortment and the best UX, we have become a natural destination for buyers and sellers. This drives a
uniquely powerful and self-reinforcing network eﬀect as sellers invest to maximize their sales by capitalizing
on our traﬃc, whilst buyers receive an ever-improving value prop., which drives more traﬃc and growth.
         We are also building one of the largest Retail Media platforms
         in the region, which leverages our extensive ﬁrst-party data to oﬀer advertisers unique audience
targeting capabilities and a complete full funnel strategy.
         We are challenging the status quo in Financial Services by oﬀering a wide array of easy-to-use
services for Individuals and Merchants in large markets underserved by incumbents, we have become one of
the region’s leading Fintechs.
         Our ecosystem is our competitive advantage in Fintech Services; its data is uniquely rich and enables
us to cross-sell. It also enables us to have a better view of credit risk, and operate a business which matches
the lowest cost-to-serve in the region.
         We have built a highly proﬁtable Acquiring business on the back of the technology and know-how
developed for our marketplace; we are one of the largest Fintechs in this market and are well-placed for
market share gains across the region.
         We are also building MELI+ with the ambition of being the largest and most valued loyalty program in
the region by leveraging our ecosystem to oﬀer unique beneﬁts.
         Technology is at the heart of everything we do, and having one of the largest teams of engineers in
the region ensures non-stop innovation and product development.
         We have a diversiﬁed mix of revenue with ample opportunities for growth and monetization, our scale,
ﬁnancial discipline and tech-ﬁrst mentality mean we have low-cost structures with solid and sustainable
proﬁtability. Our Income from Operations surpassed $2bn in 2023, with consistent margin expansion in the last
few years
         MercadoLibre’s powerful intrinsic impact on the people we serve encourages entrepreneurship and
promotes ﬁnancial inclusion. We are proud of the achievements of the last 25 years, but our mission is far from
complete. As the leader in an ecommerce market that is far from mature, and one of the leaders in a ﬁnancial
services market that is ripe for disruption, we are conﬁdent and optimistic in our future growth.

        As we look forward to the next 25 years, we are conﬁdent that the best is yet to come.


                                                Thank you
                                      Q1’24 Results




> CONTACT:
  MercadoLibre, Inc.
   Investor Relations
   investor@mercadolibre.com

   http://investor.mercadolibre.com
