For personal use only


                                       ANNUAL REPORT
                        2018 TRANSITION PERIOD
                           1 JULY 2018 - 30 SEPTEMBER 2018
                        Corporate Information

                        ABN 87 000 721 380




For personal use only
                        Directors
                        M Iwaniw (Chairman)
                        P Thompson (Managing Director)
                        M Carroll (Non-Executive Director)
                        F S Grimwade (Non-Executive Director)
                        N Anderson (Non-Executive Director)
                        F Bennett (Non-Executive Director)


                        Company Secretary
                        B Crump


                        Registered Office - Select Harvests Limited
                        360 Settlement Road
                        Thomastown VIC 3074

                        Postal address
                        PO Box 5
                        Thomastown VIC 3074
                        Telephone (03) 9474 3544

                        Email info@selectharvests.com.au


                        Solicitors
                        Minter Ellison Lawyers


                        Bankers
                        National Australia Bank Limited
                        Rabobank Australia


                        Auditor
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers


                        Share Register
                        Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                        Yarra Falls
                        452 Johnston Street
                        Abbotsford VIC 3067
                        Telephone (03) 9415 4000


                        Website
                        www.selectharvests.com.au




                                                                      1
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period   30 September 2018



                        Contents
                         Directors' Report                                                                      3
                         Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                                    25
                         Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                     27




For personal use only
                         Balance Sheet                                                                         28
                         Statement of Changes in Equity                                                        29
                         Statement of Cash Flows                                                               30
                         Notes to the Financial Statements                                                     31
                         Directors' Declaration                                                                73
                         Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members                                           74
                         ASX Additional Information                                                            82




                                                                           2
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018


                        The directors present their report together with the financial report of Select Harvests Limited and controlled
                        entities (referred to hereafter as the “Company”, “the Group” or “the consolidated entity”) for the three
                        months ended 30 September 2018.

                        The Board of Directors resolved to change the Company’s financial year end from 30 June to 30 September
                        effective from 1 July 2018. This change has been made to more appropriately align with the cropping cycle
                        of the Company’s business. Given the Company’s primary source of earnings, and its major focus, from an




For personal use only
                        operational perspective, is the growth and production of almonds at its almond orchards, this change will
                        ensure an improved and more timely level of disclosed information at required reporting dates relating to:
                             - crop yield estimates (half year)
                             - quality and selling price estimates (half and full year)
                             - committed volumes of sales (full year)

                        This change means that the current reporting period is a three-month transitional financial period beginning
                        on 1 July 2018 and ending on 30 September 2018. Future financial periods will then revert to a twelve-
                        month financial year, commencing on 1 October and ending 30 September. The comparative period in this
                        financial report is the last set of externally audited financial accounts being the twelve months ended 30
                        June 2018.

                        Directors
                        The qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of each person who has been a director of Select
                        Harvests Limited at any time during or since the end of the three month period ended 30 September 2018 is
                        provided below, together with details of the company secretary. Directors were in office for this entire period
                        unless otherwise stated.

                        Names, qualifications, experience and special responsibilities
                        M Iwaniw, B Sc, Graduate Diploma in Business Management, MAICD (Chairman)
                        Appointed to the board on 27 June 2011 and appointed Chairman 3 November 2011. He began his career
                        as a chemist with the Australian Barley Board (ABB), became managing director in 1989 and retired 20
                        years later. During these years he accumulated extensive experience in all facets of the company’s
                        operations, including leading the transition from a statutory authority and growing the business from a small
                        base to an ASX 100 listed company. He helped orchestrate the merger of ABB Grain, AusBulk Ltd and
                        United Grower Holdings Limited to form one of Australia’s largest agri-businesses. He has a Bachelor of
                        Science, a graduate diploma in business administration and is a member of the Australian Institute of
                        Company Directors. Michael is the immediate past Chairman of Australian Grain Technologies. He is a
                        member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                        Interest in shares: 205,503 fully paid shares.

                        P Thompson, B Bus and MAICD (Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer)
                        Appointed the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Select Harvests Limited on 9 July
                        2012. Paul has over 30 years of management experience. Formerly President of SCA Australasia, part of
                        the SCA Group, one of the world’s largest personal care and tissue products manufacturers. He is a
                        member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and has formerly held positions as a Director of the
                        Food and Grocery Council and councillor in the Australian Industry Group.
                        Interest in Shares: 483,607 fully paid shares.

                        M Carroll, B AgSc, MBA and FAICD (Non-Executive Director)
                        Joined the board on 31 March, 2009. He brings to the Board diverse experience from executive and non-
                        executive roles in food and agribusiness. Current non-executive board roles include Elders Limited (ASX:
                        ELD, director since September 2018), Rural Funds Management (ASX: RFF; director since April 2010),
                        Rural Funds Poultry, Paraway Pastoral Company, Australian Rural Leadership Foundation and Viridis Ag
                        Pty Ltd. Previous board roles include Queensland Sugar Limited, Tassal (ASX: TGR, 2014-2018) and
                        Warrnambool Cheese & Butter. During his executive career Mike established and led the NAB’s
                        agribusiness division with earlier senior executive roles including marketing, investment banking and
                        corporate advisory services. He is Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                        Interest in Shares: 20,997 fully paid shares.


                                                                               3
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period            30 September 2018


                        F S Grimwade, B Com, LLB (Hons), MBA, FAICD, SF Fin and FCIS (Non-Executive Director)
                        Appointed to the board on 27 July, 2010. Fred is a Principal and Director of Fawkner Capital, a specialist
                        corporate advisory and investment firm. He is Chairman of CPT Global Ltd (ASX: CGO; director since
                        October 2002) and XRF Scientific Ltd (ASX: XRF; director since May 2012) as well as being a director of
                        Australian United Investment Company Ltd (ASX: AUI; director since March 2014) and AgCap Pty Ltd. He
                        was formerly Chairman of Troy Resources Ltd (2013-2017), a non-executive director of AWB Ltd., and has
                        held general management positions with Colonial Agricultural Company, Colonial Mutual Group, Colonial




For personal use only
                        First State Investments Group, Western Mining Corporation and Goldman, Sachs and Co. He is a current
                        member of the Audit and Risk Committee.

                        Interest in shares: 106,375 fully paid shares.


                        N Anderson, B Bus, MBA, GAICD (Non-Executive Director)
                        Appointed to the board on 21 January 2016. Nicki is an accomplished leader with deep experience in
                        strategy, marketing and innovation within branded food and consumer goods businesses, including agri
                        businesses of SPC Ardmona and McCain. Nicki has over 20 years local and international experience
                        including senior positions in marketing and innovation within world class FMCG companies and was
                        Managing Director within the Blueprint Group concentrating on sales, marketing and merchandising within
                        the retail sales channel. She is currently a Non-Executive director of the Australia Made Campaign Limited,
                        Funtastic Ltd. (ASX: FUN; director since October 2018), Skills Impact (representing the National Farmers
                        Federation) and Mrs Mac’s Pty Ltd. She is the Chair of the Monash University Advisory Board (Marketing).
                        She is a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Audit and Risk Committee.

                        Interest in shares: 7,071 fully paid shares.

                        F Bennett, BA (Hons), FCA, FAICD and FIML (Non-Executive Director)
                        Appointed to the board on 6 July 2017. Fiona has an extensive background in corporate governance, audit
                        and risk. She is currently on the Board of Hills Limited (ASX: HIL; director since May 2010) and is the
                        Chairman of the Victorian Legal Services Board. Fiona has previously served on the boards of Beach
                        Energy Limited (2012-2017), Boom Logistics Limited (2010-2015), Alfred Health and the Institute of
                        Chartered Accountants in Australia. She was formerly a senior executive in several leading listed companies
                        and major government sector and consulting organisations. She is Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee.

                        Interest in shares: 7,500 fully paid shares.


                        Brad Crump (Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary)
                        Joined Select Harvests as Chief Financial Officer on 20 November 2017 and appointed Company Secretary
                        on 7 August 2018. He is a Certified Practising Accountant and has over 10 years experience in senior
                        financial management. Most recently he has been the CFO of Redflex Limited and previously gained
                        extensive experience in agribusiness as CFO of Landmark (Australia’s largest rural services provider) and
                        senior roles within AWB Limited. He brings extensive agribusiness, agri services and related capital
                        management experience to the role.

                        Interest in shares: Nil.

                        V Huxley, BCom, CA, AGIA (Company Secretary)
                        Joined Select Harvests in 2011 and was appointed Assistant Company Secretary in November 2014 and as
                        Company Secretary in November 2017. She resigned on 24 August 2018. She is a Chartered Accountant
                        with over 15 years of experience in senior financial management and corporate advisory roles across
                        agriculture, manufacturing, retail and the healthcare industry.

                        Interest in shares: Nil.




                                                                             4
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018


                        Corporate Information
                        Nature of operations and principal activities

                        The principal activities during the period of entities within the Company were:
                            The growing, processing and sale of almonds to the food industry from company owned and leased
                                almond orchards, the provision of management services to external owners of almond orchards,




For personal use only
                                including orchard development, tree supply, farm management, land rental and irrigation
                                infrastructure, and the marketing and selling of almonds on behalf of external investors; and
                            Processing, packaging, marketing and distribution of edible nuts, dried fruits, seeds, and a range of
                                natural health foods.


                        Employees
                        The Company employed 551 full time equivalent employees as at 30 September 2018 (30 June 2018: 558
                        full time equivalent employees).

                        Full time equivalent employees include: executive, permanent, contractor and seasonal (casual and labour
                        agency hire) employment types.


                        Operating and Financial Review
                        Highlights and Key developments during the three-month period ended 30 September 2018

                        Financial reports in prior periods include, under AASB 141 Agriculture accounting, the fair value estimate for
                        the almond crop related to that period. An important factor in recognising the upcoming crop’s fair value is to
                        be able to reasonably estimate the related revenue and costs. At the point of preparing the accounts for the
                        period, the revenue and costs relating to the 2019 crop cannot be reasonably estimated due to the number
                        of key assumptions that can still vary. These assumptions include crop yield, crop quality, climatic
                        conditions, sales price, foreign exchange, input costs and processing costs.

                        As a result of the uncertainties above, no 2019 crop fair value (profit) has been recognised for the period.
                        The presented financial results for this current period include earnings from the Food segment, non-2019
                        crop related earnings from the Almond segment and corporate costs.

                        Given the major portion of the company’s earnings arise from the related period’s crop, the non-recognition
                        of this component of the company’s earnings has resulted in a small loss for the period. The company’s new
                        financial year commences on 1 October 2018. Therefore, on the release of the half-year results ending 31
                        March 2019 50% of the 2019 crop profit will be recognised.

                        The focus by the Board, Executive Management and employees continues to be to consolidate the
                        company’s asset base to deliver improved returns though increasing yields, improved cost of production and
                        optimising the capital project investments made in the past two years. Debt levels continue to be effectively
                        managed through improved operating cashflows and a reduction in major capital expenditure. Green field
                        expansion, mature orchard acquisitions and non-almond related opportunities continue to be assessed for
                        future growth.




                                                                               5
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018


                        Financial Performance Review
                        Profitability

                        Reported Net Loss After Tax (NLAT) is $1.54 million. Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT) is a loss of
                        $1.05 million.




For personal use only
                        As detailed above given the shortened transitional reporting period and no recognition of the 2019 crop fair
                        value a small loss has been recorded. Normal recognition of crop earnings and profitability levels will
                        recommence in the new financial year starting 1 October 2018.


                        Results Summary and Reconciliation
                                                                                           Reported Result (AIFRS)

                                                                                        3 months to           12 months to
                                                                                    30 September 2018         30 June 2018
                               EBIT                                                            $ 000’s                $ 000’s
                               Almond Division                                                    (1,013)               35,447
                               Food Division                                                        1,216                4,952
                               Corporate Costs                                                    (1,255)               (5,530)
                               Operating EBIT                                                     (1,052)               34,869
                               Interest Expense                                                   (1,037)               (5,405)
                               Net (Loss)/ Profit Before Tax                                      (2,089)               29,464
                               Tax benefit/ (expense)                                                 553               (9,093)
                               Net (Loss)/ Profit After Tax                                       (1,536)               20,371
                               (Loss)/ Earnings Per Share                                            (1.6)                 23.2


                        Almond Division Profitability

                        Sales from prior year crops generated $43.6 million. This can be either raw material processed and packed
                        or value add material processed through the Parboil facility. It should be noted while revenue is recorded
                        during the period the related profit has been previously recognised in prior periods through AASB 141
                        (accounting for Agriculture).

                        A three month EBIT loss of $1.01 million is a result of no recognition of 2019 crop fair value. The loss is a
                        result of external earnings from processing and hull sales offset by higher costs of operating Parboil and
                        Almond Division corporate costs (including allocated costs).


                        Food Division Profitability

                        Revenues of $35.0 million were generated for the three months from continued domestic contracts and
                        growing export related sales. An EBIT of $1.2 million for the three months was achieved through higher
                        industrial related sales, particularly to China. This was partially offset by lower margins achieved in the
                        packaged food division as a result of increased raw material input costs, the export product mix, delay in an
                        international order (recognised in October) and investment in the new China licence and distribution
                        agreement with Pepsico.




                                                                               6
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018


                        Interest Expense

                        Interest expense of $1.0 million reflects the lower overall debt levels as a result of improved operating
                        cashflows and reduced major capital expenditure.

                        Balance Sheet




For personal use only
                        Net assets at 30 September 2018 are $370.6 million, compared to $378.6 million at 30 June 2018. An
                        increase in plant and equipment (timing as a result of pre-harvest orders) and water purchases has been
                        offset by lower debtors, lower inventory levels and higher creditors outstanding (including accruing for
                        FY2018 final dividend).

                        Net working capital has decreased by 22.9%. This decrease is due to improved debtor management and
                        continued almond sales reducing inventory levels and the accrual of FY2018 final dividend payable in
                        October 2018.

                                             $000’s                    30 September 2018                  30 June 2018
                                 Trade and other receivables                 47,023                           51,378
                                 Inventories                                 99,410                          109,321
                                 Trade and other payables                   (40,319)                         (22,972)
                                 Net working capital                        106,114                          137,727

                        Cash flow and Net Bank Debt

                        Net bank debt at 30 September 2018 was $58.9 million (30 June 2018 $70.8 million) including finance lease
                        commitments of $35.1 million (30 June 2018 $36.5 million), with a gearing ratio (net bank debt/equity) of
                        15.9% (30 June 2018: 18.7%). The improved net debt position is a result of improved operating cashflows
                        and lower levels of capital expenditure on major projects.

                        Operating cash inflow for the three month period is $24.9 million. This is a result of the timing of the sales
                        cycle (i.e. high 2018 crop sales while cash operating costs are lower). The net cash position for the company
                        improved by $9.4 million reflecting the higher operating cash position partially offset by operational capital
                        expenditure, tree development and permanent water purchases.


                        Dividends
                        Being a three months transition financial period, no dividend has been declared. This compares to a total
                        dividend of 12 cents per share declared for the 12 months ended 30 June 2018.




                                                                               7
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018


                        Corporate Social Responsibility

                        Occupational Health and Safety (OH&S)

                        Our Zero Harm OH&S and Wellbeing strategy aims to prevent incidents before they occur and improve
                        individual wellbeing in the workplace. The agricultural and manufacturing industries are relatively high risk
                        with our activities including manual handling and the use of heavy equipment and farm machinery. Our




For personal use only
                        annual target is to improve year on year performance by 15%. This includes 15% less injuries, 15%
                        reduction in injury severity and 15% more hazards identified and resolved to prevent harm.

                        The four key strategic priorities are:
                           1. A Safety Culture
                           2. Education
                           3. Process improvement and performance measurement
                           4. Employee wellness

                        The key activities to implement our strategies include:
                            OHS Committees with representatives for all sites
                            Safety walks, workplace ergonomics, return to work programs and site/department audits.
                            Capital project key risk assessments
                            Monthly training focus topics (e.g. Manual Handling and Traffic Management)
                            Industry consultation & discussions to share best practice
                            Employee Assistance Program (EAP), including mental health education and offer of professional
                               support
                            The development of a company-wide safety manual due for launch in FY2018/19

                                                  2016/17              2017/18             3 Months ended         Variance
                                                  Financial            Financial           30 Sept. 2018          2017/18 v 30
                                                                                           Financial*             Sept. 2018
                         LTIFR
                         (Lost Time Injury               15.1                   17.4                20                +14.9%
                         Frequency Rate)
                         MTIFR
                         (Medically Treated
                                                          19                    17                  18                 +5.9%
                         Injury Frequency
                         Rate)
                         LTISR
                         (Lost Time Injury                13                     7                  8                 +14.3%
                         Severity Rate)
                         TRIFR
                         (Total Injury                    70                    82                  87                 +6.1%
                         Frequency Rate)
                        * The rates shown have been extrapolated for the year

                        Health and wellbeing remains a priority to the business.

                        We have had no incidences of bullying in the workplace. Staff are being trained through the first half of the
                        2018/19 financial year.




                                                                                 8
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018




                        Community

                        Select Harvests is a significant employer and proud member of the community with orchards in regional
                        Victoria, South Australia and New South Wales and we have significant processing facilities at Thomastown
                        in the Northern Metropolitan area of Melbourne and Robinvale, in North West Victoria. We are actively




For personal use only
                        involved in all our local communities. Many of our employees contribute to local community organisations on
                        a regular basis.

                        Fair Employment Practices

                        Our policies, practices and procedures ensure that all our employees and contractors are treated in a fair
                        and reasonable manner. We are an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, who values and respects
                        Inclusion and Diversity in our workplace.

                        All third-party labour providers engaged are subject to meeting our Contractor Engagement and Recruitment
                        Policies that warrant compliance with Australian labour laws and legislative obligations. We undertake
                        regular audits to ensure compliance with focus on the payment of wages and eligibility to work in Australia.
                        We have had nil breaches in the current or prior period.

                        Sustainability

                        Select Harvests aims to operate a sustainable business with environmental, social and financial security.
                        This ensures Select Harvests will generate value for our shareholders, customers, consumers and our local
                        communities.

                        We recognise the potential impact of horticultural practices and are committed to preserving native
                        vegetation and wildlife. Our policies govern our wildlife management plan and fulfil our licencing
                        requirements as required.

                        We are a signatory of the National Packaging Industry Covenant, which aims to deliver more sustainable
                        packaging, increased recycling rates and reduced litter. Our office and farm waste is recycled where
                        appropriate.

                        A summary of our environmental, water, energy consumption and pollination management practices are
                        outlined below.

                        Environmental Regulation and Performance

                        Select Harvests is subject to environmental regulations under laws of the Commonwealth and State
                        Governments of Victoria, New South Wales and South Australia. We hold licences issued by the
                        Environmental Protection Authority which specify limits for discharges to the environment from our facilities
                        and orchards. These licences regulate the management of discharge to the air and stormwater runoff.

                        We take our environmental responsibilities seriously and have policies and procedures in place to ensure we
                        adhere to our environmental plans that preserve the habitat of native species. Almond developments have
                        had a positive environmental impact. The change in land use and the increase in food source have seen a
                        rejuvenation of remnant native vegetation and an increase in wildlife population.

                        We are pleased to report that we have had no environmental breaches during the three month period. There
                        have been no breaches of the Company's licence conditions.




                                                                              9
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                 30 September 2018


                        Water

                        Water is a scarce and finite resource and water efficiency is a key input on our almond orchards. We invest
                        significant capital and management resources into improving our water utilisation. These include installing
                        best practice irrigation systems to deliver water efficiently, dedicated resources on each farm to optimise
                        water which include reviewing and agreeing the irrigation and fertigation application on a weekly basis. To
                        complement and actively provide guidance to water and fertiliser management, we also utilise several




For personal use only
                        innovative technology solutions such as soil water monitoring, plant based monitoring and high-resolution
                        imagery.

                        In some orchards we are recycling water from our drainage system, resulting in cost savings and lessening
                        the impact to water tables. In addition, we are trialling higher yielding varieties that use less water per metric
                        tonne of almonds.

                        Given almonds are a long-term investment and we operate in several different irrigation regions, we have
                        developed a diverse water strategy to enable a secure supply. The strategy is reviewed by the Board
                        annually and reported monthly. The key objectives of the strategy are to mitigate our risk exposure to
                        immediate and future forecast weather events (e.g. drought), high market prices plus projected and market
                        trends.

                        Energy and Recycling

                        Our largest energy saving initiative remains Project H2E, the biomass electricity co-generation plant which is
                        currently in its commissioning phase. Consuming almond by-product (including hull, shell and orchard
                        waste), Project H2E will generate enough electricity to power the Carina West Processing Facility as well as
                        nearby pumps for the Carina West Orchard. Project H2E is forecast to deliver a carbon footprint reduction of
                        27% or the equivalent of removing 8,210 cars off the road. It is currently producing energy and is in the final
                        stage of commissioning. We are currently investigating the use of solar and other sustainable energy
                        sources to operate our facilities, orchards and associated housing.

                        Our other sustainability efforts for this project include the recycling of all processing waste streams into
                        stockfeed, power generation and composting combined with potash, as input to our ongoing zero waste
                        approach.

                        Office waste, containers and packaging are wherever possible recycled or reused. All food waste is sold into
                        the stockfeed industry.

                        Pollination Management

                        Our almond orchards are dependent on bee pollination. The key challenges and risks in bee stewardship
                        centre on crop safety and optimum bee health. We source our pollination services by adopting several
                        approaches which include utilising several pollination brokers and through direct relationship with apiarists.
                        This generates productive relationships and an optimum pollination outcome.

                        Recognising the importance of bees, we actively engage and support the bee and pollination industries. This
                        includes the sponsorship and support for apiary associations, participation and presentation at conferences,
                        all-of-horticulture and almond specific R&D projects, committees and meetings.

                        We continue to investigate innovative technology solutions to generate improved colony health and
                        pollination outcomes. These include colony imagery and artificial pollen application.

                        Our bee stewardship practices continue on orchard, with the fostering of alternative forage sources for bees,
                        provision of water at pollination sites to aid bee hydration, avoidance of weedicide spraying when colonies
                        are present, audited spray diaries and ongoing inspections to monitor for colony strength and promote
                        healthy colonies.

                        Other critical components to ensuring maximum yield include successful cross-pollination through varietal
                        selection. On orchard horticultural practices are established to avoid or minimise bloom pathogens (disease
                        causing fungi).




                                                                                10
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018


                        This season we undertook a mechanical pollination trial at our Carina orchard. We have trials of self-
                        pollinating trees in all three growing regions.

                        Risk Management

                        Select Harvests has a risk management process in place to identify, analyse, assess, manage and monitor
                        risks throughout all parts of the business.




For personal use only
                        The Company maintains and refreshes its detailed risk register annually. The register provides a framework
                        and benchmark against which risks are reported on at different levels in the business, with a bi annual report
                        presented to the Board.

                        Each month major risks are reviewed by Senior Management and the Board. They include
                            Safety Risks (including employee safety, fire prevention and plant operation);
                            Horticultural Risks (including climatic, disease, water management, pollination and quality)
                            Food Safety Risks (including product quality, utilities supply, major equipment failure); and
                            Financial Risks (including currency, customer concentration, market pricing)


                        Outlook

                        The horticultural program for the 2019 crop is progressing well. The trees have received sufficient chill hours
                        through the dormancy period and a successful pollination program has been completed. We have passed
                        the major risk timeframe for frost damage. While there were some significant frost events during the period
                        the company’s investment in frost fans earlier this year has predominantly mitigated any significant damage.

                        Based on industry average yields and the age profile of the orchards, and assuming normal growing
                        conditions for the season, the Select Harvests 2019 theoretical crop would be approximately 17,000MT (+/-
                        5%).

                        At this point in the 2019 crop’s horticultural cycle
                                Orchards negatively impacted by frost last season are expected to rebound strongly given their
                                 lower 2018 yields.
                                Greenfield investments are currently yielding higher than industry average expectations.

                        If these positive growing conditions continue for the remainder of the season, harvest will commence in mid-
                        February. Subject to agricultural risks, the company is expecting to deliver yields above the industry average
                        for the 2019 crop.

                        Water pricing remains a concern as dry conditions prevail and long-term forecasts suggest this may
                        continue. Fortunately our policy of owning a third of our water requirements, long and medium term leasing
                        a third of our requirements and acquiring a third on the spot market means we are not fully exposed to the
                        recent increases in water prices. However, we are expecting an uplift in water related operating costs for the
                        2019 year. This will be partially offset by savings achieved in other operating expenditure categories. The
                        expected yield increase will also favourably impact the company’s cost per kg due to volume efficiencies.

                        USD almond pricing is currently steady based on an objective estimated US crop of 2.45 billion pounds
                        (expectations are that the final crop volume will be 2.35 billion pounds). The impact of US tariffs is still
                        uncertain as is the movement of the AUD.




                                                                               11
                        Select Harvests Limited          Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018


                        The Almond Division remains well placed going into FY2019 with high quality assets and an increasing
                        production profile in place. The focus areas moving forward continue to be:
                                Maximise the yield potential of the orchard profile through best of class horticultural management.
                                Improve efficiency and further reduce the cost of production per kg following the progress made in
                                 FY2018.
                                Improve quality levels through targeted equipment investment in the Carina West Processing
                                 Facility (underway).




For personal use only
                                Optimise the value-add opportunities out of the Parboil Facility at an improved cost per kg through
                                 improved production planning.
                                Fully operate H2E to deliver all production plant power requirements, deliver surplus power to the
                                 grid and produce high quality pot ash to be re-applied to current orchard assets.
                                New greenfield opportunities continue to be assessed in addition to mature orchard acquisition
                                 both domestically and internationally.

                        China is an increasing opportunity for both of the company’s segments. Our license and distribution
                        agreement with Pepsico has successfully commenced and further growth options are being considered by
                        both parties. This covers both increasing the product range and expanding geographies in the region.

                        The domestic branded and third-party packing market remains challenging as we continue to operate within
                        tight margins. Production efficiencies through investment in quality equipment, improved production planning
                        and targeted entry points remains a focus.

                        The industrial segment of the Food Division performed strongly over the past three months. The current free
                        trade agreement between China and Australia increased the level of enquiry for Australian sourced product.
                        The majority of industrial related volume was provided to the China marketplace. This has allowed us to
                        develop key contacts in an attractive market providing access to a supplier who delivers quality product.

                        The medium and long-term fundamentals of our industry and business remain strong. Through Select
                        Harvests high quality assets we are well placed to deliver on the increasing demand from consumers and
                        industry for plant protein product, in both developed and developing economies.


                        Significant changes in the state of affairs

                        There have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Company.


                        Significant events after the balance date

                        There have been no significant events after the balance date.


                        Non IFRS Financial Information

                        The non IFRS financial information included within this Directors’ Report has not been audited or reviewed in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

                        Non IFRS financial information includes underlying EBIT, underlying result, underlying NPAT, underlying
                        earnings per share, net interest expense, net bank debt, net debt, net working capital and adjustments to
                        reconcile from reported results to underlying results.




                                                                             12
                        Select Harvests Limited             Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                   30 September 2018


                                                                                                      Cents          30 September
                        Dividends                                                                                             2018
                                                                                                                             $’000
                        Final fully franked dividend declared for 30 September 2018
                               on ordinary shares                                                       Nil                   Nil




For personal use only
                        Indemnification and insurance of directors and officers

                        During the period the Company entered into an insurance contract to indemnify directors and officers
                        against liabilities that may arise from their position as directors and officers of the Company and its
                        controlled entities. The terms of the contract do not permit disclosure of the premium paid.

                        Officers indemnified include the company secretary, all directors, and executive officers participating in the
                        management of the Company and its controlled entities.


                        Committee membership

                        During or since the end of the period, the Company had an Audit and Risk Committee and a Remuneration
                        and Nomination Committee comprising members of the Board of Directors.

                        Members acting on the Committees of the Board during or since the end of the three month reporting period
                        were:
                         Audit and Risk                                  Remuneration and Nomination
                         F Bennett (Chair)                               M Carroll (Chair)
                         F Grimwade                                      M Iwaniw
                         N Anderson                                      N Anderson


                        Directors’ meetings

                        The number of meetings of directors (including meetings of committees of directors) held during the financial
                        period and the number of meetings attended by each director was as follows:
                                                                                           Meetings of Committees
                                               Directors’ Meetings                                         Remuneration and
                                                                                 Audit and Risk
                                                                                                             Nomination
                                              Number                          Number                      Number
                                                              Number                       Number                          Number
                                             Eligible to                     Eligible to                 Eligible to
                                                              Attended                     Attended                        Attended
                                               Attend                          Attend                      Attend
                          M Iwaniw                3               3               -            -               2              2
                          P Thompson              3               3               1            1               2              2
                          M Carroll               3               3               -            -               2              2
                          F Grimwade              3               3               1            1               -               -
                          N Anderson              3               3               1            1               2               2
                          F Bennett               3               3               1            1               -               -




                                                                                 13
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018


                        Directors’ interests in contracts
                        Directors’ interests in contracts are disclosed in Note 24(e) to the financial statements.

                        Auditor’s independence declaration




For personal use only
                        A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act
                        2001 is set out on page 25.

                        Non-audit services
                        Non-audit services provided by the external auditor are approved by resolution of the Audit and Risk
                        Committee and approval is provided in writing to the board of directors. The directors are satisfied that no
                        non-audit services were provided during the period, as detailed in Note 23.

                        Rounding
                        The amounts contained in this report and in the financial report have been rounded to the nearest $1,000
                        (where rounding is applicable) under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations
                        (Rounding in Financial/ Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which the
                        Class Order applies.

                        Proceedings on behalf of the Company
                        There are no material legal proceedings in place on behalf of the Company as at the date of this report.

                        Corporate Governance
                        In recognising the need for the highest standards of corporate behaviour and accountability, the directors of
                        Select Harvests Limited support and have adhered to the ASX principles of corporate governance. The
                        Company has previously adopted Listing Rule 4.10.3 which allows companies to publish their corporate
                        governance statement on their website rather than in their annual report. A copy of the statement along with
                        any related disclosures is available at: http://www.selectharvests.com.au/governance.

                        This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                        M Iwaniw
                        Chairman

                        Melbourne, 29 November 2018




                                                                               14
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018


                        Remuneration Report
                        Introduction from the Chair of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee

                        Dear Shareholder,

                        On behalf of my Board colleagues I'm pleased to present our 30 September 2018 remuneration report.




For personal use only
                        The objective of Select Harvests remuneration strategy is to attract, retain and motivate the people we
                        require to sustainably manage and grow the business. Executive remuneration packages include a balance
                        of fixed remuneration, short term cash incentives and long term equity incentives. The framework
                        endeavours to align executive reward with market conditions and shareholders’ interests.

                        Fixed remuneration is aligned to the market mid-point for similar roles in comparable companies.

                        The current short term incentive program is based on a 15 month performance (July 2018 to September
                        2019 – reflecting the change to a new financial reporting period) and assessed against key financial and
                        operational performance indicators (KPIs). The performance targets are based on the submitted business
                        plan and set at a level that results in a 50% payout on achievement of a stretching but realistically
                        achievable level of performance. Maximum payout only occurs where there is a clearly outstanding level of
                        performance across all KPIs. In addition to KPIs for their business unit and areas of direct responsibility all
                        KMP share a company NPAT KPI to encourage a strong executive team dynamic and cross business unit
                        collaboration.

                        Setting KPIs for a business such as ours has the challenge of a number of factors such as climatic
                        conditions, commodity prices and exchange rates having a significant effect on results. While management
                        can to some degree mitigate these “agricultural risks” and should be encouraged to do so, they are largely
                        out of our control. The Board retains some discretion in evaluating overall individual and company
                        performance. Rewarding performance aligned to shareholder interest, demonstrated leadership in
                        conjunction with SHV values and taking into account operating conditions.

                        The health and well-being of our people remains the paramount priority for the business, with the short term
                        incentive payments conditional on the foundations being in place for a safe work environment and
                        demonstration of a strong safety culture.

                        The long term incentive plan is based on 3 year performance of total shareholder returns relative to peers
                        and EPS growth. The peer group we reference is other consumer staple companies in the all ordinaries
                        index with 50% vesting on achievement of median performance and full vesting at the 75th percentile. The
                        EPS compound annual growth band is broad with vesting starting at 5% and full vesting occurring at 20%.
                        The choice of a broad band reflects our desire for the start point to have a reasonable probability of
                        occurring and for full vesting to only occur when there is a strong outcome for shareholders. The Board is
                        currently evaluating the options to adjust the measurement period to reflect the company’s change to its new
                        financial year.

                        No short-term incentive or quantitative information is shown for the three month financial year transition
                        period ended 30 September 2018. While an expense has been accrued at a group level, at this stage (in the
                        15 month cycle to the end of September 2019), it is too early to determine individual performance against
                        targets set for a September 2019 year end.

                        We look forward to a strong performance in FY2019 where our employee’s performance triggers higher STI
                        payouts and LTI vesting so that they and you, our shareholders share greater rewards.




                        Mike Carroll
                        Chair – Remuneration & Nomination Committee
                        The report has been prepared and audited against the disclosure requirements of the Corporations Act 2001
                        (Cth).



                                                                               15
                        Select Harvests Limited                    Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                     30 September 2018


                        1. KEY QUESTIONS

                        What are our remuneration objective and guiding principles?

                         Objective: To deliver sustainable returns as a leader in “better for you” plant based foods
                                      Align            Reflect our values of:          Deliver               Encourage a     Simple, easily
                                      management        Trust & Respect,              competitive           diverse         understood,




For personal use only
                         Principles
                                      and               Integrity & Diversity,        advantage             workforce       rewarding
                                      shareholder       Sustainability,               in attracting,                        performance and
                                      interests         Performance &                 motivating and                        creating a culture that
                                                          Innovation                   retaining talent                      delivers shareholder
                                                                                                                             value

                        How is our remuneration structured?
                        The table below provides an overview of the different remuneration components within the framework.
                         Objective          Attract and retain the  Reward current year      Reward long term sustainable
                                            best talent             performance              performance
                         Remuneration Total Fixed                   Short Term Incentive     Long Term Incentive (LTI)
                         Component          Remuneration   (TFR)    (STI)
                         Purpose                    TFR is set in relation to   STI ensures appropriate       LTI ensures alignment to long-term
                                                    the external market         differentiation of pay for    overall company performance and is
                                                    and takes into account:     performance and is            consistent with:
                                                    • Size and complexity       based on business and          Profitable growth
                                                    of the role                 individual performance         Long-term shareholder return
                                                    • Individual                outcomes
                                                    responsibilities
                         Delivery                   Base salary,                15 month cash payment         Performance rights (vesting after
                                                    superannuation and                                        three years and three months,
                                                    salary sacrifice                                          subject to performance)
                                                    components based on
                                                    total remuneration
                         FY19                       Target TFR positioning STI Performance          LTI Performance Measures
                         Approach                   is Median of           Measures1.                Relative TSR (50%)
                                                    Comparator Group        NPAT (30%)              EPS growth (50%)
                                                                            Capital management     With a positive TSR gate
                                                     Comparators: Listed      (15%)                  Holding Lock
                                                     Food and Agribusiness  Divisional             The participant’s holding is equal to
                                                     Companies                performance (10%)     their fixed annual remuneration
                                                                            Project delivery (25%)  Clawback conditions
                                                                            Board discretion       For fraud or dishonest conduct
                                                                              (20%)                 Breach of his/her obligations to the
                                                                           With a safety gate       Group or any Group Company
                                 1.   This summarises the CEO’s Performance Measures. Other KMP’s measures are tailored to their
                                      responsibilities

                        When remuneration is earned and received?

                        Given the current reporting period is for three months the only component received during this period was
                        the fixed remuneration.

                        STI liabilities have been accrued at a group level however no individual allocations have been determined at
                        this time.




                                                                                         16
                        Select Harvests Limited                   Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                           30 September 2018


                        What is the remuneration mix for Key Management Personnel?

                        The remuneration mix for KMP is balanced between fixed and variable remuneration.
                         CEO: 50% of remuneration is performance-based pay and 37.5% of remuneration is delivered as
                           performance rights to shares.
                         Other KMP: 35% of their remuneration is performance-based pay and 20% of their remuneration is
                           delivered as performance rights to shares.




For personal use only
                        STI payments are based on 50% of the maximum vesting on achievement of a stretching but achievable
                        planned level of performance having regard to past and otherwise expected achievements.

                        LTI grants are at face value, where face value represents the share pricing at the time of allocating grants
                        and relates to rights due for vesting at 30 June 2019 (currently under review for a potential shift to
                        September). Executive KMP have minimum shareholding requirements.

                        How much did you pay your executive for the three months ended 30 September 2018?
                        The table below presents the remuneration paid to, or vested for, Executive KMP for the three months
                        ended 30 September 2018.

                         $                                                          Total Fixed               STI               Vested               Total
                                                                                   Remuneration            Achieved1         Performance
                                                                                                                               Rights2
                         Paul Thompson - CEO                                                 156,324                    -               -          156,324
                         Brad Crump – CFO                                                    100,850                    -               -          100,850
                         Mark Eva – GM Consumer                                               88,321                    -               -           88,321
                         Peter Ross – GM Almond Operations                                    83,395                    -               -           83,395
                         Ben Brown – GM Horticulture                                          83,519                    -               -           83,519
                         Laurence Van Driel – GM Trading                                      92,939                    -               -           92,939
                         Kathie Tomeo – GM Human Resources                                    68,742                    -               -           68,742
                        1.   While potential STI payments are accrued at a group level based on budgeted performance for the 15 months ending 30
                             September 2019 there remains a high degree of uncertainty as to the final Group result and the allocation to an individual basis at
                             this point would not be an accurate assessment.
                        2.   No rights were vested during the three month period ended 30 September 2018.

                        What equity was granted for the three months ended 30 September 2018?
                        No equity was granted to KMPs for the three months ended 30 September 2018. However, the performance
                        testing period for the third tranche of performance rights approved at the 2014 AGM commenced on the 1st
                        of July 2017. These performance rights are subject to performance conditions starting 1 July 2017 and
                        finishing 30 June 2020. The table below presents the value of this grant at face value at the time of grant
                        and at the start of the performance period.

                                                                        Equity grants that commenced performance testing at Face Value
                                                                   Number of       Face Value based on the       Face Value based on the
                                                                   Performance     Share Price at time of 2014   Share Price at
                                                                   Rights          AGM, on 21 November 2014      commencement of the
                                                                                   (Date of CEO grant approval, Performance Period (1 July
                                                                                   Share Price $6.49)*           2017, Share Price $4.90)
                         Paul Thompson – CEO                              75,000                       $486,750                    $367,500
                         Brad Crump – CFO                                 18,000                       $116,820                     $88,200
                         Mark Eva – GM Consumer                           15,000                         $97,350                    $73,500
                         Peter Ross – GM Almond                           15,000                         $97,350                    $73,500
                         Operations
                         Ben Brown – GM Horticulture                          7,500                               $48,675                             $36,750
                         Laurence Van Driel – GM Trading                     15,000                               $97,350                             $73,500
                         Kathie Tomeo – GM Human                             10,000                               $64,900                             $49,000
                         Resources
                        * Grant date for these rights vary amongst executives. The face value is indicative based on the date the CEO’s rights were approved
                        by shareholders




                                                                                          17
                        Select Harvests Limited              Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                    30 September 2018


                        2. EXECUTIVE KMP REMUNERATION

                        2.1 Overview of the three months ended 30 September 2018 remuneration framework
                         Fixed Remuneration
                         Base salary        Consists of cash salary, superannuation and salary sacrifice arrangements based on total cost to the
                                            company.




For personal use only
                                            Reviewed annually with reference to the market median for comparable companies, the individual’s
                                            performance and potential and the company’s future plans.
                                            There is no guaranteed base pay increase in any executives’ contracts.
                          Short Term Incentive (STI)                         % of Fixed Remuneration
                          Opportunity                                        CEO                                                Other KMP
                                                                             Threshold – 0%                                     Threshold – 0%
                                                                             Target – 0%                                        Target – 0%
                                                                             Maximum - 0%                                       Maximum – 0%
                                                                             All measurements are based on targets set for
                                                                             the 15 months ending 30 September 2019
                          Purpose           To provide incentive to exceed the annual business objectives.
                          Term              15 months
                          Instrument        Cash
                          Performance       KPI Score Card                                         CEO                              Other KMP
                          measures           Company NPAT                                         30%                                20-30%
                                             Business Unit EBIT                                    0%                                 0-10%
                                             Capital management                                   15%                                 0-10%
                                             Operational performance                              10%                                  20%
                                             Project delivery                                     25%                                10-25%
                                             Board discretion                                     20%                                  20%
                                            With a safety tollgate
                          Why these         To provide a balance between outperforming the annual operating plan, individual business unit plans,
                          were chosen       focus on the efficient use of capital and strengthening the balance sheet, on time and budget delivery
                                            of strategic projects and sustained orchard productivity.
                                            The board retains some discretion to adjust the outcomes based whether they were influenced by
                                            uncontrollable “headwinds” or “tailwinds” and the degree to which behaviours reflect our values.
                                            The health and well-being of our people remains paramount and no incentives is paid if the
                                            foundations for a safe work environment were not maintained.
                          Long Term Incentive (LTI)                                  % of Fixed Remuneration
                          Opportunity                                                CEO                                        Other KMP
                                                                                     Face Value – up to 82%                     Face Value – up to
                                                                                                                                35%
                          Purpose           Reward achievement of long term business objectives and sustainable value creation for
                                            shareholders.
                          Term              3 years, vesting at the end of the period.
                          Instrument        Performance rights
                          Performance       1. Continuing service
                          conditions*       2. Positive absolute shareholder return
                                            3. 50% Compound Annual Growth in underlying earnings per share** over three years. The
                                                 performance targets and vesting proportions are as follows:
                                                     Below 5% CAGR                                   Nil
                                                     5% CAGR                                         25%
                                                     5.1% - 19.9% CAGR                               Pro rata vesting
                                                     20% or higher CAGR                              50%
                                            4. 50% Total Shareholder Return relative to a peer group of ASX listed companies over three years.
                                                 The performance targets and vesting proportions are as follows:
                                                     Below the 50th percentile                       Nil
                                                     50th percentile                                 25%
                                                     51st – 74th percentile                          Pro rata vesting
                                                     At or above 75th percentile                     50%
                          Why these         Underlying EPS represents a strong measure of overall business performance.
                          were chosen       TSR provides a shareholder perspective of the Company’s relative performance against comparable
                                            companies.
                        *The Remuneration and Nomination Committee is responsible for assessing whether the targets are met and in doing so
                        obtains the advice of an independent expert.
                        ** EPS adjustments are made consistent with the guidance issued by the Australian Institute of Company Directors and
                        Financial Services Institute of Australasia in March 2009 and ASIC Regulator Guide RG230 ‘Disclosing Non-IFRS
                        financial information’.



                                                                                   18
                        Select Harvests Limited             Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                   30 September 2018


                         Other
                         Hedging policy            Individuals cannot hedge Select Harvests equity that is unvested or subject to restrictions.
                         Clawback                  The Board may determine that any unvested share rights will lapse or be forfeited in certain
                                                   circumstances such as in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or dishonesty.
                         Minimum shareholding      Vested performance rights are to be held until the accumulated value is equal to 100% base
                         requirements              salary.




For personal use only
                        2.2 How STI outcomes are linked to performance

                        Given this is a transition period, no STI calculation have been completed.

                        At the commencement of each annual operating cycle the board sets KPIs for the CEO and the CEO sets
                        KPIs for the KMP with target levels of performance based on the board approved annual operating plan. At
                        the end of the operating cycle the board assesses performance against these KPIs and how this rates
                        against the scales set out in the following table. This determines the STI reward.
                          Performance          Performance description          Quantitative     Subjective    STI Reward as     STI Reward as
                             Level                                             KPI targets as       targets     a percentage      a percentage
                                                                               a percentage       (based on        of the            of TFR
                                                                                  planned          a 1 to 5       maximum
                                                                               performance           scale)
                         Unsatisfactory   Unacceptable level of performance        < 95%         Score 1 or     No payment        No payment
                                                                                                 less than 2
                         Threshold        The minimum acceptable level of           95%            Score 2          25%              12.5%
                                          performance that needs to be
                                          achieved before any reward would
                                          be available.
                                                                                 96% - 99%       Score > 2      Pro-rata from    Pro-rata from
                                                                                                   &<3          25% to 49%       12.5% to 24%
                         Target           Represents the planned level of          100%          Score of 3         50%              25%
                                          performance. Financial and other
                                          quantitative KPIs are set at the
                                          budgeted level assuming plans are
                                          challenging but achievable
                                                                               101% - 114%       Score > 3     Pro-rata from      Pro-rata from
                                                                                                   &<5          51% to 99%        26% to 49%
                         Outstanding      A clearly outstanding level of          115% +         Score of 5    100% (double           50%
                                          performance and evident to all as                                      on target
                                          an exceptional level of                                                 reward)
                                          achievement

                        The individual KMP actual STI payments and potential maximum payments are set out in the following table
                        in section 2.3.

                        The safety tollgate, which requires maintenance of a safe work environment, was passed.

                        2.3 What we paid executive KMP in FY18 – Further detail

                        The following pages compare the maximum potential and actual remuneration for the three month period
                        ended 30 September 2018 and for the 12 month period ended 30 June 2018 for current KMP. Amounts
                        include:
                             Total fixed remuneration
                             STI achieved as a result of business and individual performance (versus the maximum potential cash
                              STI)
                             Share performance rights that vested during the year at face value1(versus the maximum initial award
                              face value) for the performance testing period concluding in that year.

                        This information differs from the statutory remuneration disclosures presented in Section 5.1 as the
                        performance rights value is based on the closing share price on the day the tranche of performance rights
                        was approved.




                                                                                 19
                        Select Harvests Limited                 Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                       30 September 2018


                        Key Management Personnel                                                 Total Fixed     Short Term     Performance       Total
                        (KMP)                                                                   Remuneration      Incentive        Rights
                                                                                                    $’000           $’000           $’000        $’000
                        P Thompson                           Actual Remuneration     Sep18                156               -             -         156
                        Managing Director & CEO              Maximum Potential       Sep18                 156              -               -          156
                                                             Actual Remuneration      FY18                 611           114                -          725
                                                             Maximum Potential        FY18                 611           305             487       1,403




For personal use only
                        M Eva                                Actual Remuneration     Sep18                  88              -               -          88
                        General Manager Consumer             Maximum Potential       Sep18                  88              -               -           88
                                                             Actual Remuneration      FY18                 345             66               -          411
                                                             Maximum Potential        FY18                 345           173               97          615
                        P Ross                               Actual Remuneration     Sep18                  83              -               -          83
                        General Manager Almond               Maximum Potential       Sep18                  83              -               -           83
                        Operations
                                                             Actual Remuneration      FY18                 325             60               -          385
                                                             Maximum Potential        FY18                 325           165               97          587
                        L Van Driel                          Actual Remuneration     Sep18                  93              -               -          93
                        Group Trading Manager                Maximum Potential       Sep18                  93              -               -           93
                                                             Actual Remuneration      FY18                 336             77               -          413
                                                             Maximum Potential        FY18                 336           169               97          602
                        K Tomeo                              Actual Remuneration     Sep18                  69              -               -          69
                        General Manager People               Maximum Potential       Sep18                  69              -               -           69
                                                             Actual Remuneration      FY18                 261             23               -          284
                                                             Maximum Potential        FY18                 261             78              65          404
                        B Crump*                             Actual Remuneration     Sep18                 101              -               -          101
                        Chief Financial Officer              Maximum Potential       Sep18                 101              -               -          101
                                                             Actual Remuneration      FY18                 247             43               -          290
                                                             Maximum Potential        FY18                 385           193             117           695
                        B Brown**                            Actual Remuneration     Sep18                  84              -               -          84
                        General Manager Horticulture         Maximum Potential       Sep18                  84              -               -           84
                                                             Actual Remuneration      FY18                  76             76               -          152
                                                             Maximum Potential        FY18                 300           150               49          499
                                 +
                        V Huxley                             Actual Remuneration     Sep18                  40              -               -          40
                        General Manager Finance and          Maximum Potential       Sep18                  40              -               -           40
                        Company Secretary
                                                             Actual Remuneration      FY18                 270             26               -          296
                                                             Maximum Potential        FY18                 270             76              65          411
                        * Appointed 20 November 2017; ** Appointed 1 April 2018; + Resigned 24 August 2018
                        1.   2018 Performance Rights valued at $6.49, the closing share price on the day of the 2014 AGM at which they were approved
                             (21/11/2014)

                        2.4 FY19 Outlook

                        The Committee and Board continue to review and finesse our remuneration arrangements:
                            Our proposed LTIP grants for YE2019 will be for a single year allocation. Our prior practice of
                              obtaining approval for 3 tranches for the current and following 2 years, resulted in the point of testing
                              for the final tranche being six years after the grant date. An annual allocation will allow closer
                              alignment to current strategic plans.
                            The 2019 STIP KPIs are evolving to see a greater focus on financial metrics. This includes
                              introducing a capital efficiency measure.
                            The change in our reporting period will have ramifications for our incentive arrangements, and any
                              modifications will aim to achieve a fair balance between shareholders’ and the executives’ interests.




                                                                                       20
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018


                               We are evaluating the move to a single incentive-based remuneration plan as a number of
                                companies are doing. This remains “work in progress” and something we will consider more closely
                                once our new reporting period is bedded down.

                        2.5 Terms of KMP Service Agreements




For personal use only
                        Remuneration and other terms of employment for the KMP are formalised in service agreements. These
                        service agreements set out the base salary arrangements and future review. Each of these agreements
                        provide for participation in a Short Term Incentive Plan and a Long Term Incentive Plan.

                        Other significant provisions of the agreements are that the term is on-going with a 6 months notice period for
                        the CEO and three months notice period for all other KMP.

                        Other than the notice periods, there are no specific termination benefits applicable to the service
                        agreements.


                        3. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ ARRANGEMENTS

                        On appointment to the Board, all non-executive directors enter into a service agreement with the Company
                        in the form of a letter of appointment. The letter summarises the Board policies and terms, including
                        compensation, relevant to the office of director.

                        Non-Executive Directors receive fees (including statutory superannuation) but do not receive any
                        performance related remuneration nor are they issued options or performance rights on securities. This
                        reflects the responsibilities and the Group’s demands of directors. Non-executive directors’ fees are
                        periodically reviewed by the Board to ensure that they are appropriate and in line with market expectations.

                        Non-Executive Directors’ professional development is supported and funded through the companies training
                        budget. There is no equity ownership requirement for Non-Executive Directors.

                        The current aggregate fee limit of $830,000 was approved by shareholders at the 26 November 2015
                        Annual General Meeting. For the three months reporting period the total amount paid to non-executive
                        directors was $155,116.

                        The remuneration is a base fee with the Chair of each of the Committee receiving additional fees
                        commensurate with their responsibilities. The current directors’ fees are as follows:

                         Base Fees paid during the period (including superannuation)
                         Chairman                                                                                      $54,252
                         Other four non-executive directors                                                           $100,865

                         Additional Fees (including superannuation)
                         Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee                                                           $3,152
                         Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee                                              $3,152


                        4. GOVERNANCE

                        4.1 Role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee

                        The Remuneration and Nomination Committee which operates under its own Charter and reports to the
                        Board. The Charter, which the Board reviews annually, was last updated in July 2018. A copy of the Charter
                        is available on the Company’s website: www.selectharvests.com.au




                                                                              21
                        Select Harvests Limited                     Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                              30 September 2018


                        4.2 Use of Remuneration Advisors

                        No remuneration advisors were used during the three month period ended 30 September 2018.

                        4.3 Share Trading Policy
                        The Share Trading Policy was last reviewed by the Board in November 2017. A copy is available on the




For personal use only
                        Company’s website: www.selectharvests.com.au

                        Under the policy senior executives may not hedge Select Harvests equity that is unvested or subject to
                        restrictions.


                        5. KMP STATUTORY DISCLOSURES

                        5.1 Details of the three months ended 30 September 2018 and FY2018 Remuneration

                        Remuneration of the directors and other key management personnel of Select Harvests Limited and the
                        consolidated entity.
                                                              ANNUAL REMUNERATION                                 LONG TERM
                                                     Base Fee    Short Term       Non         Super-       Long Service     Performance       Other        Total
                                                                 Incentives      Cash        annuation        Leave            Rights
                                                                                Benefits      Contri-      Accrued and        Granted
                                                                                              butions          paid
                                                   $                  $             $             $              $                $             $           $
                         Non Executive Directors
                         M Iwaniw      Sep18      54,252                    -           -              -                -                 -           -    54,252
                                       2018      211,713                    -           -              -                -                 -           -   211,713
                         M Carroll     Sep18      24,468                    -           -          2,324                -                 -           -    26,792
                                       2018       97,435                    -           -          9,256                -                 -           -   106,691
                         F Grimwade    Sep18      21,589                    -           -          2,051                -                 -           -    23,640
                                       2018       85,972                    -           -          8,167                -                 -           -    94,139
                         N Anderson    Sep18      21,589                    -           -          2,051                -                 -           -    23,640
                                       2018       85,972                    -           -          8,167                -                 -           -    94,139
                         F Bennett#    Sep18      24,468                    -           -          2,324                -                 -           -    26,792
                                       2018       91,521                    -           -          9,361                -                 -           -   100,882
                         P Riordan#+   Sep18           -                    -           -              -                -                 -           -         -
                                       2018       85,972                    -           -          8,167                -                 -           -    94,139
                         RM            Sep18           -                    -           -              -                -                 -           -         -
                         Herron#^      2018       40,624                    -           -          3,859                -                 -           -    44,483
                         Executive Director
                         P Thompson Sep18        139,242                  -       11,949           5,133          4,732           29,406              -   190,462
                                       2018      543,291            113,926       47,796          19,905         69,359          173,584              -   967,861
                         Other key management personnel
                         M Eva         Sep18      74,646                   -       8,623           5,052        (36,328)         (42,724)             -     9,269
                                       2018      278,884             66,585       34,663          20,138          36,328           22,523             -   459,121
                         P Ross        Sep18      77,025                   -       1,238           5,133           2,752            4,655             -    90,803
                                       2018      299,153             60,466        5,908          20,010           6,585           22,523             -   414,645
                         L Van Driel   Sep18      78,658             (6,808)           -          14,281           5,303            4,655             -    96,089
                                       2018      305,908             76,977            -          30,559           7,980           22,523             -   443,947
                         K Tomeo       Sep18      60,868             (2,092)           -           7,874               -            2,110             -    68,760
                                       2018      237,534             23,439            -          23,238               -            9,825             -   294,036
                         B Crump*      Sep18      93,591                   -           -           7,260               -            6,569             -   107,420
                                       2018      225,788             43,120            -          21,450               -           13,140             -   303,498
                         B Brown**     Sep18      70,206             (6,643)           -          13,313               -            2,327             -    79,203
                                       2018       69,090             76,575            -           6,507               -           13,089             -   165,261
                         V Huxley^     Sep18      27,181             (2,373)       7,272           5,066               -                -      5,785(a)    42,931
                                       2018      232,734             25,836       13,988          23,457        (23,942)         (13,468)             -   258,605
                         P             Sep18           -                    -          -               -               -                -             -         -
                         Chambers+     2018      140,991                    -     10,256          13,831         (1,607)         (20,202)     28,637(b)   171,906
                         B Van            Sep18             -               -          -               -               -                -             -         -
                         Twest++          2018         26,281               -      1,308           1,635               -         (20,202)             -     9,022
                        # Appointed 6 July 2017; #+ Resigned 30 June 2018; #^ Passed away 13 November 2017
                        * Appointed 20 November 2017; ** Appointed 1 April 2018; ^ Appointed 9 September 2016; Resigned 24 August 2018;
                        + Resigned 8 November 2017 and his STI reversed; ++ Resigned 31 July 2017 and his STI reversed;
                            (a) Relates to payment of annual leave accrued
                            (b) Relates to services provided subsequent to retirement.




                                                                                             22
                        Select Harvests Limited                Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                      30 September 2018


                        Notes
                        It should be noted that performance rights granted, referred to in the remuneration details set out in this
                        report, comprise a proportion of rights which have not yet vested and are reflective of rights that may or may
                        not vest in future years.
                        The elements of remuneration have been determined based on the cost to the consolidated entity.

                        Performance rights granted have been independently valued using the Monte Carlo simulation option pricing




For personal use only
                        model, which takes account of factors such as the exercise price of the rights, the current level and volatility
                        of the underlying share price and the time to maturity of the rights. The amount shown here is an accounting
                        expense and reflects the value as determined using this model. The value is expensed over the vesting
                        period of the rights.

                        5.2 Details of LTI Performance Rights Granted, Vested and Exercised

                        Performance rights granted to the Managing Director and Executive team during the period.
                                                                                   Number
                                                       Opening balance      Granted            Vested          Forfeited           Closing balance
                                                         1 July 2018       during the         during the       during the         30 September 2018
                                                                             period            period           period
                            Executive Director
                            P Thompson                         150,000                    -                -                -                150,000

                            Other key management personnel
                            M Eva                          30,000                         -                -               -                  30,000
                            P Ross                         30,000                         -                -               -                  30,000
                            L Van Driel                    30,000                         -                -               -                  30,000
                            K Tomeo                        10,000                         -                -               -                  10,000
                            B Crump                        18,000                         -                -               -                  18,000
                            B Brown                        15,000                         -                -               -                  15,000
                            V Huxley*                      20,000                         -                -        (20,000)                       -
                        *    Resigned 24 August 2018

                        All vested rights are exercisable at the end of the year, subject to a holding lock that requires KMP to hold
                        shares with a value equivalent to their base salary.

                        5.3 Active Plan Performance Rights Granted

                        Performance rights granted to executives under the LTI Plans that are relevant to three month period ended
                        30 September 2018 and beyond.
                            Grant   Vesting Conditions            Performance     Participating    Performance Achieved                Vested %
                            Date                                  Period          Executives
                            2017      EPS Compound Annual        30 June 2018    P Thompson+      30 June 2018 rights achieved 0%     N/A
                                       Growth                     30 June 2019    M Eva*           of EPS condition rights and 0% of
                                      Relative TSR performance   30 June 2020    P Ross*          TSR condition rights
                                                                                  L Van Driel*
                                       to peer group                              K Tomeo*         2019-2020 period to be
                                      Continuous service                         B Brown^         determined.
                                      Holding Lock
                            20      EPS Compound Annual          30 June 2020     B Crump        2020 period to be determined.        N/A
                            Nov       Growth
                            2017    Relative TSR performance
                                      to peer group
                                    Continuous service
                                    Holding Lock
                        + Granted 20 October 2014; * Granted 29 September 2016; ^ Granted 2 December 2016


                        The LTI Plan provides for the offer of a parcel of performance rights with a three year performance period to
                        participating employees. The rights vest at the end of the period on achievement of the performance
                        hurdles. Performance rights are granted under the plan for no consideration.
                        The plan rules contain a restriction on removing the ‘at risk’ aspect of the instruments granted to executives.
                        Plan participants may not enter into any transaction designed to remove the ‘at risk’ aspect of an instrument
                        before it vests.



                                                                                     23
                        Select Harvests Limited                  Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                           30 September 2018


                        5.4 Grants of Performance Rights
                        The table details the grants of performance rights to the Managing Director and Executive team.

                                                                                    Rights to deferred shares
                         Name                Year          Number        Value      Vested Vested        Forfeited               Financial       Max.
                                             Granted       Granted       per           %      Number     Number                  years in        value yet




For personal use only
                                                                         right*                                                  which           to vest*
                                                                                                                                 rights
                                                                                                                                 may vest
                         P Thompson               2017       75,000        $4.35          0%                0        75,000      30-Jun-18              $0
                                                  2017       75,000        $4.20          0%                0             0      30-Jun-19        $315,000
                                                  2017       75,000        $4.07          0%                0             0      30-Jun-20        $305,250
                         M Eva                    2017       15,000        $2.85          0%                0        15,000      30-Jun-18              $0
                                                  2017       15,000        $3.45          0%                0             0      30-Jun-19         $51,750
                                                  2017       15,000        $3.38          0%                0             0      30-Jun-20         $50,700
                         P Ross                   2017       15,000        $2.85          0%                0        15,000      30-Jun-18              $0
                                                  2017       15,000        $3.45          0%                0             0      30-Jun-19         $51,750
                                                  2017       15,000        $3.38          0%                0             0      30-Jun-20         $50,700
                         L Van Driel              2017       15,000        $2.85          0%                0        15,000      30-Jun-18              $0
                                                  2017       15,000        $3.45          0%                0             0      30-Jun-19         $51,750
                                                  2017       15,000        $3.38          0%                0             0      30-Jun-20         $50,700
                         K Tomeo                  2017       10,000        $3.38          0%                0             0      30-Jun-20         $33,800
                         B Crump                  2018       18,000        $3.65          0%                0             0      30-Jun-20         $65,700
                         B Brown                  2017        7,500        $2.85          0%                0         7,500      30-Jun-18              $0
                                                  2017        7,500        $3.45          0%                0             0      30-Jun-19         $25,875
                                                  2017        7,500        $3.38          0%                0             0      30-Jun-20         $25,350
                         V Huxley                 2017       10,000        $2.85          0%                0        10,000      30-Jun-18              $0
                                                  2017       10,000        $3.45          0%                0        10,000      30-Jun-19              $0
                                                  2017       10,000        $3.38          0%                0        10,000      30-Jun-20              $0
                        * This represents the value of the performance rights as at their grant date as valued using the option pricing model. The minimum
                        possible total value of the rights is nil if the applicable vesting conditions are not met.

                        5.5 Number of shares held by directors and other key management personnel
                        The movement during the period in the number of ordinary shares of the company held, directly or indirectly,
                        by each director and other key management personnel, including their personally related entities, is as follows:

                                                                Held at       Received on exercise of           Other – DRP, sales             Held at 30
                                                            1 July 2018         performance rights                 and purchases          September 2018
                        Non-executive directors
                        M Iwaniw                                  205,503                   -                                        -                205,503
                        M Carroll                                  20,997                   -                                        -                 20,997
                        F Grimwade                                106,375                   -                                        -                106,375
                        N Anderson                                  7,071                   -                                        -                  7,071
                        F Bennett                                   7,500                   -                                        -                  7,500

                        Executive director
                        P Thompson                                483,607                   -                                        -                483,607

                        Other key management personnel
                        P Ross                         130,392                              -                                        -                130,392
                        M Eva                           58,977                              -                                        -                 58,977
                        L Van Driel                     23,858                              -                                 (23,858)                      -
                        K Tomeo                              -                              -                                        -                      -
                        B Crump                              -                              -                                        -                      -
                        B Brown                              -                              -                                        -                      -




                                                                                         24
For personal use only
                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                        As lead auditor for the audit of Select Harvests Limited for the period 1 July 2018 to 30 September
                        2018, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                        (a)    no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                               relation to the audit; and
                        (b)    no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                        This declaration is in respect of Select Harvests Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                        period.




                        Andrew Cronin                                                                                 Melbourne
                        Partner                                                                                29 November 2018
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers




                        PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                        2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                        T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        SELECT HARVESTS Limited                                     ABN 87 000 721 380


                        Annual financial report




For personal use only
                        Contents

                           Financial report                                                                                    Page
                                 Statement of comprehensive income                                                               27
                                 Balance sheet                                                                                   28
                                 Statement of changes in equity                                                                  29
                                 Statement of cash flows                                                                         30
                                 Notes to the financial statements                                                               31
                           Directors’ declaration                                                                                73
                           Independent auditor’s report to the members                                                           74
                           ASX additional information                                                                            82

                        This financial report covers the Group consisting of Select Harvests Limited and its subsidiaries. The
                        financial report is presented in Australian currency.

                        Select Harvests Limited is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its
                        registered office and principal place of business is:

                        Select Harvests Limited
                        360 Settlement Road
                        Thomastown Vic 3074

                        A description of the nature of the Company’s operations and its principal activities is included in the review
                        of operations and activities and in the directors’ report, both of which are not part of this financial report.

                        The financial report was authorised for issue by the directors on 29 November 2018. The Company has the
                        power to amend and reissue the financial report.

                        Through the use of the internet, we have ensured that our corporate reporting is timely, complete, and
                        available globally at minimum cost to the Company. All financial reports and other information are available
                        on our website: www.selectharvests.com.au.




                                                                               26
                        Select Harvests Limited                Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                       30 September 2018



                        Statement of Comprehensive Income
                        For the three month period ended 30 September 2018
                                                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                         3 months to 30  12 months to 30
                                                                                                            September              June




For personal use only
                                                                                                                  2018             2018
                                                                                            Note                 $’000            $’000
                          Revenue
                          Sales of goods and services                                         5                 67,500              206,549
                          Other revenue                                                       5                     81                3,689
                          Total revenue                                                                         67,581              210,238

                          Other income
                          Inventory fair value adjustment                                     6                (12,675)              13,391
                          (Loss)/ Gain on sale of assets                                                            (3)                  48
                          Total other income                                                                   (12,678)              13,439

                          Expenses
                          Cost of sales                                                       6                (51,050)           (172,623)
                          Distribution expenses                                                                   (950)             (3,543)
                          Marketing expenses                                                                      (566)             (1,190)
                          Occupancy expenses                                                                      (478)             (1,344)
                          Administrative expenses                                             6                 (1,990)             (7,108)
                          Finance costs                                                                         (1,044)             (5,441)
                          Other expenses                                                      6                   (914)             (2,964)
                          (LOSS)/ PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX                                                      (2,089)              29,464
                          Income tax benefit/ (expense)                                       7                     553             (9,093)
                          (LOSS)/ PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO MEMBERS
                                                                                                                (1,536)              20,371
                          OF SELECT HARVESTS LIMITED

                          Other comprehensive income/ (expense)
                          Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                          Changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax                                    192               (2,229)

                          Other comprehensive income/ (expense) for the
                                                                                                                   192               (2,229)
                          period/ year
                          TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE (EXPENSE)/ INCOME
                          ATTRIBUTABLE TO MEMBERS OF SELECT                                                     (1,344)              18,142
                          HARVESTS LIMITED

                          (Loss)/ Earnings per share for (loss)/ profit
                          attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
                          company:

                          Basic (loss)/ earnings per share (cents per share)                  22                  (1.6)                23.2
                          Diluted (loss)/ earnings per share (cents per share)                22                  (1.6)                23.1



                        The above statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Notes.




                                                                                      27
                        Select Harvests Limited                Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                 30 September 2018




                        Balance Sheet
                        As at 30 September 2018
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                  30 September 2018   30 June 2018




For personal use only
                                                                                       Note                   $’000          $’000
                          CURRENT ASSETS
                          Cash and cash equivalents                                                             6,860             394
                          Trade and other receivables                                      9                   47,023          51,378
                          Inventories                                                      10                  99,410         109,321
                          Current tax assets                                                                    6,404             984
                          Derivative financial instruments                                 11                      24              41
                          TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                                                                159,721         162,118

                          NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                          Property, plant and equipment                                    12                 298,221         293,831
                          Intangible assets                                                13                  64,679          60,604
                          TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS                                                            362,900         354,435
                          TOTAL ASSETS                                                                        522,621         516,553

                          CURRENT LIABILITIES
                          Trade and other payables                                         14                  40,319          22,972
                          Interest bearing liabilities                                     15                   4,822           8,156
                          Derivative financial instruments                                 11                     929           1,732
                          Deferred gain on sale                                            16                     175             175
                          Employee entitlements                                            17                   3,167           3,069
                          TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                            49,412          36,104

                          NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                          Interest bearing liabilities                                     15                  60,958          62,991
                          Deferred tax liabilities                                      7(c)                   37,197          34,285
                          Deferred gain on sale                                            16                   2,802           2,846
                          Employee entitlements                                            17                   1,613           1,687
                          TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                       102,570         101,809
                          TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                   151,982         137,913
                          NET ASSETS                                                                          370,639         378,640

                          EQUITY
                          Contributed equity                                               18                 268,567         268,567
                          Reserves                                                                              9,802           9,601
                          Retained profits                                                                     92,270         100,472
                          TOTAL EQUITY                                                                        370,639         378,640




                         The above balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Notes.




                                                                                      28
                        Select Harvests Limited                  Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                           30 September 2018




                        Statement of Changes in Equity
                        For the three month period ended 30 September 2018
                                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                     Contributed                    Retained
                                                                                                                     Reserves1




For personal use only
                                                                                                          Equity                    Earnings              Total
                                                                                          Note              $’000         $’000         $’000             $’000


                             Balance at 30 June 2017                                                   181,164         11,602        84,853         277,619

                             Profit for the year                                                                 -           -       20,371         20,371
                             Other comprehensive income                                                          -     (2,229)            -         (2,229)
                             Total comprehensive income for the year                                             -     (2,229)       20,371         18,142

                             Transactions with equity holders in their
                             capacity as equity holders:
                             Contributions of equity, net of transaction
                                                                                           18                949               -                -         949
                             costs and deferred tax
                             Issue of ordinary shares                                      18            86,454                -                -    86,454
                             Dividends paid or provided                                     8                -               -       (4,752)         (4,752)
                             Employee performance rights                                   25                -             228             -             228
                             Balance at 30 June 2018                                                   268,567           9,601      100,472         378,640

                             (Loss)/ Profit for the period                                                       -           -       (1,536)        (1,536)
                             Other comprehensive expense                                   11                    -         192             -            192
                             Total comprehensive expense for the
                                                                                                                 -         192       (1,536)        (1,344)
                             period

                             Transactions with equity holders in their
                             capacity as equity holders:
                             Contributions of equity, net of transaction
                                                                                           18                    -             -                -             -
                             costs and deferred tax
                             Dividends paid or provided                                     8                -               -       (6,666)         (6,666)
                             Employee performance rights                                   25                -               9             -               9
                             Balance at 30 September 2018                                              268,567           9,802       92,270         370,639

                        1. Nature and purpose of reserves

                        (i) Asset revaluation reserve
                        The asset revaluation reserve was previously used to record increments and decrements in the value of non-current assets. This
                        revaluation reserve is no longer in use given assets are now recorded at cost.

                        (ii) Options reserve
                        The options reserve is used to recognise the fair value of performance rights granted and expensed but not exercised.

                        (iii) Cash flow hedge reserve
                        The cash flow hedge reserve is used to record gains or losses on the fair value movements in the interest rate swap and foreign
                        currency contracts in a cash flow hedge that are recognised directly in equity.




                        The above statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Notes.




                                                                                         29
                        Select Harvests Limited                   Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                          30 September 2018




                        Statement of Cash Flows
                        For the three month period ended 30 September 2018
                                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                    30 September     30 June




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             2018       2018
                                                                                                        Note                $’000      $’000
                           CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                           Receipts from customers                                                                            77,289            207,119
                           Payments to suppliers and employees                                                              (49,206)          (175,264)
                                                                                                                              28,003             31,855
                           Interest received                                                                                       7                  36
                           Interest paid                                                                                     (1,035)             (5,128)
                           Income tax paid                                                                                   (2,195)             (8,476)
                           Net cash inflow from operating activities                                     19                   24,860             18,287

                           CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
                           Proceeds from Government grants                                                                        55               4,021
                           Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                     -                 118
                           Payment for water rights                                                                          (4,074)                   -
                           Payment for property, plant and equipment                                                         (5,503)            (17,058)
                           Tree development costs                                                                            (3,504)            (12,957)
                           Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                       (13,027)            (25,876)

                           CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                           Proceeds from issues of shares                                                                          -             86,454
                           Proceeds from borrowings                                                                           39,100            170,780
                           Repayments of borrowings                                                                         (40,200)          (241,780)
                           Repayments of finance leases                                                                      (1,356)             (4,898)
                           Dividends on ordinary shares, net of Dividend
                           Reinvestment Plan                                                                                       -             (3,803)
                           Net cash inflow from financing activities                                                         (2,456)               6,753

                           Net (decrease)/ increase in cash and cash equivalents                                               9,377               (836)
                           Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period/
                                                                                                                             (2,767)             (1,931)
                           year
                           Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period/
                                                                                                                               6,610             (2,767)
                           year


                           Reconciliation to cash at the end of the period/ year:
                           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           6,860                 394
                           Bank overdrafts                                                                                     (250)             (3,161)
                                                                                                                               6,610             (2,767)

                        Cash and cash equivalents
                        For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call
                        with financial institutions, money market investments readily convertible to cash within two working days, and bank overdrafts. Bank
                        overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.


                        The above cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Notes.




                                                                                          30
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                        The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are
                        set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise




For personal use only
                        stated. The financial statements are for the Company consisting of Select Harvests Limited and its
                        subsidiaries.

                        (a) Basis of preparation
                        This general purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
                        Standards, other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board, Urgent
                        Issues Group Interpretations and the Corporations Act 2001. Select Harvests Limited is a for profit entity for
                        the purpose of preparing the financial statements.

                        Compliance with IFRS
                        The consolidated financial statements of the Select Harvests Limited group comply with International
                        Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

                        Historical cost convention
                        These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the
                        revaluation of available-for-sale financial assets, financial assets and liabilities (including derivative
                        instruments) at fair value through the income statement, biological assets, and certain classes of property,
                        plant and equipment.

                        Critical accounting estimates
                        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with AIFRS requires the use of certain critical
                        accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the
                        Company’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher level of judgement or complexity, or areas
                        where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in Note 2.



                        (b) Changes in accounting policies
                        In the current period, AASB 9 Financial instruments and AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                        were adopted. As a result of the changes in the entity’s accounting policies, the adoption of the new
                        standards did not have an impact on prior year financial statements and hence they were not restated.

                        The following tables show the adjustments on opening balances recognised for each individual line item.
                        Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been included. As a result, the sub-totals and
                        totals disclosed cannot be recalculated from the numbers provided. The adjustments are explained in more
                        detail below.




                                                                              31
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

                                                                                                 1 Jul 2018       AASB 9       1 Jul 2018
                                                                                   As originally presented          $’000       Restated




For personal use only
                        Balance sheet extract                                                         $’000                         $’000
                        Cash flow hedge reserve                                                       1,350           (253)        1,097
                        Retained earnings                                                           100,472             253      100,725
                        Total equity                                                                101,822               -      101,822


                        (i)     AASB 9 Financial Instruments

                        AASB 9 replaces the provisions of AASB139 that relate to the recognition, classification and measurement
                        of financial assets and financial liabilities, derecognition of financial instruments, impairment of financial
                        assets and hedge accounting.

                        The adoption of AASB 9 Financial Instruments from 1 July 2018 resulted in changes in accounting
                        policies and adjustments to the amounts recognised in the financial statements. The new accounting
                        policies are set out in note 11. In accordance with the transitional provisions in AASB 9, comparative figures
                        have not been restated with the exception of certain aspects of hedge accounting.

                        The total impact on the group’s retained earnings as at 1 July 2018 and 1 July 2017 is as follows:
                                                                                         Notes     30 June 2018       30 June 2017
                                                                                                          $’000              $’000
                              Closing retained earnings 30 June                                         100,472             84,853
                              Hedge accounting                                                              253                  -
                              Restated retained earnings 30 June                                        100,725             84,853
                              Opening retained earnings 1 July                                          100,725             84,853


                        Impact from the adoption of AASB 9 on prior periods
                        The foreign currency forwards and interest rate swaps in place as at 30 June 2018 qualified as cash flow
                        hedges under AASB 9. The group’s risk management strategies and hedge documentation are aligned with
                        the requirements of AASB 9 and these relationships are therefore treated as continuing hedges.

                        Prior to 1 July 2018, the Company classified foreign currency options as cash flow hedges where the
                        intrinsic value component was recognised through the hedging reserve and the time value component
                        flowed through the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Following the adoption of AASB 9, the group now
                        designates the intrinsic value and time value component of foreign currency options is deferred in the costs
                        of the hedging reserve and recognised against the related hedge transaction when it occurs.




                                                                              32
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements

                        1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
                        Impairment of financial assets




For personal use only
                        The Company was required to revise its impairment methodology under AASB 9 for its trade receivables.
                        There was no material impact noted from the change in impairment methodology.

                        Trade receivables
                        The group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
                        lifetime expected loss allowance for all its trade receivables. This change did not impact the loss allowance
                        on 1 July 2018. Note 9(a) provides for details about the calculation of the allowance.

                        (ii) AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                        The group has adopted AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers from 1 July 2018 which resulted
                        in changes in accounting policies where revenue is recognised when control of a good or service is
                        transferred to the customer. Prior to adoption of AASB15, revenue was recognised to the extent that it is
                        probable that the economic benefits will flow to the entity, the revenue can be reliably measured, and the
                        risks and rewards have passed to the buyer. Upon completion of our assessment, no material adjustments
                        were required to be made in the financial statements.

                        New and amended standards
                        Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the
                        30 September 2018 reporting period. The Company's assessment of the impact of these new standards and
                        interpretations is set out below.

                        (i) AASB 16 Leases
                        AASB 16 Leases will primarily affect the accounting treatment of leases by lessees and will result in the
                        recognition of almost all leases on the balance sheet. There are however, recognition exemptions for short
                        term leases and leases of low-value items. The current standard removes the current distinction between
                        operating and financing leases and requires recognition of an asset (the right to use the leased item) and a
                        financial liability which represents the present value of future lease payments.

                        As a lessee with substantial costs incurred from operating leases of its farms, the implementation of this
                        standard is expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements at transition and in
                        future years to the extent that leases currently classified as operating leases will need to be recognized on
                        balance sheet. In addition, the current operating lease expense recognized in the income statement will be
                        replaced with a depreciation and interest expense. The changes are expected to be adopted from 1 October
                        2019.

                        The Company has identified all its material leases and is currently in the process of completing an
                        assessment of the full impact of the change, however a reliable estimate of the quantitative impact cannot
                        yet be provided due to unresolved matters, including:
                             Determination of the lease term for leases with option periods
                             Conclusion on appropriate discount rates

                        The Company will provide an estimate of the financial impact of the new standard once these matters are
                        resolved and the financial impact can be accurately assessed.

                        There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that are expected to have a material impact on
                        the entity in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.




                                                                              33
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                 30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

                        (b) Principles of consolidation
                        (i) Subsidiaries




For personal use only
                        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the group has control. The group
                        controls an entity when the group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with
                        the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.
                        Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the group. They are
                        deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                        Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
                        eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
                        of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
                        consistency with the policies adopted by the group.

                        (c) Foreign currency translation
                        (i) Functional and presentation currency
                        Items included in the financial statements of each entity comprising the Company are measured using the
                        currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”). The
                        consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional and
                        presentation currency of Select Harvests Limited.

                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                        Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
                        at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
                        transactions and from the translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities
                        denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the income statement, except when deferred in equity
                        as qualifying cash flow hedges.

                        (d) Comparatives
                        Where necessary, comparatives have been reclassified and repositioned for consistency with current period
                        disclosures.

                        (e) Rounding
                        The amounts contained in this report and in the financial report have been rounded to the nearest $1,000
                        (where rounding is applicable) under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations
                        (Rounding in Financial/ Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which the
                        Class Order applies.

                        (f) Parent entity financial information
                        The financial information for the parent entity, Select Harvests Limited, disclosed in Note 27 has been
                        prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial statements, except as set out below.

                        (i) Investments in subsidiaries and associates
                        Investments in subsidiaries and associates are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of Select
                        Harvests Limited.




                                                                                34
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        2. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                        Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
                        factors.




For personal use only
                        Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                        The Company makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
                        may not by definition, equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a risk of
                        causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year
                        are discussed below.

                        Inventory - Current Year Almond Crop
                        Due to a number of variables at this stage in the cropping cycle no assumption has been made on the value
                        of the 2019 crop. At this point all costs, as they are being incurred, are being capitalised to the balance
                        sheet. At a future point in time the value of the crop will be determined and the capitalised costs taken into
                        account. The net value of the crop (fair value) will then be recognised (proportionately) through the income
                        statement.

                        Carrying value of Project H2E
                        Included within note 12, Property, Plant and Equipment is a $21.8m asset in the Capital Work in Progress
                        category relating to Project H2E (hull to energy), a Biomass Cogeneration Power Plant project that will use
                        almond hull and shell as a fuel source for generating electricity and steam directly to the Group’s Carina
                        West Processing Facility.

                        The project is currently nearing completion and is in its commissioning phase with some engineering
                        rectification works still required. There is significant judgement in estimating the recoverable amount of this
                        asset due to the judgemental nature of the key assumptions used. In addition to the forecast costs to
                        complete the project, key assumptions used in estimating the asset’s recoverable amount include market
                        prices for electricity, large scale generator (LGC) certificates, potash and almond hull. At 30 September
                        2018, the recoverable amount of this asset exceeds its carrying value, but there is limited headroom and the
                        model is highly sensitive to changes in the above assumptions.

                        Fair Value of Acquired Assets
                        In calculating the fair value of acquired assets, in particular almond orchards, the Company has made
                        various assumptions. These include future almond price, long term yield and discount rates. The valuation of
                        almond trees is very sensitive to these assumptions and any change may have a material impact on these
                        valuations.

                        Carrying value of intangible assets
                        The Group tests annually whether intangible assets, have suffered any impairment, in accordance with the
                        accounting policy stated in Note 13. The recoverable amounts of cash generating units have been
                        determined based on value-in-use calculations.

                        Key assumptions and sensitivities are disclosed in Note 13.




                                                                              35
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

                        The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, interest
                        rate risk and commodity price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group uses different methods to




For personal use only
                        measure different types of risk to which it is exposed. These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case
                        of interest rate risk, foreign exchange and other price risks, and ageing analysis for credit risk.

                        Risk management is carried out by management pursuant to policies approved by the Board of Directors.

                        (a) Market risk

                        (i) Foreign exchange risk
                        Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are
                        denominated in a currency that is not the Company’s functional currency.

                        The Group sells both almonds harvested from owned orchards through the almond pool and processed
                        products internationally in United States dollars, and purchases raw materials and other inputs to the
                        manufacturing and almond growing process from overseas suppliers predominantly in United States dollars.
                        The Group also acquires capital related items internationally in both United States dollars and European
                        dollars.

                        Management and the Board review the foreign exchange position of the Group and, where appropriate,
                        enter into a variety of derivative financial instruments, transacted with the Group’s bankers to manage its
                        foreign exchange risk, including forward foreign currency contracts and options

                        The exposure to foreign currency risk at the reporting date was as follows:
                          Group                                                    30            30        30 June        30 June
                                                                           September      September           2018           2018
                                                                                 2018          2018      USD $’000      EUR $’000
                                                                           USD $’000      EUR $’000
                          Trade receivables net of payables                    10,018             -          19,377                -
                          Overdraft                                             (181)             -          (2,340)               -
                          Foreign Exchange Contracts (FEC)
                          - buy foreign currency (cash flow hedges)              2,062            347          1,761            375
                          - sell foreign currency (cash flow hedges)            22,400              -         24,533              -
                          Sell foreign currency option contracts*                5,000              -         20,000              -

                        * Foreign currency option contracts have a number of possible outcomes depending on the spot rate at
                        maturity. These contracts are shown at face value. Depending on spot rate at maturity, the value of the
                        contract can be USD$ Nil or USD$10,000,000.

                        Group sensitivity analysis
                        Based on financial instruments held at 30 September 2018, had the Australian dollar strengthened/
                        weakened by 5% against the US dollar and the EUR, with all other variables held constant, the Group’s
                        results for the period would have been $1,151,000 lower/$1,272,00 higher (30 June 2018: $1,906,000 lower/
                        $2,106,000 higher), mainly as a result of the US dollar denominated financial instruments as detailed in the
                        above table. Equity would have been $1,604,000 lower/ $1,773,000 higher (30 June 2018: $2,673,000
                        lower/ $2,954,000 higher), arising mainly from forward foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow
                        hedges.




                                                                               36
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period              30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

                         (ii) Cash flow interest rate risk
                        The Group’s interest rate risk arises from borrowings issued at variable rates, which exposes the Group to




For personal use only
                        cash flow interest rate risk. The Group’s borrowings at variable interest rate are denominated in Australian
                        dollars.

                        At the reporting date the Group had the following variable rate borrowings:
                                                     30 September 2018            Balance       30 June 2018             Balance
                                                           Average                                 Average
                                                        Interest Rate                           Interest Rate
                                                              %                       $’000           %                     $’000
                           Debt facilities (AUD)            3.75%                   30,400          4.04%                  31,500
                           Overdraft (USD)                  1.93%                       181         1.22%                   2,340

                        An analysis of maturities is provided in (c) below.

                        The Group analyses interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis in conjunction with the debt facility, cash
                        flow and capital management. As part of the Risk Management policy of Select Harvests Limited, the
                        company had entered into an agreement to swap $13.5m (30 June 2018: $13.5m) of debt for 1 year at
                        1.77% to reduce the risk that higher interest rate pose to the company’s cash flows.

                        Group sensitivity
                        At 30 September 2018, if interest rates had changed by +/- 25 basis points from the weighted average
                        interest rate with all other variables held constant, result for the period would have been $54,000
                        lower/higher (30 June 2018: $59,000 lower/higher).




                                                                              37
                        Select Harvests Limited                                           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                                        30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




For personal use only
                        Interest rate risk
                        The Company's exposure to interest rate risks and the effective interest rates of financial assets and financial liabilities both recognised and unrecognised at
                        the balance date, are as follows:
                                                                                             Fixed interest rate maturing in:
                                Financial Instruments             Floating interest       1 year or less    Over 1 to 5       More than 5       Non-interest    Total carrying       Weighted
                                                                        Rate                                  years             years             bearing       amount as per    average effective
                                                                                                                                                                 the balance       interest rate
                                                                                                                                                                     sheet
                                                                  30 Sep      30 Jun 30 Sep 30 Jun 30 Sep 30 Jun 30 Sep               30 Jun    30 Sep   30 Jun 30 Sep 30 Jun 30 Sep 30 Jun
                                                                    2018        2018 2018 2018 2018 2018           2018                 2018      2018     2018   2018      2018     2018     2018
                                                                   $'000       $'000 $'000 $'000 $'000 $'000 $'000                     $'000     $'000    $'000   $'000    $'000        %        %
                        (i) Financial assets
                        Cash                                             -            -        -       -        -         -       -         -    6,860      394    6,860      394          -      -
                        Trade and other receivables                      -            -        -       -        -         -       -         -   37,061   45,403   37,061   45,403          -      -
                        Forward foreign currency contracts               -            -        -       -        -         -       -         -       13       21       13       21          -      -
                        Interest Rate Swap                               -            -       11      20        -         -       -         -        -        -       11       20          -      -
                        Total financial assets                           -            -       11      20        -         -       -         -   43,932   45,818   43,945   45,838
                        (ii) Financial liabilities
                        Bank overdraft – USD @ AUD                    250      3,161            -      -        -         -       -         -        -        -      250    3,161    1.93      1.22
                        Commercial Bills                           30,400     31,500            -      -        -         -       -         -        -        -   30,400   31,500    3.75      4.04
                        Trade creditors                                 -          -            -      -        -         -       -         -   24,088   12,206   24,088   12,206       -         -
                        Other creditors                                 -          -            -      -        -         -       -         -   16,231   10,766   16,231   10,766       -         -
                        Forward foreign currency contracts              -          -            -      -        -         -       -         -      929    1,732      929    1,732       -         -
                        Total financial liabilities                30,650     34,661            -      -        -         -       -         -   41,248   24,704   71,898   59,365

                        Financial Assets
                        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Trade receivables are carried at full amounts due less expected credit losses which uses a
                        lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

                        Amounts receivable from other debtors are carried at full amounts due. Other debtors are normally settled on 30 days from month end unless there is a
                        specific contract which specifies an alternative date. Amounts receivable from related parties are carried at full amounts due.


                                                                                                           38
                        Select Harvests Limited                       Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

                        Financial Liabilities
                        The bank overdraft disclosed within interest bearing liabilities is carried at the principal amount and is part of




For personal use only
                        the Net Cash balance in the Statement of Cash Flows. Interest is charged as an expense as it accrues.
                        Liabilities are recognised for amounts to be paid in the future for goods and services received, whether or
                        not billed to the Company.

                        Finance lease liabilities are accounted for in accordance with AASB 117 Leases.

                        (b) Credit risk
                        Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, favourable derivative financial instruments and deposits
                        with banks and financial institutions, as well as credit exposures to wholesale, retail and farm investor
                        customers, including outstanding receivables and committed transactions.

                        The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. The Group has policies in place to ensure that
                        sales of products and services are made to customers with an appropriate credit history. Derivative
                        counterparties and cash transactions are limited to high credit quality financial institutions.

                        The credit quality of financial assets that are neither past due or impaired can be assessed by reference to
                        external credit ratings (if available) and to historical information. Majority of the Group’s sales are derived
                        from large, established customers with no history of default.

                        The Group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
                        lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade
                        receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The
                        expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 month and the
                        corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to
                        reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the
                        customers to settle the receivables.

                        The Group’s banking partners have long-term credit ratings of AA- and A+ (Standard and Poor’s).

                        (c) Liquidity risk
                        The Group manages liquidity risk by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching
                        the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

                        Financing arrangements
                        The following debt facilities are held with National Australia Bank (NAB) and Rabobank (Rabo).
                                                                                                   Amount drawn 30 September
                              Debt facilities                 Expiry Date       Facility Limit                2018
                              1. Term*                         22/12/2020             $80,000,000                   $30,400,000
                              2. Seasonal#                     30/06/2019             $20,000,000                             -
                                                                                    $100,000,000                AUD $30,400,000

                                3. Overdraft+                             31/12/2018              USD $5,000,000                               USD $180,536
                        * Held with NAB ($50 million) and RABO ($30 million);
                        # Held with RABO only. The facility is reviewed annually and available for the period 1 March to 30 June each year.
                        + Held with NAB only and reviewed annually.




                                                                                                39
                        Select Harvests Limited                  Annual Report 2018 Transition Period             30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

                        The interest rate paid on these facilities is determined by an incremental margin on the BBSY or LIBOR rate.
                        The Group had access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the reporting date:




For personal use only
                                                                                               30 September 2018          30 June 2018
                                                                                                           $’000                 $’000
                          Floating rate
                          - Term /Seasonal#                                                           AUD $69,600          AUD $68,500
                          - Bank overdraft facility USD                                                USD $4,819           USD $2,660
                        # Subject to seasonal restrictions as mentioned above

                        The bank overdraft facility may be drawn at any time and may be terminated by the bank without notice. The
                        debt facilities (term and seasonal) may be drawn at any time over the term subject to restrictions noted
                        above on the seasonal facility.

                        Maturities of financial liabilities
                        The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities, net and gross settled derivative instruments into
                        relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the reporting date on the contractual maturity
                        date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                                                   Less     6 – 12      More          Total     Carrying
                                                                                 than 6    months     than 12   contractual      amount
                                                                                months                months    cash flows      (assets)/
                                                                                                                               liabilities
                                                                                  $’000      $’000      $’000         $’000        $’000
                          Group at 30 September 2018
                          Non-derivatives
                          Variable Rate Debt facilities                                -          -    31,850         31,850      30,400
                                          Trade and other payables                40,319          -         -         40,319      40,319
                                          Bank Overdraft                             251          -         -            251         250
                          Derivatives     Interest Rate Swap                           -     13,500         -         13,500          11
                                          FEC EUR buy – outflow                      347          -         -            347           6
                                          FEC USD buy – outflow                    2,062          -         -          2,062           7
                                          FEC USD sell – (inflow)               (11,400)   (11,000)         -       (22,400)       (635)
                                          USD Sell option                              -    (5,000)         -        (5,000)       (294)
                                          FEC USD net                            (9,338)   (16,000)         -       (25,338)       (922)




                                                                                     40
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                 30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

                                                                             Less      6 – 12       More            Total        Carrying
                                                                           than 6     months      than 12     contractual         Amount




For personal use only
                                                                          months                  months      cash flows         (assets)/
                                                                                                                                liabilities
                                                                             $’000                   $’000           $’000          $’000
                          Group at 30 June 2018
                          Non-derivatives
                          Variable Rate Debt facilities                          -           -     33,017           33,017           31,500
                                          Trade and other payables          22,972           -          -           22,972           22,972
                                          Bank Overdraft                         -       3,192          -            3,192            3,161
                          Derivatives     Interest Rate Swap                     -     13,500           -           13,500                21
                                          FEC EUR buy – outflow                375           -          -              375                 1
                                          FEC USD buy – outflow              1,761           -          -            1,761              (21)
                                          FEC USD sell – (inflow)         (24,533)           -          -         (24,533)              771
                                          USD Sell option                 (15,000)     (5,000)          -         (20,000)              600
                                          FEC USD net                     (37,772)     (5,000)          -         (42,772)            1,350


                        (d) Fair Value Measurement
                        The fair value of certain financial assets and financial liabilities must be estimated for recognition and
                        measurement or for disclosure purposes.

                        The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets, such as forward foreign currency contracts
                        and interest rate swap, are based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet date. The quoted market
                        price used for financial assets held by the Company is the current bid price; the appropriate quoted market
                        price for financial liabilities is the current ask price.

                        The nominal value less estimated credit adjustments of trade receivables and payables are assumed to
                        approximate their fair values. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by
                        discounting the future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the
                        Company for similar instruments.

                        Disclosures are required of fair value measurements by level of the following fair value measurement
                        hierarchy:
                            (a) Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level one);
                            (b) Inputs other than quoted prices included within level one that are observable for the asset or liability,
                                either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices) (Level two); and
                            (c) Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs)
                                (Level three).
                        At 30 September 2018 the group’s assets and liabilities measured and recognised at fair value comprised
                        the forward foreign currency contracts and interest rate swap derivative. Both are level 2 measurements
                        under the hierarchy.




                                                                                41
                        Select Harvests Limited                 Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                                    30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        4. SEGMENT INFORMATION

                        Segment products and locations
                        The segment reporting reflects the way information is reported internally to the Chief Executive Officer.




For personal use only
                        The Company has the following business segments:
                            Almond Division - grows, processes and sells almonds to the food industry from company owned and
                              leased almond orchards, and provides a range of management services to external owners of almond
                              orchards, including orchard development, tree supply, farm management, land and irrigation
                              infrastructure rental, and the sale of almonds on behalf of external investors; and
                            Food Division - processes, markets, and distributes edible nuts, dried fruits, seeds, and a range of
                              natural health foods.
                        The Company operates predominantly within the geographical area of Australia.

                        The segment information provided to the Chief Executive Officer is referenced in the following table:

                                                             30 Sep       30 Jun       30 Sep       30 Jun       30 Sep         30 Jun         30 Sep             30 Jun
                                                              2018         2018         2018         2018         2018           2018           2018               2018
                                                                                                                   Eliminations and
                                                              Almond Division             Food Division               Corporate                 Consolidated Entity
                                                                   ($’000)                   ($’000)                      ($’000)                       ($’000)
                         Revenue

                         Total revenue from external          32,544         78,486     34,956      128,063               -                -     67,500           206,549
                         customers
                         Intersegment revenue                 10,994         36,739             -            -   (10,994)       (36,739)                -                  -
                         Total segment revenue                43,538      115,225       34,956      128,063      (10,994)       (36,739)         67,500           206,549
                         Other revenue                            74          3,653             -            -         7                 36          81             3,689
                         Total revenue                        43,612      118,878       34,956      128,063      (10,987)           (36,703)     67,581           210,238

                         EBIT                                 (1,013)        35,447      1,216          4,952     (1,255)            (5,530)     (1,052)           34,869
                         Interest received                            -            -            -            -         7                 36             7              36
                         Finance costs expensed                (569)         (2,499)            -            -     (475)             (2,942)     (1,044)           (5,441)
                         Profit before income tax             (1,582)        32,948      1,216          4,952     (1,723)            (8,436)     (2,089)           29,464
                         Segment assets (excluding           436,356      443,587       72,560         73,065     13,705                (99)    522,621           516,553
                         intercompany debts)
                         Segment liabilities (excluding     (98,689)      (92,269)     (12,983)        (8,248)   (40,310)       (37,396)       (151,982)      (137,913)
                         intercompany debts)
                         Acquisition of non-current           12,706         27,969        152            295        173                200      13,030            28,464
                         segment assets
                         Depreciation and amortisation         2,989         16,202         74            409        153                193       3,216            16,804
                         of segment assets
                        Sales to major customers include Coles 19% and Woolworths 16% of total sales of the Food Division.

                        Segment Reporting
                        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
                        operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
                        and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer.




                                                                                          42
                        Select Harvests Limited          Annual Report 2018 Transition Period              30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                    Note              CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                   3 months to   12 months to
                                                                                            30 September 2018     30 Jun 2018
                                                                                                         $’000          $’000




For personal use only
                        5. REVENUE

                        Revenue from continuing operations
                            - Sale of goods                                                               66,690             202,370
                            - Management services                                                            810               4,179
                            - Government grant and other revenue                                              81               3,689
                        Total revenue                                                                     67,581             210,238

                        Revenue Recognition
                        Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Amounts disclosed as
                        revenue are net of returns, trade allowances, and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue is
                        recognised when performance obligations are satisfied and control of the goods or services have passed or
                        provided to the buyer. The following specific recognition criteria must also be met before revenue is
                        recognised:

                        Sale of Goods
                        Control for the goods has been transferred to the buyer.

                        Management services
                        Management services revenue relates to services provided for the management and development of farms
                        and is recognised as services are provided.

                        Interest
                        Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. When a receivable is impaired, the group
                        reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, being the estimated future cash flow discounted at
                        the original effective interest rate of the instrument, and continues unwinding the discount as interest
                        income. Interest income on impaired loans is recognised using the original effective interest rate.

                        Almond Pool Revenue
                        Under contractual arrangements, the group acts as an agent for external growers by selling almonds on their
                        behalf and does not make a margin on those sales. These amounts are not included in the group’s revenue.
                        However, the Company receives a marketing fee for providing this service.

                        As at 30 September 2018 the group held almond inventory on behalf of external growers which was not
                        recorded as inventory of the Company. All revenue is stated net of the amount of Goods and Services Tax
                        (GST).




                                                                             43
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        5. REVENUE (continued)

                        Government grants
                        Government grants are assistance by the government in the form of transfers of resources to the Group in




For personal use only
                        return for past or future compliance with certain conditions relating to the operating activities of the
                        consolidated entity.

                        Government grants relating to income are recognised as income over the periods necessary to match them
                        with the related costs. Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
                        already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related
                        costs are recognised as income of the period in which they become receivable.

                        Government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise
                        acquire non-current assets are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset on the Balance sheet. The
                        Grant is recognised in profit or loss over the life of the depreciable asset as a reduced depreciation expense.

                                                                                      Note             CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                      3 months to 12 months to
                                                                                               30 September 2018   30 Jun 2018
                                                                                                            $’000        $’000
                        6. OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES

                        Profit before tax includes the following specific expenses:
                        Inventory fair value adjustment                           (a)                        12,675           (13,391)
                        Depreciation of non-current assets:
                           Buildings                                                                            105               391
                           Plantation land and irrigation systems                                               514             1,964
                           Plant and equipment                                                                2,433             8,562
                           Bearer plants                                          (b)                           164             5,887
                        Total depreciation of non-current assets                                              3,216            16,804
                        Employee benefits                                                                     7,748            29,435
                        Operating lease rental minimum lease payments                                           636             2,986
                        Net loss/ (gain) on disposal of property, plant and
                        equipment                                                                                  3              (48)

                        (a)   Fair value adjustment relates to the unwinding of crop profits recognised in prior periods. The profit is
                              reversed through inventory fair value adjustment whilst the benefit flows through cost of sales.

                        (b)   Depreciation on the almond trees amounting to $1.31 million (30 June 2018: $Nil) was capitalised
                              into the inventory cost base. Refer to note 10(b) for further information.




                                                                              44
                        Select Harvests Limited          Annual Report 2018 Transition Period           30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                      Note           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                    3 months to 12 months to
                                                                                             30 September 2018   30 Jun 2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                          $’000        $’000
                        7. INCOME TAX
                        (a) Income tax expense
                        Current tax                                                                      3,224        (3,376)
                        Deferred tax                                                                   (2,671)        (5,601)
                        Over provided in prior years                                                         -          (116)
                                                                                                           553        (9,093)
                        Income tax expense is attributable to:
                        Loss/ (Profit) from continuing operations                                         553         (9,093)
                        Aggregate income tax benefit/ (expense)                                           553         (9,093)
                        Deferred income tax benefit included in income tax benefit
                        comprises:
                        (Decrease)/ Increase in deferred tax assets                   7(c)                (54)            455
                        (Increase)/ (Decrease) in deferred tax liabilities            7(c)             (2,617)        (6,056)
                                                                                                       (2,671)        (5,601)



                        (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
                        (Loss)/ Profit from continuing operations before income tax                    (2,089)        29,464
                        expense

                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2018 – 30%)                                627         (8,839)
                        Tax effect of amounts that are not deductible/
                        (taxable) in calculating taxable income

                        Other assessable items                                                            (74)          (138)
                        (Under)/ Over provided in prior years                                                -          (116)
                        Income tax benefit/ (expense)                                                     553         (9,093)


                        (c) Deferred tax liabilities (Non-current)
                        The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                        Amounts recognised in profit and loss
                        Receivables                                                                        138            574
                        Inventory                                                                      13,374         10,149
                        Property, plant and equipment (includes bearer plants)                         34,461         34,760
                        Intangibles                                                                        871            871
                        Accruals and provisions                                                        (3,024)        (3,163)
                        Lease liabilities                                                              (8,203)        (8,251)
                                                                                                       37,617         34,940
                        Amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive income
                        Cash flow hedges                                                                 (272)         (507)




                                                                             45
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                       Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                      3 months to 12 months to
                                                                                               30 September 2018   30 Jun 2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                            $’000        $’000
                        7. INCOME TAX (continued)

                        Amounts recognised directly in equity
                        Equity raising costs                                                                   (148)             (148)

                        Net deferred tax liabilities                                                         37,197             34,285

                        Movements:
                        Opening balance 1 July                                                               34,285            30,591
                        Prior period (over)/ under provision                                                      -            (1,677)
                        Charged/ (Credited) to income statement                                               2,671              5,601
                        Debited/ (Credited) to equity                                                           241              (230)
                        Closing balance at 30 September/ June                                                37,197            34,285

                        The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                        based on the national income tax rate adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable
                        to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the
                        financial statements, and to unused tax losses.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to apply
                        when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or
                        substantively enacted. The relevant tax rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and
                        taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or liability. An exception is made for certain
                        temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred tax asset or
                        liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences if they arose in a transaction, other than a
                        business combination, that at the time of the transaction did not affect either accounting profit or taxable
                        profit or loss.

                        Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
                        probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                        Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
                        and tax bases of investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the
                        reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the
                        foreseeable future.

                        Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts recognised directly in equity are also recognised
                        directly in equity.

                        (i) Investment allowances and similar tax incentives
                        Companies within the group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying
                        assets or in relation to qualifying expenditure (e.g. the Research and Development Tax Incentive regime in
                        Australia or other investment allowances). The group accounts for such allowances as tax credits, which
                        means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax expense. A deferred tax asset is
                        recognised for unclaimed tax credits that are carried forward.




                                                                              46
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        7. INCOME TAX (continued)

                        (ii) Goods and Services Tax (GST)




For personal use only
                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST except:
                               Where the GST incurred on a purchase of goods and services is not recoverable from the taxation
                                authority, in which case the GST is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as
                                part of the expense item as applicable; and
                               Receivables and payables are stated with the amount of GST included.

                        The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of
                        receivables or payables in the balance sheet.

                        Cash flows are included in the cash flow statement on a gross basis and the GST component of cash flows
                        arising from investing and financing activities, which is recoverable from, or payable to the taxation authority
                        are classified as operating cash flows.

                        Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of the amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to,
                        the taxation authority.


                                                                                       Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                              30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                          $’000         $’000
                        8. DIVIDENDS PAID OR PROPOSED FOR ON ORDINARY SHARES

                        (a) Dividends paid during the period/ year
                        (i) Interim – paid Nil
                        (30 June 2018: Fully franked dividend 5c per share was
                        paid on 5 April 2018)                                                                     -              4,752

                        (ii) Final – paid Nil
                        (30 June 2018: Nil)                                                                       -                  -
                                                                                                                  -              4,752


                        (b) Dividends proposed and not recognised as a liability.
                        Given this is a three month transition period, no dividend is proposed.
                        (30 June 2018: Declared dividend of 7c per share which was paid on 5 October 2018).

                        (c) Franking credit balance                                           30 September 2018          30 June 2018
                                                                                                          $’000                 $’000
                        Franking credits available for subsequent reporting periods based
                        on a tax rate of 30% (2018: 30%)                                                    35,896              33,701

                        The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account (presented as the gross dividend value)
                        as at the end of the period, adjusted for:
                          (i)   Franking credits that will arise from the payment of the amount of the provision for income tax at the
                                reporting date
                         (ii)   Franking debits that will arise from the payment of dividends recognised as a liability at the reporting
                                date.



                                                                               47
                        Select Harvests Limited             Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                  30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                                                          Note             CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                  30 September 2018  30 June 2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                              $’000         $’000
                        9. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                        Trade receivables                                                                       34,350         44,716
                        Loss allowance                                                                           (158)            (19)
                                                                                                                34,192         44,697
                        Other receivables                                                                        2,869            706
                        Prepayments                                                                              9,962          5,975
                                                                                                                47,023         51,378

                        Trade Receivables
                        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                        course of business. They are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional and
                        subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Details about the Company’s
                        impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are explained below.

                        (a) Impairment of trade receivables

                        The group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
                        lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

                        To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk
                        characteristics and the days past due. The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales
                        over a period of 24 months before 30 September 2018 and the corresponding historical credit losses
                        experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking
                        information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

                        The ageing analysis as at 30 September 2018 and 1 July 2018 (on adoption of AASB 9) was determined as
                        follows:
                                                                               Up to 3 months      More than 3
                                                                                  past due      months past due         Total
                                                                   Current
                        30 September 2018                            $’000          $’000             $’000             $’000
                        Gross carrying amount                                  31,267               2,100                983   34,350



                                                                                        Up to 3 months   More than 3
                                                                                           past due    months past due          Total
                                                                          Current
                        1 July 2018                                        $’000             $’000         $’000                $’000
                        Gross carrying amount                                 41,430                2,430                856   44,716

                        Note: Expected credit loss on aged receivables is immaterial and not disclosed above.




                                                                                  48
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        9.TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

                        The closing loss allowances for trade receivables as at 30 September 2018 reconcile to the opening loss
                        allowances as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                          30 September 2018         30 June 2018
                                                                                                        $’000                $’000
                        30 June calculated under AASB 139                                                   19                   3
                        Amounts restated through opening retained earnings                                    -                  -
                        Opening loss allowances under AASB 9                                                19                   3
                        Increase in loan loss allowance recognised in profit or loss                       140                  16
                        during the period/ year
                        Unused amount reversed                                                              (1)                  -
                        At 30 September / 30 June                                                          158                  19

                        (b) Effective interest rates and credit risk
                        All receivables are non-interest bearing.

                        The Company minimises concentrations of credit risk in relation to trade receivables by undertaking
                        transactions with a large number of customers from across the range of business segments in which the
                        Company operates. Refer to Note 3 for more information on the risk management policy of the Company as
                        well as the effective interest rate and credit risk of both current and non-current receivables.

                        (c) Fair value
                        Due to the short-term nature of these receivables, their carrying amount is assumed to approximate their fair
                        value.

                                                                                     Note             CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                             30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                         $’000         $’000
                        10. INVENTORIES

                        Raw materials                                                                      6,843              6,273
                        Finished goods                                                                    16,799             14,799
                        Other inventories                                                                 11,415             10,928
                        Almond stock                                                   (a)                64,353             77,321
                                                                                                          99,410            109,321

                        Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value except for almond stocks which are
                        measured at fair value less estimated cost to sell at the point of harvest, and subsequently at Net Realisable
                        Value under AASB 102 Inventories.

                        Costs, incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition, are accounted for as follows:
                          Raw materials and consumables: purchase cost on a first in first out basis;
                          Finished goods and work in progress: cost of direct material and labour and a proportion of
                            manufacturing overheads based on normal operating capacity;
                          Almond stocks are valued in accordance with AASB 141 Agriculture whereby the cost of the non-living
                            (harvested) produce is deemed to be its net market value immediately after it becomes non-living. This
                            valuation takes into account current almond selling prices and current processing and selling costs; and
                          Other inventories comprise consumable stocks of chemicals, fertilisers and packaging materials.




                                                                              49
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                  30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        10. INVENTORIES (continued)

                         (a) Agriculture produce
                        Growing almond crop




For personal use only
                        The growing almond crop is valued in accordance with AASB 141 Agriculture. The inventory fair value
                        adjustment in the Statement of Comprehensive Income relates to the reversal of the fair valuation of the
                        2018 year almond crop. For the three months ended 30 September 2018, no fair value for 2019 almond crop
                        was adjusted in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. This change in recognition is to more
                        appropriately align with the cropping cycle and will improve the level of accuracy in the crop yield estimates,
                        quality and selling price estimates as well as committed volumes.

                         (b) Almond tree depreciation
                        During the period, the Company has amended the way it computes the fair value of almond stock. Prior to 1
                        July 2018, the company had recognised almond tree depreciation as a direct expense to the Statement of
                        Comprehensive Income and it was not included as part of its fair value calculations. With the change in the
                        Company’s financial year end, the Company has determined it is appropriate to capitalise the almond tree
                        depreciation into the cost base of the inventory, in line with the capitalisation policies for other costs relevant
                        to the production of inventory. The almond tree depreciation cost is subsequently recognised in the
                        Statement of Comprehensive Income when the inventory is sold. Had the change in computation been
                        implemented in the previous year, there would have been an improvement in the prior year profit before tax
                        of $0.9 million to the prior period. This amount has not been restated in the financials as it is not considered
                        material to the prior period.

                        In the three month period ended 30 September 2018, $1.31 million (12 month ended 30 June 2018: $Nil) of
                        almond tree depreciation was capitalised into the inventory cost base.


                                                                                        Note             CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                            $’000         $’000
                        11. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                        Current Assets
                        Forward exchange and option contracts – cash flow hedges                                   13                  21
                        Interest rate swap – fair value hedge                                                      11                  20
                        Total current derivative financial instrument assets                                       24                  41

                        Current Liabilities
                        Forward exchange and option contracts – cash flow hedges                                 929                1,732
                        Total current derivative financial instrument liabilities                                929                1,732

                        (a) Derivatives
                        Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
                        subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The method of recognising
                        the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if
                        so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Company designates derivatives as either; (1) hedges of the
                        fair value of recognised assets or liabilities or a firm commitment (fair value hedge); or (2) hedges of highly
                        probable forecast transactions (cash flow hedges).




                                                                                50
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                 30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        11. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

                        (i) Hedge ineffectiveness




For personal use only
                        Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic
                        prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged
                        item and hedging instrument. The Company documents the relationship between hedging instruments and
                        hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge
                        transactions.

                        For hedges of foreign currency purchases and sales, the Company enters into hedge relationships where
                        the critical terms of the hedging instrument match exactly with the terms of the hedged item. The Company
                        therefore performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness. If changes in circumstances affect the terms of
                        the hedged item such that the critical terms no longer match exactly with the critical terms of the hedging
                        instrument, the Company uses the hypothetical derivative method to assess effectiveness. Ineffectiveness
                        may arise if the timing of the forecast transaction changes from what was originally estimated or if there are
                        changes in the credit risk.

                        In hedges of foreign currency purchases and sales, ineffectiveness may arise if the timing of the forecast
                        transaction changes from what was originally estimated, or if there are changes in the credit risk of Australia
                        or the derivative counterparty.

                        (ii) Fair value hedge
                        Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are recorded in
                        the income statement, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are
                        attributable to the hedged risk.

                        (iii) Cash flow hedge
                        The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow
                        hedges is recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective
                        portion is recognised immediately in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

                        When option contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Company designates both the intrinsic
                        value and time value of the options as the hedging instrument. Gains and losses relating to the effective
                        portion of the change in value of the options are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity.
                        Prior to 1 July 2018, the time value of options was recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.

                        When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Company designates the full change in
                        fair value of the forward contract (including forward points) as the hedging instrument. The gains or losses
                        relating to the effective portion of the change in fair value of the entire forward contract are recognised in the
                        cash flow hedge reserve within equity.

                        Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified in the Statement of Comprehensive Income in the periods
                        when the hedged item will affect profit or loss (for instance when the forecast sale that is hedged takes
                        place). However, when the forecast transaction that is hedged results in the recognition of a non-financial
                        asset (for example, inventory) or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously deferred in equity
                        are transferred from equity and included in the measurement of the initial cost or carrying amount of the
                        asset or liability.

                        When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria
                        for hedge accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity
                        and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in the income statement. When a
                        forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in equity is
                        immediately transferred to the Statement of Comprehensive Income.



                                                                               51
                        Select Harvests Limited             Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                  30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        11. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

                        The Company entered into forward foreign currency contracts to buy and sell specified amounts of foreign
                        currency in the future at stipulated exchange rates. The objective of entering the forward foreign currency




For personal use only
                        contracts is to protect the Company against unfavourable exchange rate movements for highly probable
                        contracted and forecasted sales and purchases undertaken in foreign currencies.

                        At balance date, the details of outstanding foreign currency contracts are:
                        Less than 6 months                       Sell Australian Dollars                 Average Exchange Rate
                                                           30 September 2018       30 June 2018      30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                        $’000              $’000                      $            $
                        FEC Buy USD Settlement                      USD2,062           USD1,761                    0.72         0.74
                        FEC Buy Euro Settlement                       EUR347             EUR375                    0.63         0.63
                        Less than 6 months                       Buy Australian Dollars                  Average Exchange Rate
                                                           30 September 2018       30 June 2018      30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                        $’000              $’000                      $            $
                        FEC Sell USD Settlement                    USD11,400          USD24,533                    0.73         0.76
                        Options Sell USD Settlement                           -       USD15,000                       -         0.75
                        More than 6 months                       Buy Australian Dollars                  Average Exchange Rate
                                                           30 September 2018       30 June 2018      30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                        $’000              $’000                      $            $
                        FEC Sell USD Settlement                    USD11,000                   -                   0.74            -
                        Option Sell USD Settlement                  USD5,000           USD5,000                    0.73         0.74

                        (iv) Credit risk exposures
                        The maximum exposure to credit risk, excluding the value of any collateral or other security, at balance date
                        to recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of those assets, net of any provisions for doubtful debts
                        of those assets, as disclosed in the balance sheet and Notes to the financial statements.

                        Credit risk for derivative financial instruments arises from the potential failure by counterparties to the
                        contract to meet their obligations at maturity. The credit risk exposure to forward exchange contracts and the
                        interest rate swap are the net fair values of these instruments.

                        The net amount of the foreign currency the Company will be required to pay or purchase when settling the
                        brought forward foreign currency contracts should the counterparty not pay the currency it is committed to
                        deliver to the Company at balance date was USD $25,338,167 and EUR $346,994 (30 June 2018: USD
                        $42,771,322; EUR $375,244).

                        The Company does not have any material credit risk exposure to any single debtor or group of debtors
                        under financial instruments entered into by the Company.

                        (v) Hedging reserves
                        The Company’s hedging reserves as presented in Statement of Changes in Equity relate to the following
                        hedging instruments:
                                                                                                             CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                            Intrinsic value Spot component of   Total hedge
                                                                                                 of options currency forwards      reserves
                                                                                                      $’000             $’000          $’000
                        Opening balance 1 July 2017                                                     -               1,110          1,110
                        Add: Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised in OCI           (239)             (1,111)        (1,350)
                        Less: Reclassified to cost of inventory- recognised in OCI                      -             (1,110)        (1,110)
                        Less: Deferred tax                                                             72                 159            231
                        Closing balance 30 June 2018                                                (167)               (952)        (1,119)
                        Add: Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised in OCI           (294)               (491)          (785)
                        Less: Reclassified from OCI to profit or loss                                 239                 979          1,218
                        Less: Deferred tax                                                             16               (257)          (241)
                        Closing balance 30 September 2018                                           (206)               (721)          (927)




                                                                                 52
                        Select Harvests Limited              Annual Report 2018 Transition Period            30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        11. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

                        (vi) Market risk
                        The effects of the foreign currency related hedging instruments on the Company’s financial position and




For personal use only
                        performance are as follows:
                                                                                             CONSOLIDATED
                                                                             30 September 2018                  30 June 2018
                                                                                   $’000                             $’000
                                                                              Buy USD          Buy EUR         Buy USD        Buy EUR
                        Foreign currency forwards
                        Carrying amount asset/ (liability)                             7                6                22        (1)
                        Notional amount                                           2,062              347             1,761        375
                        Maturity date                                    October 2018 -    October 2018 -      July 2018 – July 2018 –
                                                                        November 2018       January 2019      August 2018 August 2018
                        Hedge ratio*                                                 1:1              1:1               1:1        1:1
                        Change in discounted spot value of
                        outstanding hedging instruments since 1
                        July                                                          7                6               22          (20)
                        Change in value of hedged item used to
                        determine hedge effectiveness                                (7)              (6)            (22)          (20)
                        Weighted average hedged rate for the
                        period/ year (including forward points)                  0.7241           0.6251           0.7436        0.6320

                                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                   30 September 2018        30 June 2018
                                                                                         $’000                  $’000
                                                                                        Sell USD              Sell USD
                        Foreign currency forwards
                        Carrying amount (liability)                                                 (635)                  (1,132)
                        Notional amount                                                          22,400                     24,533
                        Maturity date                                         October 2018 - August 2019 July 2018 – November 2018
                        Hedge ratio                                                                   1:1                       1:1
                        Change in discounted spot value of outstanding                              (504)                  (1,132)
                        hedging instruments since 1 July
                        Change in value of hedged item used to determine                              504                         1,132
                        hedge effectiveness
                        Weighted average hedged rate for the period/ year            USD$0.7384: AUD$1            USD$0.7650: AUD$1
                        (including forward points)

                        Foreign currency options
                        Carrying amount (liability)                                                  (294)                        (600)
                        Notional amount                                                             5,000                       20,000
                        Maturity date                                                           June 2019        July 2018 – June 2019
                        Hedge ratio                                                                    1:1                          1:1
                        Change in intrinsic value of outstanding hedging                             (142)                        (600)
                        instruments since 1 July
                        Change in value of hedged item used to determine                              142                          600
                        hedge effectiveness
                        Weighted average strike rate for the period/ year            USD$0.7315: AUD$1            USD$0.7409: AUD$1




                                                                              53
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period              30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                        (a) Reconciliations
                        Reconciliations of the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment for the current period.




For personal use only
                                                                     Plantation
                                                                      land and                                  Capital
                                                                      irrigation     Plant and     Bearer       work in
                                                        Buildings      systems      equipment      Plants      progress       Total
                                                          $’000          $’000         $’000        $’000        $’000        $’000
                         At 30 June 2017
                         Cost                               17,567        109,820         88,486    136,680        40,940      393,493
                         Accumulated depreciation           (2,658)       (32,748)      (53,939)    (21,671)             -   (111,016)
                         Net book amount                    14,909          77,072        34,547    115,009        40,940      282,477

                         Year ended 30 June 2018
                         Opening net book amount            14,909        77,072         34,547      115,009       40,940     282,477
                         Additions                               -              -              -        8,364      20,100       28,464
                         Disposals                               -              -          (236)            -         (70)       (306)
                         Depreciation expense                (391)        (1,964)        (8,562)      (5,887)            -    (16,804)
                         Transfers between classes           3,899          1,803        17,702             -    (23,404)            -
                         Closing net book amount            18,417        76,911         43,451      117,486       37,566     293,831

                         At 30 June 2018
                         Cost                              21,466        111,623       105,802      145,044        37,566      421,501
                         Accumulated depreciation          (3,049)       (34,712)      (62,351)     (27,558)            -    (127,670)
                         Net book amount                   18,417          76,911        43,451     117,486        37,566      293,831

                         Period ended 30
                         September 2018
                         Opening net book amount            18,417        76,911         43,451      117,486       37,566      293,831
                         Additions                               -             -                -       2,007        6,949        8,956
                         Disposals                               -             -              (7)           -            -           (7)
                         Depreciation expense                (105)         (514)         (2,468)      (1,472)            -      (4,559)
                         Transfers between classes               -           348           3,893            -      (4,241)             -
                         Closing net book amount            18,313        76,744         44,868      118,021       40,275      298,221

                         At 30 September 2018
                         Cost                              21,466        111,971       109,537      146,709        40,275      430,299
                         Accumulated depreciation          (3,153)       (35,227)      (64,669)     (29,030)            -    (132,078)
                         Net book amount                   18,313          76,744        44,868     117,679        40,275      298,221


                        Cost and valuation
                        All classes of property, plant and equipment are measured at historical cost less accumulated depreciation.
                        The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is reviewed annually by directors to ensure it is not in
                        excess of the recoverable amount from those assets. The recoverable amount is assessed on the basis of
                        the expected net cash flows which will be received from the assets’ employment and subsequent disposal.
                        The expected net cash flows have been discounted to present values in determining recoverable amounts.

                        As part of the Company’s refinancing activities in November 2017 an independent bank valuation was
                        completed for specific assets of our Almond Division (owned orchards and Carina West Processing Facility).
                        The book value of the assets at time of valuation was $171.6 million against an independent valuation for
                        these assets at $250.6 million.




                                                                             54
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                  30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

                        Depreciation
                        The depreciable amount of all fixed assets including buildings and capitalised leased assets, but excluding




For personal use only
                        freehold land water rights are depreciated on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives to the
                        entity commencing from the time the asset is held ready for use. Bearer plants are assumed ready for use
                        when a commercial crop is produced from the seventh year post planting. The depreciation on the almond
                        trees amounting to $1.3 million (30 June 2018: $Nil) was capitalised into the inventory cost base. Refer to
                        note 10(b) for further information. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of either the
                        unexpired period of the lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements.

                        The useful lives for each class of assets are:
                         Buildings:                                                   25 to 40 years
                         Leasehold improvements:                                       5 to 40 years
                         Plant and equipment:                                          5 to 20 years
                         Leased plant and equipment:                                   5 to 10 years
                         Bearer plants                                                10 to 30 years
                         Irrigation systems:                                          10 to 40 years

                        Capital works in progress
                        Capital works in progress are valued at cost and relate to costs incurred for owned orchards and other
                        assets under development.

                        (b) Leased assets
                        Plant and equipment and bearer plants includes the following amounts where the Group is a lessee under a
                        finance lease.
                                                                                    Note             CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                         30 September 2018          30 June 2018
                                                                                                       $’000                $’000
                        Leasehold plant and equipment and bearer plants
                        At cost                                                                               46,246                48,215
                        Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                             (11,262)              (11,507)
                                                                                                              34,984                36,708

                        Leases
                        Leases are classified at their inception as either operating or finance leases based on the economic substance
                        of the agreement so as to reflect the risks and benefits incidental to ownership.

                        Finance leases
                        Leases which effectively transfer substantially all the risks and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased
                        item to the Company are capitalised at the present value of the minimum lease payments and disclosed as
                        plant and equipment under lease. A lease liability of equal value is also recognised.

                        Capitalised leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the assets and the
                        lease term. Minimum lease payments are allocated between interest expense and reduction of the lease
                        liability with the interest expense calculated using the interest rate implicit in the lease and charged directly to
                        the income statement.

                        The cost of improvements to or on leasehold property is capitalised, disclosed as leasehold improvements,
                        and amortised over the unexpired period of the lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements,
                        whichever is the shorter.




                                                                                55
                        Select Harvests Limited              Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                    30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                     Brand  Permanent
                                                                                  Goodwill          Names* Water Rights                Total




For personal use only
                                                                                     $’000            $’000       $’000                $’000
                        13. INTANGIBLES

                        Year ended 30 June 2018
                        Opening net book amount                                      25,995            2,905            31,704        60,604
                        Closing net book amount                                      25,995            2,905            31,704        60,604

                        Period ended 30 September 2018
                        Opening net book amount                                      25,995            2,905            31,704        60,604
                        Acquisition of permanent water rights                             -                -             4,074         4,074
                        Closing net book amount                                      25,995            2,905            35,779        64,679
                        *Brand name assets principally relate to the “Lucky” brand, which has been assessed as having an indefinite useful life.
                        This assessment is based on the Lucky brand having been sold in the market place for over 50 years, being a market
                        leader in the cooking nuts category and remaining a heritage brand.

                        Goodwill
                        Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Company’s share of
                        the net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary/business at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is not
                        amortised. Instead, goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
                        circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less any accumulated impairment
                        losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the
                        entity sold. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.

                        Brand names
                        Brand names are measured at cost. Directors are of the view that brand names have an indefinite life.
                        Brand names are therefore not depreciated. Instead, brand names are tested for impairment annually or
                        more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired, and are carried
                        at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

                        Permanent water rights
                        Permanent water rights are recorded at historical cost. Such rights have an indefinite life, and are not
                        depreciated. As an integral component of the land and irrigation infrastructure required to grow almonds, the
                        carrying value is tested annually for impairment. If events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment,
                        the carrying value is adjusted to take account of any impairment losses.

                        The Company had completed an assessment of these rights, currently at a historical cost value of $35.8
                        million (30 June 2018: $31.7 million), based on current market rates and has determined a comparable
                        value of $56.3 million (30 June 2018: $51.6 million).

                        Impairment of assets
                        Goodwill and other Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and
                        are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment
                        whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
                        An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
                        recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and
                        value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which
                        there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).



                                                                                   56
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        13. INTANGIBLES (continued)

                        (a) Impairment tests for goodwill and brand names




For personal use only
                        Goodwill is allocated to the Company’s cash-generating units (CGU) identified according to operating
                        segment. The total value of goodwill and brand names relates to the Food Products CGU. The recoverable
                        amount of a CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations which require the use of assumptions.
                        These calculations use cash flow forecasts based on financial projections by management covering a five
                        year period based on growth rates taking into account past performance and its expectations for the future.

                        As impairment test is conducted annually and after assessing indicators for any impairment, management is
                        satisfied that impairment testing was not required at 30 September 2018. The latest impairment test was
                        performed for 30 June 2018 with the assumptions made including new product development, enhanced
                        marketing and market penetration and the exiting of lower margin business will improve EBIT over the
                        forecast period. Cash flow projections beyond the five year period are not extrapolated, but a terminal value
                        with a nil growth rate is included in the calculations. A real pre-tax weighted average cost of capital of 11.1%
                        was used to discount the cash flow projections. No material changes in key assumptions arose during the
                        period.

                        (b) Impact of possible changes to key assumptions
                        The recoverable amount of the goodwill and brand names in the Food Division exceeds the carrying amount
                        of goodwill at 30 September 2018 and 30 June 2018. Based on impairment testing performed at 30 June
                        2018, a decrease of 10% in the projected annual cash flows, or an increase of 1% in the pre-tax discount
                        rate of 11.1% does not result in an impairment of the goodwill and brand names. These changes would be
                        considered reasonably possible changes to the key assumptions.

                        (c) Permanent water rights
                        The value of permanent water rights relates to the Almond Division Cash Generating Unit (CGU) and is an
                        integral part of land and irrigation infrastructures required to grow almond orchards. The fair value of
                        permanent water rights is supported by the tradeable market value, which at current market prices is in
                        excess of book value.



                                                                                       Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                              30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                          $’000         $’000
                        14. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                        Trade creditors                                                                     24,088              12,206
                        Other creditors and accruals*                                                       16,231              10,766
                                                                                                            40,319              22,972
                        * This includes dividend payable to shareholders of $6.66million.

                        These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the
                        period which are unpaid. These amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition.




                                                                               57
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                 30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                        Note             CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                            $’000         $’000




For personal use only
                        15. INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES

                        Current- Secured
                        Bank overdraft                                                                           250               3,161
                        Debt facilities                                                                            -                   -
                        Finance lease                                                   20(b)                  4,572               4,995
                                                                                                               4,822               8,156
                        Non-current- Secured
                        Debt facilities                                                                      30,400               31,500
                        Finance lease                                                   20(b)                30,558               31,491
                                                                                                             60,958               62,991
                        Borrowings
                        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                        subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                        and the redemption amount is recognised in the income statement over the period of the borrowings using
                        the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction
                        costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this
                        case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
                        that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services
                        and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
                        of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

                        Borrowing costs
                        Borrowing costs incurred for the construction of any qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time
                        that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use. All other borrowing costs, inclusive of
                        all facility fees, bank charges, and interest, are expensed as incurred.

                        (a) Security
                        Details of the security relating to each of the secured liabilities and further information on the bank overdrafts
                        and bank facilities are set out in 15(c).

                        Finance lease is secured with plant and equipment and bearer plants with various leasing companies and
                        First State Super respectively.

                        (b) Interest rate risk exposures
                        Details of the Company’s exposure to interest rate changes on borrowings are set out in Note 3.

                        (c) Assets pledged as security
                        The bank overdraft and debt facilities of the parent entity and subsidiaries are secured by the following:
                           (i) A registered mortgage debenture is held as security over all the assets and undertakings of Select
                               Harvests Limited and the entities of the wholly owned group.
                          (ii) A deed of cross guarantee exists between the entities of the wholly owned group.




                                                                                58
                        Select Harvests Limited          Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        15. INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES (continued)
                        The carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are:
                                                                                    Note             CONSOLIDATED




For personal use only
                                                                                           30 September 2018        30 June 2018
                                                                                                         $’000             $’000
                        Current
                        Floating charge
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                         6,860                394
                        Receivables                                                                      47,023             51,378
                        Inventories                                                                      99,410            109,321
                        Derivative financial instruments                                                     24                 41
                        Total current assets pledged as security                                        153,317            161,134

                        Non-current
                        Floating charge
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                   263,237            257,123
                        Permanent water rights                                                           35,779             31,704
                        Total non-current assets pledged as security                                    299,016            288,827
                        Total assets pledged as security                                                452,333            449,961

                        Financing arrangements

                        The Company has a debt facility available to the extent of $100,000,000 as at 30 September 2018 (30 June
                        2018: $100,000,000). The Company has bank overdraft facilities available to the extent of US$5,000,000 (30
                        June 2018: US$5,000,000). The current interest rates at balance date are 3.29% (30 June 2018: 3.46%) on
                        the debt facility, and 1.925% (30 June 2018: 1.925%) on the United States dollar bank overdraft facility.



                                                                                     Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                            30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                        $’000         $’000
                        16. DEFERRED GAIN ON SALE

                        Current
                        Sale and leaseback                                                                  175                 175
                        Non-Current
                        Sale and leaseback                                                                 2,802              2,846

                        The deferred gain on sale relates to the sale and leaseback of bearer plants for three orchards that were
                        sold to First State Super on 22 September 2015 and 1 January 2016. The lease is for a 20 year term.




                                                                             59
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                       Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                              30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                          $’000         $’000




For personal use only
                        17. PROVISIONS
                        Current
                        Employee benefits                                                                     3,167                 3,069

                        Non-Current
                        Employee benefits                                                                     1,613                 1,687

                        Provisions
                        Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
                        past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the
                        amount has been reliably estimated.

                        Employee benefits
                        (i) Short-term obligations:
                        Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and annual leave expected to be settled
                        wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are
                        recognised in respect of employees' services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the
                        amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

                        The liability for annual leave is recognised in the provision for employee benefits. All other short-term
                        employee benefit obligations are presented as payables.

                        (ii) Other long-term benefit obligations
                        The liability for long service leave and annual leave which is not expected to be settled wholly within 12
                        months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service is recognised in the
                        provision for employee benefits and measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made
                        in respect of services provided by employees up to the end of the reporting period using the projected unit
                        credit method. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee
                        departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the end
                        of the reporting period on national government bonds with terms to maturity and currency that match, as
                        closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.

                        Contributions are made by the Company to an employee superannuation fund and are charged as expenses
                        when incurred.




                                                                               60
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                  30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                        Note                CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                   30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                               $’000         $’000




For personal use only
                        18. CONTRIBUTED EQUITY
                        (a) Issued and paid up capital
                        Ordinary shares fully paid                                                          268,567            268,567

                        Contributed equity
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. The value of new shares or options issued is shown in equity.

                        (b) Movements in shares on issue
                                                                                     30 September 2018       30 June 2018
                                                                                    Number of             Number of
                                                                                       Shares       $’000   Shares        $’000
                        Beginning of the period/ year                               95,226,349         268,567 73,606,835      181,164
                        Issued during the period/ year:
                             Dividend reinvestment plan                                       -             -     180,700          949
                             Long term incentive plan – tranche vested                        -             -           -            -
                             Ordinary shares issued under equity raising
                                (net of transaction costs and deferred tax)                  -               - 21,438,814       86,454
                        End of the period/ year                                     95,226,349         268,567 95,226,349      268,567


                        (c) Performance Rights
                        Long Term Incentive Plan
                        The Company offered employee participation in long term incentive schemes as part of the remuneration
                        packages for the employees. In determining the quantum of rights offered the board considers a number of
                        factors including: the corporate strategy; the appropriate mix of fixed and at risk remuneration; the fair value
                        and face value of the rights; and the market relativity of employees with equivalent responsibilities.

                        The long term scheme involves the issue of performance rights to the employee, under the Long Term
                        Incentive Plan. The market value of ordinary Select Harvests Limited shares closed at $5.32 on 30
                        September 2018 ($6.90 on 30 June 2018).

                        (d) Ordinary shares
                        Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the company
                        in proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held.

                        On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present at a meeting in person or by proxy, is entitled to
                        one vote, and upon a poll each share is entitled to one vote.

                        (e) Capital risk management
                        The group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so
                        that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain
                        an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
                        shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.




                                                                               61
                        Select Harvests Limited              Annual Report 2018 Transition Period       30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                     Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                            30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                        $’000         $’000
                        19. RECONCILIATON OF THE NET PROFIT AFTER INCOME TAX




For personal use only
                            TO THE NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                        Net (loss)/ profit after tax                                                  (1,536)          20,371
                        Non-cash items
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                  3,216           16,797
                        Inventory fair value adjustment                                               12,675         (13,391)
                        Net loss/ (gain) on sale of assets                                                  3             (48)
                        Options expense                                                                     9             228
                        Deferred gain on sale                                                            (44)           (175)
                        Rental adjustment                                                                   -         (1,707)

                        Changes in assets and liabilities
                        (Increase)/ Decrease in receivables                                             4,355         (4,572)
                        (Increase)/ Decrease in inventory                                             (1,973)         (8,456)
                        Increase/ (Decrease) in trade payables                                        10,642            8,728
                        (Decrease)/ Increase in income tax payable                                    (5,419)         (3,306)
                        (Decrease)/ Increase in deferred tax liability                                  2,912           3,693
                        Increase in employee entitlements                                                  20             125
                        Net cash flow from operating activities                                       24,860          18,287


                        Non cash financing activities
                        During the current three month period ended 30 September 2018, the company issued Nil (30 June 2018:
                        180,700) of new equity as part of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan.

                        (a) Net debt reconciliation

                        Net debt movement during the period/ year as follows:
                                                                                     Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                            30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                        $’000         $’000
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                       6,610         (2,767)
                        Borrowings- repayable after one year                                         (30,400)        (31,500)
                        Finance lease liabilities- repayable within one year                          (4,572)         (4,995)
                        Finance lease liabilities- repayable after one year                          (30,558)        (31,491)
                        Net debt                                                                     (58,920)        (70,753)




                                                                               62
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        19. RECONCILIATON OF THE NET PROFIT AFTER INCOME TAX TO THE
                            NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (continued)

                                                                               Liabilities from financing activities




For personal use only
                                                                              Finance      Finance    Borrowings Borrowings
                                                           Cash/ bank      leases due leases due      due within 1 due after 1
                                                             overdraft   within 1 year after 1 year          year        year       Total
                                                                $’000            $’000        $’000         $’000       $’000       $’000
                        Net debt as at 1 July 2018             (2,767)         (4,995)     (31,491)             -      (31,500)   (70,753)
                        Cash flows                               8,160           1,356            -             -         1,100     10,616
                        Acquisitions finance leases                  -               -                          -             -          -
                        Foreign exchange adjustments             1,217               -           -              -             -      1,217
                        Other non-cash movements                     -           (933)         933              -             -          -
                        Net debt as at 30 September 2018        6,610          (4,572)     (30,558)             -      (30,400) (58,920)

                                                                               Liabilities from financing activities

                                                                Cash/         Finance      Finance    Borrowings Borrowings
                                                                 bank      leases due leases due      due within 1 due after 1
                                                             overdraft   within 1 year after 1 year          year        year       Total
                                                                $’000            $’000        $’000         $’000       $’000       $’000
                        Net debt as at 1 July 2017             (1,931)         (4,894)     (36,492)     (102,500)             - (145,817)
                        Cash flows                             (1,087)           4,899            -       102,500      (31,500)    74,812
                        Acquisitions finance leases                  -               -                          -             -         -
                        Foreign exchange adjustments               251               -           -              -             -       251
                        Other non-cash movements                     -         (5,001)       5,001              -             -         -
                        Net debt as at 30 June 2018            (2,767)         (4,995)     (31,491)             -      (31,500) (70,753)




                                                                               63
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        20. EXPENDITURE COMMITMENTS
                        (a) Operating lease commitments
                        Commitments payable in relation to leases contracted for at the reporting date but not recognised as liabilities:




For personal use only
                                                                                       Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                              30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                          $’000         $’000
                        Minimum lease payments
                             Within one year                                                               24,613              24,114
                             Later than one year and not later than five years                             93,546              92,353
                             Later than five years                                                        195,908             196,100
                        Aggregate lease expenditure contracted for at reporting date                       314,067             312,567

                        Operating leases
                        The minimum lease payments of operating leases, where the lessor effectively retains substantially all of
                        the risks and benefits of ownership of the leased item, are recognised as an expense on a straight line
                        basis over the term of the lease.

                        (i) Property and equipment leases (non-cancellable):
                        Minimum lease payments
                              Within one year                                                                3,325              3,297
                              Later than one year and not later than five years                              5,204              5,872
                              Later than five years                                                              -                  -
                        Aggregate lease expenditure contracted for at reporting date                          8,529              9,169

                        Property and equipment lease payments are for rental of premises, farming and factory equipment.

                        (ii) Almond orchard leases:
                        Minimum lease payments
                              Within one year                                                              21,288              20,817
                              Later than one year and not later than five years                            88,342              86,481
                              Later than five years                                                       195,908             196,100
                        Aggregate lease expenditure contracted for at reporting date                       305,538             303,398

                        The almond orchard leases comprises:

                          (i)    A 20 year lease of a 512 acre (207 hectares) almond orchard and a 1,002 acre (405 hectares) lease
                                 from Arrow Funds Management in which the Company has the right to harvest the almonds from the
                                 trees owned by the lessor for the term of the agreement. The Company also has first right of refusal
                                 to purchase the properties in the event that the lessor wished to sell. Other leases within the
                                 consolidated entity have renewal and first right of refusal clauses.
                          (ii)   A 20 year lease of 3,017 acres (1,221 hectares) at Hillston with Rural Funds Management.
                         (iii)   A 20 year lease of 5,877 acres (2,382 hectares) of almond and 722 acres (292 hectares) citrus
                                 orchards and approximately 599 acres (242 hectares) for future development of almonds with First
                                 State Super. The Company has the right to harvest the almonds from the trees owned by the lessor
                                 for the term of the agreement. The Company also has first right of refusal to purchase the properties
                                 in the event that the lessor wished to sell.




                                                                              64
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period              30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        20. EXPENDITURE COMMITMENTS (continued)

                                                                                      Note            CONSOLIDATED




For personal use only
                                                                                              30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                          $’000         $’000
                        (b) Finance lease commitments
                        Commitments payable in relation to leases contracted for at the reporting date and recognised as liabilities:

                        Within one year                                                                      6,637                  7,141
                        Later than one year but not later than five years                                   14,255                 15,034
                        Later than 5 years                                                                  30,800                 31,441
                        Minimum lease payments                                                              51,692                 53,616

                        Future finance charges                                                             (16,561)               (17,130)
                        Total lease liabilities                                                              35,131                 36,486

                        The present value of finance lease liabilities is as
                        follows:
                        Within one year                                                                      4,572                  4,995
                        Later than one year but not later than five years                                    7,891                  8,523
                        Later than 5 years                                                                  22,668                 22,968
                        Minimum lease payments                                                              35,131                 36,486

                        Finance lease payments are for rental of farming equipment and bearer plants with a net carrying amount at
                        30 September 2018 of $10,492,547 (30 June 2018: $12,216,283) and $24,491,675 (30 June 2018:
                        $24,491,675) respectively.

                        (c) Capital commitments
                                                                                      Note            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                              30 September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                          $’000         $’000
                        Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as
                        liabilities is as follows:

                        Property, plant and equipment                                                         4,201                11,557



                        21. EVENTS OCCURING AFTER BALANCE DATE
                        There have been no significant events that have occurred after balance date.




                                                                               65
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        22. EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                                                                                      3 months to    12 months to
                                                                                                   30 September 2018 30 June 2018
                                                                                                         Cents           Cents




For personal use only
                        Basic (loss)/ earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the            (1.6)           23.2
                        company
                        Diluted (loss)/ earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the
                        company                                                                           (1.6)              23.1

                        The following reflects the (loss)/ income and share data used in the calculations of basic and diluted (loss)/
                        earnings per share:
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                     3 months to        12 months to
                                                                                                 30 September 2018 30 June 2018
                                                                                                         $’000               $’000
                        Basic earnings per share:
                        (Loss)/ Profit attributable to equity holders of the company used in
                        calculating basic earnings per share                                            (1,536)                  20,371
                        Diluted earnings per share:
                        (Loss)/ Profit attributable to equity holders of the company used in
                        calculating diluted earnings per share                                          (1,536)                  20,371

                                                                                                           Number of shares
                                                                                                   30 September 2018 30 June 2018
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating
                        basic earnings per share                                                       95,226,349          87,863,273
                        Effect of dilutive securities:
                        Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares used in
                        calculating diluted earnings per share                                         95,542,321          88,352,139

                        Basic Earnings per share
                        Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the company
                        by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period/ year.

                        Diluted earnings per share
                        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                        into account the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                        assuming the conversion of all dilutive ordinary shares, and after income tax effect of interest and other
                        financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares.


                                                                                       Note              CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                          3 months to 12 months to
                                                                                                   30 September 2018 30 June 2018
                                                                                                                    $            $
                        23. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS
                        Audit and other assurance services
                        Audit and review of financial statements                                             145,000         285,000
                        Other services                                                                             -               -
                        Total remuneration of PricewaterhouseCoopers                                         145,000         285,000




                                                                               66
                        Select Harvests Limited                 Annual Report 2018 Transition Period             30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        24. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

                        (a) Parent entity




For personal use only
                        The parent entity within the consolidated entity is Select Harvests Limited.

                        (b) Subsidiaries
                                                                                         Country of         Percentage Owned (%)
                                                                                      Incorporation
                                                                                                          30 September        30 June
                                                                                                                  2018           2018
                          Parent Entity:
                          Select Harvests Limited (i)                                       Australia               100              100

                          Subsidiaries of Select Harvests Limited:
                          Kyndalyn Park Pty Ltd (i)                                         Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests Food Products Pty Ltd (i)                         Australia               100              100
                          Meriram Pty Ltd (i)                                               Australia               100              100
                          Kibley Pty Ltd (i)                                                Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests Nominee Pty Ltd (i)                               Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests Orchards Nominee Pty Ltd (i)                      Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests Water Rights Unit Trust (i)                       Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests Water Rights Trust (i)                            Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests Land Unit Trust (i)                               Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests South Australian Orchards Trust (i)               Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests Victorian Orchards Trust (i)                      Australia               100              100
                          Select Harvests NSW Orchards Trust (i)                            Australia               100              100
                          Jubilee Almonds Irrigation Trust Inc                              Australia               100              100
                         (i) Members of extended closed group


                        (c) Key management personnel compensation


                                                                                         Note                 CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                         3 months to 30 12 months to
                                                                                                        September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                                      $             $
                           Short term employment benefits                                                      777,279      3,659,706
                           Post-employment benefits                                                              71,862       227,707
                           Long service leave                                                                  (23,541)        94,703
                           Share based payments                                                                   6,998       223,333
                                                                                                               832,598      4,205,449

                        Other disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in the Remuneration Report.

                        (d) Director related entity transactions
                        There were no director related entity transactions during the period.

                        (e) Directors’ interests in contracts
                        Michael Carroll is a director of Rural Funds Management, the responsible entity for Rural Funds Group,
                        which leases orchards to Select Harvests. Additionally, he is a director of Elders Limited which supplies crop
                        inputs, other farm related products and water brokering services to Select Harvests. These transactions are
                        on normal commercial terms and procedures are in place to manage any potential conflicts of interest.




                                                                                 67
                        Select Harvests Limited              Annual Report 2018 Transition Period             30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        25. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

                        Long Term Incentive Plan
                        The Group offers executive directors and senior executives the opportunity to participate in the long term




For personal use only
                        incentive plan (LTI Plan) involving the issue of performance rights to the employee under the LTI Plan. The
                        LTI Plan provides for the offer of a parcel of performance rights with a three year performance period to
                        participating employees on an annual basis. One third of the rights vesting each year, with half of the rights
                        vesting upon achievement of underlying earnings per share (EPS) Cummulative Annual Growth Rate
                        (CAGR) targets and the other half vesting upon achievement of total shareholder return (TSR) targets. The
                        underlying EPS growth targets are based on the CAGR of the company’s underlying EPS over the three
                        years prior to vesting. The TSR targets are measured based on the company’s average TSR compared to
                        the TSR of a peer group of ASX listed companies over the three years prior to vesting. The performance
                        targets and vesting proportions are as follows:

                                                                   Current Issues
                         Measure                                                             Rights to Vest
                         Underlying EPS
                         Below 5% CAGR                                     Nil
                         5% CAGR                                           25%
                         5.1% - 19.9% CAGR                                 Pro rata vesting
                         20% or higher CAGR                                50%
                         TSR
                         Below the 50th percentile*                        Nil
                         50th percentile*                                  25%
                         51st – 74th percentile*                           Pro rata vesting
                         At or above 75th percentile*                      50%
                        * Of the peer group of ASX listed companies as outlined in the directors’ report.




                                                                                   68
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        25. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (continued)




For personal use only
                        Summary of performance rights over unissued ordinary shares
                        Details of performance rights over unissued ordinary shares at the beginning and ending of the reporting date and movements during the period are set out
                        below:

                        30 September 2018
                          Grant date    Vesting     Exercise     Balance    Granted     Forfeited     Vested      Balance at end of   Proceeds   Shares     Fair   Fair value
                                         date        Price       at start    during    during the     during          the year        received   issued    value   aggregate
                                                                  of the    the year      year       the year                                               per
                                                                   year                                                                                    share
                                                                 Number     Number      Number       Number      On Issue    Vested       $      Number      $         $
                          20/10/2014   30/06/2020      -         150,000       -           -               -      150,000         -          -      -       4.21     631,500
                          29/09/2016   30/06/2020      -         120,000       -        (20,000)           -      100,000         -          -      -       3.23     323,000
                          02/12/2016   30/06/2020      -          30,000       -           -               -      30,000          -          -      -       3.23      96,900
                          20/11/2017   30/06/2020      -          18,000       -           -               -      18,000          -          -      -       3.65      65,700


                        30 June 2018
                          Grant date    Vesting     Exercise     Balance    Granted    Forfeited     Vested     Balance at end of     Proceeds   Shares     Fair   Fair value
                                         date        Price       at start    during     during       during         the year          received   issued    value   aggregate
                                                                  of the    the year   the year     the year                                                per
                                                                   year                                                                                    share
                                                                 Number     Number     Number       Number      On Issue    Vested       $       Number      $         $
                          20/10/2014   30/06/2020      -          225,000       -       75,000         -         150,000      -          -         -        4.21     631,500
                          29/09/2016   30/06/2020      -          265,000       -      145,000         -         120,000      -          -         -        3.23     387,600
                          02/12/2016   30/06/2020      -          67,500        -       37,500         -         30,000       -          -         -        3.23      96,900
                          20/11/2017   30/06/2020      -             -       18,000        -           -         18,000       -          -         -        3.65      65,700




                                                                                                       69
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                  30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        25. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

                        Fair value of performance rights granted




For personal use only
                        The assessed fair value at grant date is determined using a Monte Carlo option pricing model that takes into
                        account the term of the rights, the impact of dilution, the share price at offer date and expected price
                        volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the
                        right.

                        The model inputs for rights granted in the tables above included:

                                                              20 November        2 December       29 September      20 October
                                                                   2017              2016              2016             2014
                                                               Performance       Performance      Performance      Performance
                                                               Rights Issue      Rights Issue      Rights Issue    Rights Issue
                            Share price at grant date              $4.64             $6.23             $5.62           $5.95
                            Expected volatility*                   45%               45%               45%              45%
                            Expected dividends                    2.13%             7.87%             7.87%            3.31%
                            Risk free interest rate               1.85%             1.58%             1.58%            2.84%
                        * Expected share price volatility was calculated with reference to the annualised standard deviation of daily
                        share price returns on the underlying security over a specified period.

                        Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions
                        Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the period as part of
                        employee benefit expense were as follows:

                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                       3 months to 30 12 months to
                                                                                                      September 2018  30 June 2018
                                                                                                                    $            $
                        Performance rights granted under employee long term incentive plan                     9,326       228,150

                        Share-based payments
                        Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the Select Harvests Limited Long Term
                        Incentive Plan (LTIP).

                        The fair value of performance rights granted under the Select Harvests Limited LTIP is recognised as an
                        employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The fair value is measured at grant date
                        and recognised over the period during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the
                        performance rights. The fair value at grant date is independently determined using a Monte Carlo option
                        pricing model that takes into account the term of the right, the vesting and performance criteria, the impact of
                        dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected
                        dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the right. The fair value of the performance rights
                        granted is adjusted to reflect market vesting conditions, but excludes the impact of any non-market vesting
                        conditions (for example, profitability and sales growth targets). Non market vesting conditions are included in
                        assumptions about the number of rights that are expected to vest. At each balance sheet date, the entity
                        revises its estimate of the number of rights that are expected to vest. The employee benefit expense
                        recognised each period takes into account the most recent estimate. The impact of the revision to original
                        estimates, if any, is recognised in the income statement with a corresponding adjustment to equity.




                                                                                70
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period             30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        26. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
                        (i) Guarantees
                        Cross guarantees are given by the entities comprising the Group. Group entities are set out in Note 24(b).




For personal use only
                        27. PARENT ENTITY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                        (a) Summary financial information
                        The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

                                                                                           30 September 2018              30 June 2018
                          Balance Sheet                                                                $’000                     $’000
                          Current Assets                                                                14,483                   2,062
                          Total Assets                                                                 553,395                 572,414

                          Current Liabilities                                                            9,322                   7,259
                          Total Liabilities                                                            281,300                 292,683

                          Shareholders’ Equity
                          Issued capital                                                               268,567                 268,567
                          Reserves
                              Cash flow hedge reserve                                                     (927)                 (1,119)
                              Options reserve                                                             3,087                   3,078
                          Retained profits                                                                1,368                   9,205
                          Total Shareholders’ Equity                                                   272,095                 279,731
                          (Loss)/ Profit for the period/ year                                           (1,171)                 13,564

                          Total comprehensive (expense)/ income                                         (1,363)                 15,793


                        (b) Tax consolidation legislation
                        Select Harvests Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax
                        consolidation legislation as of 1 July 2003. The head entity, Select Harvests Limited, and the controlled
                        entities in the tax consolidated group account for their own current and deferred tax amounts. These tax
                        amounts are measured as if each entity in the tax consolidated group continues to be a standalone taxpayer
                        in its own right. In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, Select Harvests Limited also
                        recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets) and the deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses
                        and unused tax credits assumed from controlled entities in the tax consolidated group.

                        The entities have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the wholly-owned entities fully
                        compensate Select Harvests Limited for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by Select
                        Harvests Limited for any current tax receivable and deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses or
                        unused tax credits that are transferred to Select Harvests Limited under the tax consolidation legislation.
                        The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts recognised in the wholly-owned entities'
                        financial statements.




                                                                             71
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period               30 September 2018



                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                        27. PARENT ENTITY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)
                        The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement is due upon receipt of the funding advice
                        from the head entity, which is issued as soon as practicable after the end of each financial year.




For personal use only
                        The head entity may also require payment of interim funding amounts to assist with its obligations to pay tax
                        instalments. The funding amounts are recognised as current intercompany receivables or payables.

                        Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the tax consolidated entities are recognised as
                        current amounts receivable from or payable to other entities in the group.

                        Any difference between the amounts assumed and amounts receivable or payable under the tax funding
                        agreement are recognised as a contribution to (or distribution from) wholly-owned tax consolidated entities.

                        (c) Guarantees entered into by parent entity
                        Each entity within the consolidated group has entered into a cross deed of financial guarantee in respect of
                        bank overdrafts and loans of the group.

                        Loans are made by Select Harvests Limited to controlled entities under normal terms and conditions.




                                                                              72
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                       30 June 2018



                        Directors’ Declaration
                        In the directors’ opinion:

                            (a) the financial statements and Notes set out on pages 27 to 72 are in accordance with the
                                Corporations Act 2001, including:




For personal use only
                                   (i) complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other
                                       mandatory professional reporting requirements; and
                                  (ii) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 September
                                       2018 and of its performance for the period ended on that date; and
                            (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when
                                they become due and payable; and
                            (c) at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the
                                extended closed group identified in Note 24 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which
                                they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee described in Note 27.

                        Note 1(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting
                        Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                        The directors have been given the declarations by the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer
                        required under section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                        M Iwaniw
                        Chairman

                        Melbourne, 29 November 2018




                                                                              73
For personal use only
                        Independent auditor’s report
                        To the members of Select Harvests Limited

                        Report on the audit of the financial report
                        Our opinion
                        In our opinion:
                        The accompanying financial report of Select Harvests Limited (the Company) and its controlled
                        entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                        (a)     giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 September 2018 and of its
                                financial performance for the period 1 July 2018 to 30 September 2018
                        (b)     complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        What we have audited
                        The Group financial report comprises:
                        x       the balance sheet as at 30 September 2018
                        x       the statement of comprehensive income for the period 1 July 2018 to 30 September 2018
                        x       the statement of changes in equity for the period 1 July 2018 to 30 September 2018
                        x       the statement of cash flows for the period 1 July 2018 to 30 September 2018
                        x       the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant
                                accounting policies
                        x       the directors’ declaration.

                        Basis for opinion
                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                        those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                        report section of our report.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                        our opinion.

                        Independence
                        We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                        Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant
                        to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
                        in accordance with the Code.




                        PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                        2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GPO Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                        T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au

                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
For personal use only
                        Our audit approach
                        An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
                        material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                        individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                        users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                        We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
                        opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                        structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




                                  Materiality                           Audit scope                         Key audit matters

                        x   For the purpose of our audit      x   As part of designing our audit,   x   Amongst other relevant topics,
                            we used overall Group                 we determined materiality and         we communicated the following
                            materiality of $0.67 million,         assessed the risks of material        key audit matters to the Audit
                            which represents                      misstatement in the Group             and Risk Committee:
                            approximately 1% of the               financial report.
                            Group’s revenue for the period                                                 Inventory valuation –
                            ended 30 September 2018.          x   Our audit focused on where                almond crop
                                                                  the Group made subjective              Accounting for bearer plants
                        x   We applied this threshold,            judgements; for example,
                                                                                                         Carrying value of intangible
                            together with qualitative             significant accounting
                                                                                                            assets
                            considerations, to determine          estimates involving
                                                                  assumptions and inherently             Borrowings
                            the scope of our audit and the
                            nature, timing and extent of          uncertain future events.               Capital projects
                            our audit procedures and to       x   Our audit mainly consisted of     x    These are further described in
                            evaluate the effect of                procedures performed by the            the Key audit matters section of
                            misstatements on the financial        audit engagement team at the           our report.
                            report as a whole.                    Thomastown head office in
                        x   We chose Group revenue                Melbourne, with site visits to
                            because, in our view, it is the       the Carina West processing
                            benchmark against which the           facility and surrounding
                            performance of the Group can          orchards.
                            be measured during the
                            current reporting period. This
                            benchmark differs to profit
                            before tax (PBT) which was
                            used in the preceding financial
                            year as there was no fair value




                                                                              75
For personal use only
                            uplift recognised for the 2019
                            crop in the statement of
                            comprehensive income during
                            the current reporting period,
                            therefore, PBT is not the
                            relevant benchmark for
                            determining materiality.
                        x   We selected a 1% threshold
                            based on our professional
                            judgement, noting it is within
                            the range of commonly
                            acceptable thresholds.


                        Key audit matters
                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                        our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the
                        context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
                        not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
                        particular audit procedure is made in that context.

                        Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                        Inventory valuation – almond crop                                 We performed a number of audit procedures in relation
                        Refer to Critical accounting estimates and judgements             to the Group’s valuation of the almond crop, including
                        in note 2 to the financial report                                 the following:

                        The current period almond crop is classified by the                   x   Evaluated the Group’s conclusion not to
                        Group as a biological asset. Australian Accounting                        recognise the fair value of its 2019 crop
                        Standards require agriculture produce (such as                            against the applicable accounting framework.
                        almonds) from an entity’s biological assets to be
                        measured at fair value less costs to sell, at the point of            x   Tested the costs capitalised into the almond
                        harvest.                                                                  crop during the period 1 July 2018 to 30
                                                                                                  September 2018.
                        As outlined in Note 2 – Critical Accounting Estimates
                        and Judgements, due to the early stage of the 2019 crop           We also evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures made
                        growing cycle, management does not have the                       in note 2 and 10.
                        information available to reliably estimate its fair value
                        at 30 September 2018. AASB 141 Agriculture allows the
                        use of cost as an approximation of fair value when little
                        biological transformation has taken place since initial
                        cost incurrence.

                        We believe this was a key audit matter because of the
                        significance of this judgement upon the Group’s assets,
                        liabilities and net profit.




                                                                                     76
For personal use only
                        Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                        Accounting for bearer plants                                      We performed a number of audit procedures in relation
                        Refer to note 12 to the financial report                          to the Group’s accounting for bearer plants, including
                                                                                          the following:
                        The Group accounts for its Almond trees as Property,
                        Plant and Equipment, to be recorded at cost less                      x   Tested the amount and nature of a sample of
                        accumulated depreciation.                                                 growing costs capitalised during the period to
                                                                                                  supporting purchase documentation for trees
                        Under applicable accounting standards, the Group                          with a maturity of up to 7 years old.
                        capitalises growing and leasing costs proportionate to
                        maturity up to 7 years, when trees are deemed to reach                x   Evaluated the Group’s useful life assessment,
                        a mature commercial state. It is from this point that                     maturity of trees and yield profile
                        depreciation would commence on a ‘units of                                assumptions applied in the units of
                        production’ method, reflecting the commencement of                        production method for depreciation against
                        the revenue stream from the trees. Depreciation is                        historical experience.
                        charged over 10 to 30 years depending on the maturity
                        of the bearer plant.                                              We also evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures made
                                                                                          in note 12.
                        At 30 September 2018, a carrying value of $117.7m of
                        Property Plant and Equipment related to trees against
                        which depreciation of $1.5m was charged during the
                        period.

                        This was a key audit matter due to the significance of
                        the net book value to the Group’s balance sheet,
                        estimates and judgements regarding capitalisation and
                        depreciation, and complexities in accounting for
                        leasing arrangements.

                        Carrying value of intangible assets                               We performed a number of audit procedures in relation
                        Refer to Critical accounting estimates and judgements             to the Group’s assessment of the carrying value of
                        in note 2 and note 13 to the financial report                     intangible assets, including the following:

                        As required by Australian Accounting Standards, the                   x   Evaluated the Group’s assessment of whether
                        Group tests annually whether goodwill and other                           indicators of impairment exist with reference
                        intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life have                to current period results, external industry
                        suffered any impairment. Impairment is recognised                         information and market data. This included a
                        where the estimated recoverable amount for each                           comparison of the actual results for the period
                        division is less than the carrying amount of the                          ended 30 September 2018 with the budget.
                        division’s intangible assets.
                                                                                              x   Compared the carrying amount of the
                        The Food Division has goodwill and brand names of                         permanent water rights to the tradeable
                        $29m. The recoverable amount of the Food Division is                      market value.
                        estimated by the Group using a value-in-use discounted
                        cash flow model (the model). In accordance with AASB              We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures made in
                        136 Impairment of Assets goodwill and intangible                  note 2 and 13.




                                                                                     77
For personal use only
                        Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                        assets with an indefinite useful life are tested for
                        impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if
                        events or changes in circumstances indicate that
                        impairment might be probable. The latest test was
                        performed at 30 June 2018. The Group concluded that
                        no indicators of impairment existed as at 30 September
                        2018.

                        The Almond Division has permanent water rights
                        assets held at cost of $35.8m. The recoverable amount
                        of permanent water rights related to the Almond
                        Division is based on the current tradable market value
                        of the rights.

                        This was a key audit matter due to the significant
                        carrying value of the Group’s intangible non-current
                        assets which are subject to the significant judgements
                        and assumptions outlined above in determining
                        whether any impairment of value has occurred.

                        Borrowings                                                      We obtained confirmations directly from the Group’s
                        Refer to note 15 in the financial report                        banks to confirm the borrowings’ balance, tenure and
                                                                                        conditions.
                        There are external borrowings on the balance sheet at
                        30 September 2018 of $30.4m.                                    We read the most up-to-date agreements between the
                                                                                        Group and its lenders to develop an understanding of
                        Given the financial significance of the borrowings              the terms associated with the facilities and the amount
                        balance, requirements to operate within specified               of facility available for drawdown.
                        covenants, the cyclical and somewhat unpredictable
                        financing demands of the business and the importance            We evaluated whether the debt was classified in
                        of capital for continued growth in support of the               accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and
                        Group’s strategy, the accounting for the Group’s                we also evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures made
                        borrowings was considered a key audit matter.                   in note 1(a) and note 15.

                        Capital projects                                                We performed a number of audit procedures in relation
                        Refer to Critical accounting estimates and judgements           to the Group’s capital projects, including the following:
                        in note 2 and reconciliation of the carrying amounts of
                        property, plant and equipment in note 12 to the                     x    Compared, on a sample basis, costs incurred
                        financial report                                                         to supporting documentation and checked
                                                                                                 amounts were appropriately capitalised.
                        The Group has a capital works in progress balance of
                        $40.3m as at 30 September 2018. The most significant                x    In respect of Project H2E, we considered
                        capital project within this balance is Project H2E (Hull                 changes in key assumptions such as electricity,
                        to Energy) of $21.8m – this is a Biomass Cogeneration                    potash and hull price assumptions, and agreed
                        Power Plant Project that will use almond hull and shell                  these assumptions to external market




                                                                                   78
For personal use only
                        Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                        as a fuel source for generating electricity and steam                   information, where available.
                        directly to the Group’s Carina West manufacturing site.
                                                                                            x   Considered the impact of additional costs for
                        In accordance with the Group’s accounting policies, the                 Project H2E, future and already capitalised,
                        Group capitalises costs up to the commissioning date of                 and confirmed that they do not result in an
                        each project and then the costs will be depreciated over                impairment as at 30 September 2018 based on
                        the useful life of the asset.                                           management’s discounted cash flow model.

                        The Group analysed additional capital costs and                 We also evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures made
                        changes in key assumptions compared to FY2018 and               in note 2 and 12.
                        concluded that there was no impairment of the projects
                        included in the capital work in progress balance.

                        This was a key audit matter due to the financial
                        significance of capital expenditure made by the Group,
                        the number of judgements and assumptions required in
                        determining the related cash flows of each project,
                        delays in the completion of Project H2E from initial
                        estimates and forecast expenditure for Project H2E that
                        have exceeded initial estimates.




                        Other information
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                        information included in the annual report for the period 1 July 2018 to 30 September 2018, but does
                        not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor's
                        report, the other information we obtained included the Director’s Report and ASX Additional
                        Information. We expect the remaining other information to be made available to us after the date of
                        this auditor's report.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
                        express an opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                        report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
                        this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
                        are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                   79
For personal use only
                        When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material
                        misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our
                        professional judgement to determine the appropriate action to take.

                        Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
                        true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
                        and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
                        financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to
                        fraud or error.

                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                        going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                        operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                        from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                        includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                        audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                        if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the
                        Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                        http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our
                        auditor's report.

                        Report on the remuneration report
                        Our opinion on the remuneration report
                        We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 15 to 24 of the directors’ report for the
                        period 1 July 2018 to 30 September 2018.

                        In our opinion, the remuneration report of Select Harvests Limited for the period 1 July 2018 to 30
                        September 2018 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




                                                                             80
For personal use only
                        Responsibilities
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                        remuneration report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility
                        is to express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                        Australian Auditing Standards.




                        PricewaterhouseCoopers




                        Andrew Cronin                                                                           Melbourne
                        Partner                                                                          29 November 2018




                                                                        81
                        Select Harvests Limited           Annual Report 2018 Transition Period           30 September 2018

                        ASX additional information

                        Additional information required by the Australian Stock Exchange Limited and not shown elsewhere in this
                        report is as follows.

                        (a) Distribution of equity securities




For personal use only
                        The following information is current as at 31 October 2018.
                        The number of shareholders, by size of holding, in each class of share is:

                         NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES                                        NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
                         1 to 1,000                                                                         5,207
                         1,001 to 5,000                                                                     4,793
                         5,001 to 10,000                                                                    1,163
                         10,001 to 100,000                                                                    711
                         100,001 and over                                                                      37

                        The number of shareholders holding less than a marketable parcel of shares is:
                         NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES                                     NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
                         13,444                                                                           498

                        (b) Twenty largest shareholders
                        The following information is current as at 31 October 2018.
                        The names of the twenty largest registered holders of quoted shares are:

                                                                                                     NUMBER OF    PERCENTAGE
                                                                                                      SHARES       OF SHARES

                          1    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                             20,649,249       21.63%
                          2    J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA LIMITED                                  9,974,335       10.45%
                          3    CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                          9,641,990       10.10%
                          4    NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                              3,824,238        4.01%
                          5    UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                   2,985,580        3.13%
                          6    INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <A/M Unit A/C>                             2,538,558        2.66%
                          7    BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                           647,182        0.68%
                          8    SMARTEQUITY EIS PTY LTD                                                  630,819        0.66%
                          9    MIRRABOOKA INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                           550,000        0.58%
                          10   INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <ANTHONY SUPERFUND A/C>                      444,047        0.47%
                          11   INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <ELAINE SUPERFUND A/C>                       444,047        0.47%
                          12   INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <FAMILY SUPERFUND A/C>                       444,047        0.47%
                          13   INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <RITA SUPERFUND A/C>                         444,047        0.47%
                               BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP
                          14   A/C>                                                                     443,118        0.46%
                          15   UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                     432,752        0.45%
                          16   MR JOHN PATERSON                                                         322,073        0.34%
                          17   MS LIAN HUA KOH                                                          305,000        0.32%
                          18   BRAZIL FARMING PTY LTD                                                   300,000        0.31%
                          19   REZANN PTY LTD <RIPKA FAMILY A/C>                                        293,000        0.31%
                          20   BOND STREET CUSTODIANS LIMITED <SHBC1 - V13134 A/C>                      227,010        0.24%
                               Total securities of Top 20 holdings                                   55,541,092       58.18%
                               Remaining holders balance                                             39,929,068       41.82%
                               Total                                                                 95,470,160         100%




                                                                             82
                        Select Harvests Limited            Annual Report 2018 Transition Period                30 September 2018

                        ASX additional information
                        (c) Substantial shareholders
                        The substantial shareholders as disclosed by notices received by the Company as at 31 October 2018 are:

                                                                                                                NUMBER OF SHARES




For personal use only
                            Perpetual Limited                                                                      6,868,690
                            FMR LLC                                                                                6,275,452
                            Thorney Investment Group                                                               5,630,000
                            Dimensional Fund Advisors LP                                                           4,802,975

                        (d) Voting rights
                        All ordinary shares (whether fully paid or not) carry one vote per share without restriction.

                        The Company is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. The home exchange is Melbourne.




                                                                               83
For personal use only
                        NOTES
For personal use only
                        NOTES
                                     For personal use only


               ANNUAL REPORT
2018 TRANSITION PERIOD
   1 JULY 2018 - 30 SEPTEMBER 2018
For personal use only


                                       ANNUAL REPORT
                        2018 TRANSITION PERIOD
                           1 JULY 2018 - 30 SEPTEMBER 2018
