Building a
Smokeless World
Preliminary Results 2025

Tadeu Marroco – Chief Executive | Javed Iqbal – Interim Chief Financial Officer
Important Information
The information contained in this presentation in relation to British American Tobacco p.l.c. (“BAT”) and its subsidiaries has been prepared solely for use at this presentation. The presentation is not directed to, or intended for
distribution to or use by, any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any
registration or licensing within such jurisdiction.
References in this presentation to ‘British American Tobacco’, ‘BAT’, ‘Group’, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ when denoting opinion refer to British American Tobacco p.l.c. and when denoting business activity refer to British American Tobacco
Group operating companies, collectively or individually as the case may be. When denoting business activity these collective expressions are used for ease of reference only and do not imply any other relationship between British
American Tobacco p.l.c. and its subsidiaries. The companies in which British American Tobacco p.l.c. directly and indirectly has an interest are separate and distinct legal entities.
The information contained in this presentation does not purport to be comprehensive and third-party data has not been independently verified. Certain industry and market data contained in this presentation has come from third
party sources. Third party publications, studies and surveys generally state that the data contained therein have been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that there is no guarantee of accuracy or completeness of
such data.
References in this document to information on websites, including the web address of BAT, have been included as inactive textual references only. These websites and the information contained therein or connected thereto are
not intended to be incorporated into or to form part of this presentation.
Forward-looking Statements
This presentation does not constitute an invitation to underwrite, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire or dispose of any BAT shares or other securities. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements, including
“forward-looking” statements made within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as "believe,"
"anticipate," "could," "may," "would," "should," "intend," "plan," "potential," "predict," "will," "expect," "estimate," "project," "positioned," "strategy," "outlook," "target" and similar expressions. These include statements regarding our
intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, amongst other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the economic and business circumstances occurring from time
to time in the countries and markets in which the British American Tobacco Group (the “Group”) operates.
All such forward-looking statements involve estimates and assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. It is believed that the expectations reflected in this presentation are reasonable, but they may be
affected by a wide range of variables that could cause actual results and performance to differ materially from those currently anticipated.
In particular, among other statements: (i) certain statements in Tadeu Marroco's sections (slides 4-6, 21-22, 24, 25, 28, 30, 32-37 and 42); and (ii) certain statements in Javed Iqbal’s section (slides 12, 14, 16-17 and 19-20).
Among the key factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements are uncertainties related to the following: the impact of increased competition from illicit trade and
illegal products; changes or differences in domestic or international economic or political conditions; the impact of adverse domestic or international legislation and regulation of tobacco, New Categories and other regulation; the
impact of supply chain disruptions; adverse litigation and external investigations and dispute outcomes and the effect of such outcomes on the Group’s financial condition; the impact of significant increases or structural changes
in tobacco, nicotine and New Categories related taxes; the inability to develop, commercialise and deliver the Group’s New Categories strategy; adverse decisions by domestic or international regulatory bodies, including disputed
taxes, interest and penalties; the impact of serious injury, illness or death in the workplace and those who work with the business; the ability to maintain credit ratings and to fund the business under the current capital structure;
translational and transactional foreign exchange rate exposure; direct and indirect adverse impacts associated with climate change (both physical and transition); the ability to deliver a viable circular business model in response to
global demand, combined with increasing regulatory, stakeholder and consumer pressure; and the Group’s ability to defend against Cyber & Digital actions that result in loss of confidentiality, availability or integrity of systems and
data.
Past performance is no guide to future performance and persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available at the date of
preparation of this presentation and BAT undertakes no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
The 2024 Annual Report and current reports on Form 6-K, which may include other factors, are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). A review of the reasons why actual results and developments may
differ materially from the expectations disclosed or implied within forward-looking statements can be found by referring to the information contained under the headings “Cautionary statement”, "Group Principal Risks" and "Group
Risk Factors" in the 2024 Annual Report and Accounts and Form 20-F of BAT, which may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website, http://www.sec.gov and the British American Tobacco website, www.bat.com. The Company
will file its Annual Report on Form 20-F with the SEC on 13 February 2026.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2 2
Important Information
Additional Information
All financial statements and financial information provided by or with respect to the U.S. or Reynolds American Inc. (“Reynolds”) are initially prepared on the basis of U.S. GAAP and constitute the primary financial statements or
financial records of the U.S. business/Reynolds. This financial information is then converted to International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB for the purpose of consolidation within the results of the BAT Group. To
the extent any such financial information provided in this presentation relates to the U.S. or Reynolds it is provided as an explanation of, or supplement to, Reynolds’ primary U.S. GAAP based financial statements and information.
Products sold in the U.S., including Vuse, Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, are subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency clearance.
No Profit or Earnings Per Share Forecasts
No statement in this presentation is intended to be a profit forecast and no statement in this presentation should be interpreted to mean that earnings per share of BAT for the current or future financial years would necessarily
match or exceed the historical published earnings per share of BAT.
Audience
The material in this presentation is provided for the purpose of giving information about BAT and its subsidiaries to investors only and is not intended for general consumers. BAT, its directors, officers, employees, agents or advisers
do not accept or assume responsibility to any other person to whom this material is shown or into whose hands it may come and any such responsibility or liability is expressly disclaimed. The material in this presentation is not
provided for product advertising, promotional or marketing purposes. This material does not constitute and should not be construed as constituting an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any of our products. Our products
are sold only in compliance with the laws of the particular jurisdictions in which they are sold.
Presentation of Financial Information

To supplement the presentation of the Group’s results of operations and financial condition in accordance with IFRS, the Group also presents several non-GAAP measures used by management to monitor the Group’s performance:
New Category contribution, New Category contribution margin, the ratio of adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, adjusted profit from operations, New Category revenue, smokeless revenue as a proportion of total
revenue, adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS), New Category return on investment (ROI), operating cash conversion and return on capital employed. The
Group’s management regularly reviews the measures used to assess and present the financial performance of the Group and, as relevant, its geographic segments. Although the Group does not believe that these measures are a
substitute for IFRS measures, the Group does believe such results excluding the impact of adjusting items, currency fluctuations and the performance of businesses sold or acquired that may significantly affect the user’s
understanding of the Group's performance when compared across period, as applicable, provide additional useful information to investors regarding the underlying performance of the business on a comparable basis.
Certain of these non-GAAP measures are presented on an “adjusted” basis, i.e., before the impact of adjusting items. Adjusting items are identified in accordance with the Group’s accounting policies. They represent certain items of
income and expense which the Group considers distinctive based on their size, nature or incidence and which individually or, if of a similar type, in aggregate, are relevant to an understanding of the Group’s underlying financial
performance.
Certain of these measures are also presented on an “adjusted for Canada” basis, reflecting the removal of 100% of adjusted profit from operations of our Canadian business, excluding New Categories from both 2024 and 2025 results,
to remove the distorting effect of the Canadian results as from the date all of the Group’s outstanding tobacco litigation in Canada is settled, annual payments based on a percentage (initially 85%, reducing over time) of the Group’s
net income after taxes, based on amounts generated in Canada from all sources, excluding New Categories, will be paid out by the Group until the aggregate settlement amount is paid. Due to the initial uncertain nature of the
timing of the implementation of the settlement on the Group’s 2025 results, for the purposes of 2025 versus 2024 this charge is 100% of the profit after interest and tax from all sources in Canada, excluding New Categories. From
2026, this charge will be 85% of the profit after interest and tax from all sources in Canada, excluding New Categories, reducing over time.
In addition, certain of these measures are presented on an “organic” basis, i.e., excluding businesses sold or acquired that may significantly affect the user’s understanding of the Group's performance when compared across periods.
Organic measures exclude the performance of such businesses in the current and comparator periods to ensure like-for-like assessment across all periods. In 2023 and 2024, organic measures exclude the performance of Russia and
Belarus as those businesses (in aggregate) were deemed to be significant to the user’s understanding of the financial performance. The exits in respect of other markets, including in Africa, are not deemed significant for the user’s
understanding.

This presentation also presents results on a “constant currency” basis, i.e., in the prior year’s exchange rate, removing the potentially distorting effect of translational foreign exchange on the Group’s results. The Group does not adjust
for normal transactional gains or losses in profit from operations which are generated by exchange rate movements.

Unless otherwise stated, absolute financials are presented at constant rates of exchange, growth in financial metrics is presented at constant rates of exchange and share data is presented versus full prior year.

.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              3 3
Momentum drives further
confidence in 2026 delivery
Preliminary Results 2025

Tadeu Marroco – Chief Executive
             Driving a sustainable transformation in 2025
                                                                                                               •     Progress towards a Smokeless World
                                                                                                                      • Consumers of Smokeless* products +4.7m to 34.1m
                                                                                                                      • Smokeless represents 18.2% of Group revenue, +70bps**
                                                                                                               •     FY25 results at top end of guidance
                                          A Better
                                                                                                                      • Return to U.S. growth and robust AME delivery
                                        Tomorrow                                                                      • Excellent Velo performance in all three regions
                                                                                                                      • Resilient combustibles performance
                                 Building a
                                                        Switch
                                                                                                               •     Driving increased returns on more targeted investment
                                 Smokeless
                                   World
                                                       to Better                                                      • New Category contribution up 77% to £442m***
                                                                                                                      • Combustibles delivery supported by cost saving initiatives
                                                                                                               •     Investing to deliver long-term value creation
                    Quality             Sustainable                Dynamic                                             • Premium innovation launches in all three New Categories
                    Growth                Future                   Business
                                                                                                                       • Accelerating H2 momentum reinforces 2026 confidence
                                                                                                               •     Committed to generating strong cash returns
                                                                                                                      • Continued progress on de-leverage to 2.55x^
                                                                                                                      • Progressive dividend; SBB^^ increased to £1.3bn for FY26



                                                    Confident in delivering mid-term algorithm in 2026
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. See Appendix A1. * See Appendices A4 & A5. ** At current rates. *** At constant rates. ^ On an adjusted for Canada basis. ^^ Share buy-back.   5 5
             Delivering on key 2025 deployment year priorities

                                      What we said                                                                                                                         What we delivered


 Continue to build track record of delivery                                                                                            FY results at top end of guidance

 Delivering Quality Growth in New Categories                                                                                           Return to double-digit NC revenue growth in H2*
    Increasing NC returns                                                                                                                 NC contribution +£193m/+77%**
    Targeted roll-out of NC innovations                                                                                                   Premium innovations in all 3 categories

 Drive value from combustibles                                                                                                         Combustibles revenue and contribution growth***

 Further improvement in our U.S. delivery                                                                                              U.S. back to revenue and profit growth**

 Amplify proactive regulatory affairs approach                                                                                         Leveraging OmniTM, front-footed engagement

 Focus on enhanced cash flow generation                                                                                                Further deleveraging; £1.3bn SBB for FY26



                                               Building momentum towards our mid-term algorithm
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. See Appendix A1. NC: New Categories. * Growth vs. 2H24 at constant rates. ** At constant rates. *** Category contribution on an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.   6 6
FY25 results at top end of
guidance
Preliminary Results 2025

Javed Iqbal – Interim Chief Financial Officer
             FY25 performance at top end of guidance

                                                                                                                                       Adjusted for         Adjusted for
                                                                                                                    Reported
                                                                                                                                         Canada               Canada
                                                                                                                    current currency    current currency   constant currency growth



                                         New Category Revenue                                                        £   3,621m         £   3,621m               +7.0%

                                         Total Revenue                                                              £ 25,610m           £25,610m                  +2.1%

                                         Profit from Operations                                                      £  9,997m          £   11,279m*             +2.3%*

                                         Operating Margin                                                                39.0%              44.0%*                Flat*

                                         Diluted Earnings per Share                                                      349.1p             340.5p*              +3.4%*




Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.                                                          8 8
             FY25 performance at top end of guidance

                                Revenue                                       Adjusted gross profit*                           Adjusted profit from            Adjusted diluted
                                    (£bn)                                                    (£bn)                              operations* (APFO)         earnings per Share* (EPS)
                                                                                                                                        (£bn)                         (pence)



                                          +2.1%                                                   +3.4%                                     +2.3%                         +3.4%
                                              vs. FY24                                                 vs. FY24                                 vs. FY24                        vs. FY24




                                              26.4                                                      17.5                                    11.6          341.1             352.8
                       25.9                                                     17.0                                             11.4




                       FY24                   FY25                              FY24                    FY25                    FY24            FY25          FY24              FY25




                                          Driven by return to U.S. growth and Modern Oral globally
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.                                                               9
             Delivering Quality Growth in New Categories

                                         Revenue                                                    Adjusted gross profit/margin     Category contribution/margin
                                              (£m)                                                                 (£m)                          (£m)




                                                    +7.0%                                                             +11.0%                        +77.1%
                                                         vs. FY24                                                         vs. FY24                      vs. FY24




                                                                                                                          58.4%                         12.0%



                                                                                                                                          7.3%
                                                        3,673                                              56.3%
                                                                                                                          2,145                          442
                              3,432
                                                                                                           1,932                          249


                               FY24                       FY25                                             FY24           FY25            FY24          FY25




                                            Accelerating to low double-digit revenue growth in H2*
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. See Appendix A1. * Growth vs. 2H24.                                                        10
             Continuing to drive value from combustibles

                                         Revenue                                                   Adjusted gross profit*/margin*            Category contribution*/margin*
                                              (£m)                                                                        (£m)                              (£m)




                                                     +1.0%                                                                       +2.5%                             +2.5%
                                                         vs. FY24                                                                 vs. FY24                          vs. FY24




                                                                                                                                  68.1%
                                                                                                          67.1%                                                     58.6%
                                                                                                                                                   57.7%


                            20,685                     20,887
                                                                                                                                 14,227                             12,235
                                                                                                          13,878                                   11,931



                               FY24                       FY25                                             FY24                   FY25             FY24             FY25




                Growth in U.S. and AME more than offset Bangladesh/Australia headwinds
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.                                                   11
             U.S. back to revenue and profit growth

                                                                                                                                     Combustibles
                                                                                                                                 •    Strong price/mix (including excise duty drawback) offset volume decline of 7.7%
                      Combustibles                                                                                               •    Strengthened combustibles and enhanced commercial execution underpin delivery
                        Revenue                 4.6%                                                                                       •   Value share +30bps, volume share -10bps (excl. deep discount +70bps)

                                                                                                                                    New Categories
                     New Category                                                                                               •     Excellent Velo performance, MO revenue +310%; +11.6pp volume share, +9.1pp value share
                       Revenue                                                                      19.8%                       •     Vuse revenue -3.4%, recovering to +5.6% in H2*; value share +200bps in tracked channels
                                                                                                                                          •    Supported by increased enforcement actions against U.S. illicit Vapour
                                                                                                                                •     International Trade Commission’s confirmation on final determination expected in Q1

                     Total Revenue                  5.5%                                                                             Adjusted Profit from Operations
                                                                                                                                •     Strong combustibles delivery
                                                                                                                                •     Increased investment supporting Velo Plus roll-out

                    Adj. Profit from                                                                                            •     Velo Plus delivered positive contribution within 1 year of launch
                     Operations                      5.9%

                                                          Growth vs. FY24




                            Strong combustibles recovery and excellent Velo Plus momentum
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. See Appendix A1. See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources. * Growth vs. 2H24.                                                                 12 12
             Robust AME performance

                                                                                                                                 Combustibles
                                                                                                                                 •   Strong price/mix offset volume decline of 4.9%
                     Combustibles                                                                                                          •   Growth in Brazil, Türkiye and Mexico, partly offset by Germany and Canada
                       Revenue                  2.3%                                                                                       •   Volume share +10bps driven by Brazil and Mexico; value share -70bps

                                                                                                                                 New Categories
                     New Category                                                                                                •   Clear Velo leadership (c.6x larger than #2 competitor**), revenue +17.3%
                       Revenue                               4.3%                                                                          •   Continued broad based growth across Europe
                                                                                                                                 •   Vuse revenue -11.4%; value share -60bps:
                                                                                                                                           •   Impacted by illicit in Canada; regulatory/excise changes in Europe
                                                                                                                                           •   Encouraging early Vuse Ultra momentum in premium
                     Total Revenue                     3.3%                                                                      •   glo revenue +6.2%, accelerating in H2
                                                                                                                                           •   Volume share -80bps: impacted by competitive dynamics and resource
                                                                                                                                               reallocation ahead of the launch of glo Hilo

                    Adj. Profit from
                     Operations*                                                                9.6%                             Adjusted Profit from Operations
                                                                                                                                 •   Continued strong combustibles delivery
                                                                                                                                 •   Quality Growth agenda driving cost of sales efficiencies and improving
                                                         Growth vs. FY24                                                             contribution across all three New Categories




                                             A true multi-category region delivering Quality Growth
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. See Appendix A1. See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. ** Based on FY25 volume share in top Modern Oral markets in AME.   13 13
             APMEA impacted by fiscal and regulatory headwinds
             in Bangladesh and Australia
                                                                                                                                 Combustibles
                                                                                                                                    •   Growth in Pakistan, Nigeria and Indonesia offset by Bangladesh and Australia

                      Combustibles                                                                                                             •   Volume and value share both -40bps driven by Japan
                        Revenue                                                           -8.3%
                                                                                                                                 New Categories
                                                                                                                                    •   Velo revenue +44%, led by Global Travel Retail, Pakistan and Japan
                                                                                                                                    •   glo revenue -3.8%, volume share -190bps
                     New Category
                       Revenue                                                              -7.6%                                              •   Impacted by highly competitive market in Japan
                                                                                                                                               •   Encouraged by early glo Hilo performance in premium in Japan
                                                                                                                                    •   Vapour revenue -39% driven by market exits and resource allocation decisions

                     Total Revenue                                                            -7.2%                              Adjusted Profit from Operations
                                                                                                                                    •   Fiscal/regulatory headwinds in Bangladesh and Australia partly offset by strong
                                                                                                                                        financial performances in Pakistan, Nigeria and Indonesia

                    Adj. Profit from
                     Operations                        -17.9%

                                                          Growth vs. FY24




                                                                       Expect FY26 performance to stabilise
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. See Appendix A1. See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources.                                                                              14 14
             Group operating margin* stable at 44%


                                                                                                                      +8bps

                                                                                                  +6bps




                                                                                             0.5%
                                                                           0.8%
                                                                                                                0.5%
                                                                                                                                0.3%
                                                         1.0%                                                                                                             0.0%
                                                                                                                                              0.5%



                                     44.0%                                                                                                                 44.0%                         44.0%



                                        FY24          Traditional      New Category       Transactional     Category Mix       Overheads   Other expense     FY25     Translational FX    FY25
                                                       Category        Contribution            FX                                                          Constant                      Current
                                                     Contribution                                                                                             FX                           FX




                       Performance gains offset inflation, category mix and transactional FX
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.                                                                       15 15
             Increasing agility and productivity savings


                                                                               Further commitment
                                                                                                                  Productivity
                          £1.2bn                                               c.£2.0bn                             savings
                        Delivered 2023-2025                                         2026-2030                     Focused on Cost of Sales




          2023                     2024           2025   2026         2027             2028         2029   2030




                                                                   Fit2Win                                        Operational
                                                                c.£600m                                            savings
                                                                (prev. c.£500m)                                   Predominantly focused on
                                                           Annualised savings by end 2028                                 SG&A*




                Delivering strong cost savings to support investment in our transformation
* Selling, General and Administrative expenses.                                                                                              16 16
Fit2Win: Reinvesting c.£600m annualised savings to
drive sustainable Quality Growth

   Streamlining Organisation           Modernising Route to Market             Greater end-to-end ownership,
                                                                                 visibility and accountability
                                        More sustainable and agile service
 Clearer accountabilities with          model
                                                                               Faster, more agile execution
  differentiated KPIs and incentives
                                        Empowering teams with
                                                                               Higher integration in business
 Reduced layers and increased           technology
                                                                                 planning
  span of control
                                        Factory footprint rationalisation     Superior service for customers
                                                                                 and consumers

                                                                               Increased efficiency and cost
                                                                                 effectiveness
     Optimising Overheads                Simplifying Key Processes             Sharper resource allocation
                                                                               Unlock cash for strategic
  Improved cost-visibility through     Targeted automation                     investment and greater
   enhanced use of technology                                                    financial flexibility
                                        Leveraging strategic partnerships
  Adopting smarter processes and        to drive digitalisation and           A modern, insights-led,
   ways of working                       innovation                              technology-enabled
                                                                                 organisation


                                                                    .
                              One-off associated project costs of c.£600m
                                                                                                                 17 17
             Adjusted diluted EPS* up +3.4%


                                                                                                                         -0.2%


                                                                                                  +3.4%

                                             +2.3%
                                           APFO growth                                                                                                                          -3.7%
                                                                     -1.5                                                                             1.0
                                                                                           -2.0                                        4.2
                                                                                                                 -1.4
                                                11.6                                                                                                                             -12.3
                                                                                                        +1.1% kickers

                                                                                                                                                                 352.8

                         341.1                                                                                                                                                                340.5




                         FY24           Adj. profit from Net finance cost              Associates                 Tax           Share buy-back       Others   FY25 Constant   Translational    FY25
                                          Operations and hybrid impact                                                                                             FX              FX




                       Operating performance, SBB partly offset by NFC**, associates and tax
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1. ** Net Finance Costs.                                                    18
             Strong cash flow generation driving enhanced financial
             flexibility

                                                                                                            Cash generation

                                                                                  Generate >£50bn Free Cash Flow 2024-2030


                                                                                             Deliver business transformation

                                                                              Targeted investment in business transformation


                                                                                                           Optimise portfolio

                                                                        Continuously review our footprint and drive cash flows



                      Progressive Dividend                                Target leverage end of 2026                          Sustainable share buy-back   Assess bolt-on M&A
                                                                                                                                                               opportunities
                  +2.0% payable in 2026                                                   2.0-2.5x*                                £1.3bn for FY26




                                                              Share buy-back increased to £1.3bn in FY26
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.                                                     19   19 19
             Returning to our sustainable financial algorithm

                                              Mid-term algorithm                                                                       2026 delivery at lower end of range
                                                                                                                               •   Sustained U.S. revenue and profit growth
                            Revenue
                             growth                         3-5%                                                               •
                                                                                                                               •
                                                                                                                                   Low double-digit NC revenue growth, led by Velo globally
                                                                                                                                   Targeted investment in priority markets:
                                                                                                                                   •   Roll-out of our premium NC innovations
                                                                                                                                   •   Strengthen glo in value-for-money segment
                         Adjusted profit from
                         operations growth*                                  4-6%                                              •
                                                                                                                                   •   Combustibles portfolio rejuvenation and execution
                                                                                                                                   Continued robust delivery in AME
                                                                                                                               •   Stabilising performance in APMEA through the year
                                                                                                                               •   Further improvement in NC contribution
                               Adjusted diluted
                          earnings per share growth*                                       5-8%                                •   Step up in efficiencies:
                                                                                                                                   •   c.£2bn productivity savings (2026-30)
                                                                                                                                   •   c.£600m annualised Fit2Win benefits (by 2028)



                                                    Investing to deliver sustainable long-term returns                                                                                        20


Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.                                                                  20
Confident in our sustainable
transformation
Preliminary Results 2025

Tadeu Marroco – Chief Executive
Delivering on priorities to drive sustainable
shareholder value




                        A Better
                      Tomorrow                        A predominantly
                 Building a
                                Switch
                                                         Smokeless
                                                      business by 2035
                 Smokeless
                               to Better
                   World




       Quality         Sustainable         Dynamic
       Growth            Future            Business




                                      Building a Smokeless World
                                                                         22
            Good progress across all three strategic pillars



                                                           Quality                                       Sustainable                 Dynamic
                                                           Growth                                          Future                    Business
                                     Successful re-set of                                            Proactive external affairs   Driving efficiencies to support
                                      our U.S. business                                                      approach                     re-investment

                                   Enhanced innovation                                                Forward thinking THR*        Strategic partnerships and
                                       ecosystem                                                         through OmniTM                 digital excellence

                                   Premiumising our NC                                                     Positive NC                 Enhancing financial
                                        portfolio                                                      regulatory progress                 flexibility

                                          Improving NC                                                Continued progress on                  Culture
                                           profitability                                               sustainability targets            transformation




                                                                                  Building a Smokeless World
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * Tobacco Harm Reduction.                                                                  23
            Progress made since 2023 on key priorities



                                                           Quality                                       Sustainable                   Dynamic
                                                           Growth                                          Future                      Business
                                     Successful re-set of                                            Proactive external affairs   Driving efficiencies to support
                           1                                                                                 approach                     re-investment
                                      our U.S. business

                                   Enhanced innovation                                                Forward thinking THR*           Strategic partnerships and
                                       ecosystem                                                         through OmniTM                    digital excellence

                                   Premiumising our NC                                           4         Positive NC                   Enhancing financial
                           2                                                                                                      5
                                        portfolio                                                      regulatory progress                   flexibility

                                          Improving NC                                                Continued progress on                    Culture
                           3
                                           profitability                                               sustainability targets              transformation




                                           Underpins confidence in delivering mid-term algorithm
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * Tobacco Harm Reduction.                                                                  24
1   Successful re-set of our U.S. business



                 U.S. Combustibles return to growth

                                                                                  Strengthened portfolio and sharper execution


                                                                                                                                                     FY25 vs. FY24 (bps)                     Volume Share      Value Share
                        1        Re-addressed price gaps and indexation
                                                                                                                                                Total U.S. combustibles                               -10         +30
                       2         Expanded contract coverage to 88%                                                                              Excl. deep discount                                  +70          +60
                                                                                                                                                Share of AWAP**                                      +20          +50
                        3         Increased salesforce by c.10%

                       4         Enhanced RGM* and digital reach                                                                                           vs. prior year                            H1 ‘25      H2 ‘25

                                                                                                                                                 Combustibles revenue                              +3.8%        +5.3%
                        5        Upgraded customer reward programmes
                                                                                                                                                 Category Contribution^                            +4.8%        +6.0%




                                            Strong momentum reinforces confidence in future delivery
    See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources. * Revenue Growth Management. ** Above weighted average price. ^ Based on internal estimates.                                                                          25
    Ownership and rights to use the brand(s) included may vary by jurisdiction. In certain territories, the brand(s) may be owned, licensed, or otherwise controlled by third parties unaffiliated with BAT.
1   Successful
     Quality re-set of our U.S. business
     Growth


                 Velo is fastest growing brand in fastest growing New
                 Category

                                54.7%                                                                                                            Change since                            Q4’25 insights
                     Comp 1                                                                                                                         launch

                                                                                                                                         45.3%
                                                                                                                                                   -9.5pp
                                                                                                                                                                    86% price index to competitor 1* (+22pp vs. Q1’25)



                     Comp 2
                                25.3%                                                                                                    24.0%     +17.9pp         c.30% MO consumers have tried Velo Plus


                                                                                                                                                   -6.4pp
                             Velo Plus
                                                                                                                                         18.9%
                              launch                                                                                                                               +71% trialist repeat purchase post launch**
                              Nov’24


                      Velo

                              6.1%
                                                                                                                                                                   >20% volume share in 17 states
                              Nov24      Dec24   Jan25   Feb25   Mar25   Apr25   May25   Jun25   Jul25   Aug25   Sep25   Oct25   Nov25   Dec25


                          Velo volume share progression in U.S. Modern Oral




                                                          Achieved #2 volume and value share position in U.S.
    Velo brand volume share of Modern Oral. See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources. * Based on Q4 retail scan data. ** Source: retail scan data in Q4, based on a sample of consumers.                        26
2       Premiumising our NC portfolio



                 Further strengthening our premium portfolio in AME


                      Velo in Europe – Clear leadership at a
                           premium price positioning



                                                63%
                    BAT AME                                                          c.6x
                volume share                                                  larger than #2
                                                                                competitor*                                                                           Distinctive &               Innovative &
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Elevated Taste
                                                                                                                                                                       Premium                    Comfortable
                                                                                                                            Velo Shift                                Can Design                     Pouch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Experience




                                                                       c.60%
                          Share of Modern Oral
                             category growth**                                                                                        Pilot launch in Sep ‘25                             Positive Consumer Perception^^
                                                                                                                                      in key retail and online
                                                                                                                        SWE                                                                     Premium, Innovative

                                                                                                                      1.3% Share of Category                        *** (Dec‘25)



                                                                 68%
                                                                                                                                                                                                Pouch (shape & size)
                         Over-indexed on
                              value share                                                                                                                                                       84% Positive/Neutral Sentiment
                                                                                                                      123%            Price index to Core^




                               Continued leadership supported by consumer-led innovation focus
    See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources. * Based on FY25 volume share in top Modern Oral markets in AME. ** Share of offtake growth in top markets in AME vs. PY. *** Petrol & Convenience Key retail – c.34% of market. ^ Based on recommended   27
    retail prices. ^^ Source: Pulse/Digital Track Dec’25.
2       Premiumising our NC portfolio



                 Premium “Vapour Done Right” is a significant, untapped
                 segment for further value creation

                                                                                             Strengthening premium                                                                     Premium platform driving
                                                                                                brand credentials*                                                                        Vuse performance
                                                                                                      Ultra image attributes higher
                                                                                                      than key competitors                                                DEVICE                                            PODS
                                                                                                                                                                                           c.200%                                        c.125%
                                                                                                            Premium                                                                       avg. price index                              Price index vs
                                                                                                            Modern & Progressive                                                          vs. leading                                   market WAP^
                                                                                                            Innovative                                                                    competitor^
                                                                                                            New / Different




                                                                                                MYVUSETM App usage                                                           Value share gains in priority markets^^
                  With                      TM App                                                                                                                                           (%)

                                                                                                   44%
                                                                                                                      Conversion to Active

                                                                                                                                                                                  3.6                             7.8                              2.3
      Flavour AutoTuneTM                   CloudControlTM
                                                                                                                      App Usage**
      ClearViewTM Display                   Find my Vape

                                                                                                   97%
                                                                                                                                                                        GER                              CAN                              FRA
                                                                                                                      Of App users making use
          Usage Tracker                      Device lock                                                                                                                       Jun ‘25                          Jun ’25                           Sep ‘25
                                                                                                                      of the Usage Tracker***
             Removable and replaceable battery




                                                             Vuse Ultra – our most advanced vape device yet
    See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources. * Source: Ultra NPI Pulse Track (KANTAR) – Canada, Germany, UK, France. ** Total Net New Paired Users / Average Monthly Active Users – Ultra (Dec’25). *** Ultra paired users, who enabled Usage Tracker and   28
    revisited the feature. ^ Based on 2025 recommended retail prices. WAP: Weighted average price. ^^ Consumables value share in rechargeables vapour segment, Dec ’25.
2       Premiumising our NC portfolio



                  glo Hilo: establishing premium positioning in HP


                                                                                 Attracting premium consumers with
                                                                                                                                                                                      Strong start in key markets***
                                                                                          superior imagery*
                                                                                       % from Premium                       Imagery vs. Hyper Pro
                                                                                       combustibles or                                                                                            glo Hilo volume share (%)
                                                                                           other HP                    INNOVATIVE             GREAT TASTE


                                                                                              48%                     +8pp                    +6pp
                                                                                JPN

                                                                                                                       INNOVATIVE               PREMIUM
                                                                                                                                                                                                  JPN
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1.4
                                                                                              80%                     +8pp                    +11pp
                    with

        Fastest ramp-up
                                            app

                                        EasyViewTM Screen
                                                                                POL

                                                                                                                                                                                                  POL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    3.9
                                                                                          Delivering Ecosystem Value
       New Dual-Heating

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1.0
                                          EasySwitch Pen
         technology
          Customised
         heating modes
                                       No cleaning required                                         +150k app downloads                                                                            ITA
                                                                                                       58% CONVERSION TO ACTIVE**
                New TurboStart          technology




                                                                  Encouraging early results in launch markets
    * Source: Poland, Japan – Consumer research 6 weeks post-launch. ** Total Paired Users / Average Monthly Active Users – glo Hilo (Dec’25). *** Source: Weekly consumables volume RA share data. w/c 19th Jan.             29
2       Premiumising our NC portfolio



     Strengthening glo in value-for-money segment


                                                                                         QuickStartTM                Connectivity


                                                                                        Improved hygiene           Replaceable battery

                                                 From Q2‘26                             Longer standard
                                                                                         session length




                                             COMPLEMENTED WITH ENHANCED CONSUMABLES FOR STRONGER SYSTEM UPGRADE



                                       Strengthening high intensity tobacco                                Expanding our HPH leadership* -
                                     for full-flavour smokers and upgrades on                              newer, vibrant and bolder flavours
                                                   authenticity and immediacy

                                                                      Q3‘26     Q4‘25                      Q2‘26



                      Next generation glo Hyper and enhanced consumables rolling out in 2026
    * Herbal Products for Heating.                                                                                                              30
3          Improving NC profitability



                 Driving £1.4bn profitability improvement since 2021

                                                                                                                                      Year-on-year improvement driven by
                             FY21                FY22               FY23               FY24                FY25


                                                                                                                                          1      Scale benefits

                                                                                                            0.4
                                                                                         0.2                                              2 Pricing
                                                                     B/E
                                                 -0.4                                                                                     3       Targeted resource allocation

                              -1.0                                                                                                        4 Market footprint optimisation
                                                                                      +£1.4bn
                                              New Category contribution (£bn)




                                  Quality Growth driving sustainable NC profitability improvement
    Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. See Appendix A1. Historical numbers FY21 and FY22 presented as previously reported. FY23 and FY24 presented on an organic basis.   31 31
4     Positive NC regulatory progress
     Quality
     Growth

                 Recent U.S. Vuse growth supported by enforcement
                 actions

                                     Increased federal and state enforcement…                                                                                       … Supporting Vuse gains*
                                                                                                                                             VUSE Offtake                                                                       Dec’25 vs Jun’25

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  +10.6%
                                                                                                                                             Volume


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  vs. -0.1% Industry


                                                                                                    WI
                                                                                                                               RI
                                                                                               IA                   PA
                                                                                     NE
                                                                  UT          CO
                                                                                                                     VA                      Effective
                                                CA                                                           KY                              Enforcement States
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Effective
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    +21.5%
                                                                                                                    NC                                                                           Enforcement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    vs. 9.7% Industry
                                                                                                AR        TN
                                                                                          OK
                                                                                                     MS
                                                                                                           AL
                                                                                     TX         LA
                                                                                                                  FL
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Competitor
                                                                                                                                             All Other                                               Exit                           +7.0%
                       2        Effective prior to 2024 (c.6%)                                                                               States                                                                                 vs. -2.9% Industry

                                                                                                         From                  To
                       1        Enacted and effective in 2024 (+2%)                                   c.8%                c.48%
                                                                                                         Dec’24              Dec’25

                      +5        Enacted and effective in H1’2025 (+11%)                              Tracked Vapour Industry
                                                                                                            17 states introduced
                                                                                                     directory/enforcement legislation        Q1’24       Q2’24        Q3’24        Q4’24         Q1’25        Q2’25         Q3’25          Q4’25
                     +11        Enacted and effective H2’2025 & beyond (+37%)
                                                                                                     Effective Enforcement Noticed (c.29%)
                       19 states enacted directory/enforcement legislation (c.55%)




              Vuse is well-positioned to further benefit from stronger enforcement over time
    See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources. * Effective Enforcement States include Louisiana, Rhode Island, Utah, North Carolina, Kentucky, Alabama, Texas, Wisconsin, Arkansas, Mississippi (c.29% of Vapour Legal Industry).                32
4     Positive NC regulatory progress
     Quality
     Growth

                 Encouraging incremental enforcement levers

                    FDA/DOJ Joint Task Force Actions Against Illegal Vapour                                          Other Actions

                                                                                                                     International
                                                                                                                     Trade
                                                                                                                     Commission
                                                                                                                     (ITC)


                                                                                                                     Patent
                                                                                                                     Initial ruling/general exclusion order favourable
                                                                                                                     (29 Aug 2025)
                   FDA Empowered to Fund Enforcement
                                                                                                                     Full Commission final determination expected
                   • New law provided additional >$200 million towards enforcement activities                        (Mar 2026)

                   • Expanded FDA authority to destroy counterfeit tobacco products                                  60-day Presidential review
                                                                                                                     (Q2 2026)
                   • Import authority strengthened by adding “tobacco products” to items FDA can refuse at borders
                   • FDA mandated to educate retailers on how to determine which ENDS* products are legal for sale
                   • Semi-annual reports required from FDA to Congress




              Vuse is well-positioned to further benefit from stronger enforcement over time
    * ENDS – Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems.                                                                                                                       33
4    Positive NC regulatory progress
    Growth

           FDA supports THR based on science

                                                    Progress on THR agenda and FDA Regulation
                                Tobacco Harm Reduction                                            PMTAs submitted to strengthen our pipeline
                                “…Nicotine itself does not cause cancer.                          Capitalising on BAT’s leadership (ROW)
                                There is no evidence that it’s carcinogenic…”
                                “…Nicotine pouches are probably the safest
                                way to consume nicotine…”
                                Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
                                Secretary of Health and Human Services



                                FDA Program to Review Nicotine Pouch PMTAs
                                “For adults who smoke and want to switch to a nicotine
                                pouch product, this pilot will potentially result in a wider                                          In Scope of Fast
                                variety of authorized nicotine pouches”.                                                               Track Process

                                “This initiative represents a significant step forward in FDA's         2025                       2026+
                                                                                                  Velo Plus Launch           Pipeline readiness
                                commitment to improving regulatory efficiency while
                                upholding the agency’s rigorous scientific standards for
                                tobacco product review”.
                                FDA Pilot Program announced 18 September 2025




              Modern Oral portfolio expansion to deliver on adult consumer preferences
                                                                                                                                                         34
5      Enhancing financial flexibility
     Quality
     Growth


                 Strong cash flow enhancing financial flexibility and cash
                 returns

                                                                                                     Reducing leverage to within
                               Highly cash generative                                                                                         Increased share buy-backs
                                                                                                      target range* by end FY26




                                       >95%                                                                2.0-2.5x                                                           1.3
                                                                                                                       Target range*                                   1.1
                                        Annual operating
                                         cash conversion                                                                                                0.7
                                                                                                                                               0

                                                                                                                                              FY23      FY24           FY25   FY26


                                 >£50bn
                                                                                                                                                               (£bn)
                                                                                                     2022                              2025

                                          Free cash flow
                                                                                               £43bn                               £35bn
                                                                                                                          Gross Debt
                                                                                                                                                     £1.3bn
                                            2024-2030                                                                                                  Share buy-back
                                                                                                                                                     announced for FY26




                                                                  £34bn returned to shareholders since 2020
    Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.                                                     35 35
          Confident in sustainably delivering our mid-term algorithm


                                                                                                                               1. Growing revenue sustainably
                       Revenue
                        growth                           3-5%                                                                  •
                                                                                                                               •
                                                                                                                                   1-2% combustibles growth
                                                                                                                                   Double-digit New Category growth

                                                                                                                               2. Improving profitability
                                                                                                                               •   Driven by both combustibles and New Categories


                                                                          4-6%
                                                                                                                               •   Targeted investment in premium New Categories Quality Growth
                   Adjusted profit from
                   operations growth*                                                                                          •   Step up in efficiencies:
                                                                                                                                     •   c.£2bn productivity savings (2026-2030)
                                                                                                                                     •   c.£600m annualised Fit2Win benefits (by 2028)

                                                                                                                               3. Delivering strong financial and cash returns
                        Adjusted diluted
                   earnings per share growth*                                            5-8%                                  •
                                                                                                                               •
                                                                                                                                   EPS supported by share buy-back and reduced net finance costs over time
                                                                                                                                   Continued strong cash generation of >£50bn (2024-2030)




                                                    Investing to deliver long-term sustainable returns                                                                                                  36


Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.                                                                            36
             Delivering on priorities to drive sustainable
             shareholder value
                                                                                                           •      FY25 delivery at the top end of guidance

                                                                                                           •      Return to sustainable revenue and profit* growth in the U.S.

                                           A Better                                                        •      Robust AME multi-category performance; expect APMEA
                                         Tomorrow
                                                                                                                  performance to stabilise in 2026

                                  Building a
                                                                                                           •      Velo now global leader in fastest growing New Category**
                                                          Switch
                                  Smokeless
                                                         to Better
                                    World
                                                                                                           •      Premium innovations launched across all 3 New Categories

                                                                                                           •      Increasing New Category profitability***
                     Quality              Sustainable                 Dynamic
                     Growth                 Future                    Business
                                                                                                           •      Positive New Category regulatory progress

                                                                                                           •      Enhanced financial flexibility and increasing cash returns



                                             Confident in sustainably delivering mid-term algorithm
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. See Appendix A1. * Adjusted profit from operations. ** Based on volume share in top markets for Q4 2025. See Appendix A2. *** At category contribution level.   37
Q&A
Preliminary Results 2025

Tadeu Marroco – Chief Executive | Javed Iqbal – Interim Chief Financial Officer


                             Have you downloaded the new BAT Investor Relations App?
                             Available now to download for free to access live share prices, presentations,
                             news, webcasts, create your own watchlist and download content for offline use.
                             https://myirapp.com/bat/
BAT presents at 2026
CAGNY conference
18 February 2026
11am ET / 4pm GMT
Join the live webcast on www.bat.com/CAGNY2026



                    Have you downloaded the new BAT Investor Relations App?
                    Available now to download for free to access live share prices, presentations,
                    news, webcasts, create your own watchlist and download content for offline use.
                    https://myirapp.com/bat/
Appendix
Preliminary Results 2025



                 Have you downloaded the new BAT Investor Relations App?
                 Available now to download for free to access live share prices, presentations,
                 news, webcasts, create your own watchlist and download content for offline use.
                 https://myirapp.com/bat/
Appendix: Our shares in top markets*

          Cigarettes              Volume share of             Vuse      Value share         glo           Volume share         Velo      Volume share        Volume share
                                  of Cigarettes                         of Total Vapour                   of HP                          of Total Oral       of Modern Oral
                                    FY25         Change                   FY25   Change                     FY25    Change                FY25    Change      FY25    Change
                                   volume        FY25 vs.                value   FY25 vs.                  volume   FY25 vs.             volume   FY25 vs.   volume   FY25 vs.
                                    share         FY24                   share    FY24                      share    FY24                 share    FY24       share    FY24
                                                   (pp)                            (pp)                               (pp)                          (pp)                (pp)

          Group                    39.5%           -0.1       Group     38.8%     +0.6      Group          14.9%      -1.5     Group     17.1%     +5.8      33.4%     +7.5

          U.S.                     33.0%           -0.1       U.S.       51.7%    +2.0      Japan          15.9%      -1.9     Sweden    19.1%     +1.9      56.5%     +0.3

          Brazil                   69.8%           +1.2       U.K.       8.7%      flat     Italy           11.6%     -1.1     Norway    27.0%     +1.8      60.3%      -1.2

          Germany                   23.3%          -0.9       Canada     82.7%     -3.2     Poland         33.7%      -1.0     U.S.       11.1%    +7.9      18.0%     +11.6

          Mexico                   38.7%               +1.1   Poland     14.4%     flat     South Korea     7.9%     -2.0      Denmark   89.6%     +3.6      91.2%     +2.8

          Romania                  50.3%           -1.9       Germany    29.3%    +0.7      Romania         14.1%     -2.1     Switz.    76.8%     +2.9      95.1%     -0.3

          Japan                     17.9%          -0.6       France     54.4%     -1.0     Greece         10.7%     -0.8      U.K.      57.5%     +2.5      57.5%     +2.5

          Pakistan                 80.2%           +0.1       Spain      27.3%     -2.1     Czech Rep.     18.6%     +0.3      Poland    80.5%     -11.8     80.5%     -11.8

                                                                                            Germany         7.5%      -1.6

                                                                                            Spain           8.5%     +3.5

                                                                                            Portugal        4.9%      +2.1




* See Appendix A2 for share definitions and sources.                                                                                                                             41 41
Appendix: Financial guidance for FY26

                   •       Global cigarette industry volume expected to be down c.2%
                   •       Lower end of our medium-term guidance ranges:
                       •     3-5% revenue growth, with low double-digit New Category revenue growth
                       •     4-6% adjusted profit from operations growth* - H2 weighted
                       •     Expected c.1% transactional FX headwind
                       •     5-8% adjusted diluted EPS growth*
                   •       We expect a translational FX headwind of c.3% on adjusted diluted EPS growth*
                   •       Net finance costs* expected to be c.£1.8 billion, subject to interest rate volatility
                   •       Underlying tax rate of c.25%
                   •       Gross capital expenditure in 2026 of c.£750 million
                   •       Operating cash flow conversion >95%
                   •       Leverage within our 2.0-2.5x adjusted net debt/adjusted EBITDA* corridor by year end
                   •       Commitment to dividend growth in sterling terms and £1.3 billion share buy-back



                                                                                                                               42


Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1.   42
Appendix: Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation
Adjusted Profit from Operations

                                                                                              FY25 (£m)    FY24 (£m)
      Profit from operations                                                                      9,997        2,736
      Restructuring                                                                                  66             -
      Amortisation and impairment of trademarks and similar intangibles                           1,584        2,279
      (Credit)/charges in respect of Romania's other taxes                                          (15)         449
      (Credit)/charges in respect of the Canada Approved Plans                                    (708)        6,203
      Impairment charges in respect of Cuba's fixed assets                                             -          74
      Impairment charges relating to the Group's head office in London                                 -          75
      Impairment of goodwill                                                                        277           39
      Charges in connection with disposal of associate                                                3            6
      Pension liability management (buy-out)                                                         28             -
      Impairment on held-for-sale assets and associated costs                                       235             -
      Charges in respect of DOJ investigation and OFAC investigation                                   -           4
      Credit in respect of settlement of historical litigation in relation to the Fox River            -        (132)
      Loss of a distribution facility in Ukraine                                                     39             -
      Other adjusting items (including Engle)                                                        66          157
      Adjusted profit from operations                                                             11,572      11,890
      Impact of translational foreign exchange                                                      364             -
      Adjusted profit from operations translated at 2024 FX rates                                11,936       11,890
      Adjustments in respect of Canada, translated at 2024 exchange rates                         (308)         (520)
      Adjusted profit from operations as adjusted for Canada, translated at 2024 FX rates        11,628        11,370


                                                                                                                        43
Appendix: FY25 Adjusted for Canada

                                                                                                                    Adjusted for
 Year ended 31 December 2025 (£m)                         Adjusting                       Adjusted for                Canada
                                                                                                                      at constant
                                               Reported     items     Adjusted   Canada     Canada       Exchange      Currency

 Profit from Operations

 U.S.                                           4,942       1,601      6,543        -        6,543         223         6,766
 AME                                            3,433       (128)      3,305      (293)      3,012          57         3,069
 APMEA                                           1,622       102       1,724        -        1,724          69          1,793
 Total Region                                   9,997       1,575      11,572     (293)      11,279        349         11,628
 Net finance costs                              (1,819)      170       (1,649)    (54)       (1,703)       (30)        (1,733)
 Associates and joint ventures                   1,681     (1,239)      442         -         442           33          475
 Profit before tax                              9,859       506        10,365     (347)      10,018        352        (10,370)
 Taxation                                       (2,094)     (344)      (2,438)     92       (2,346)         79         (2,425)
 Non-controlling interests                        (1)       (125)       (126)       -        (126)          (3)         (129)
 Coupons relating to hybrid bonds net of tax     (87)        29         (58)        -         (58)           -          (58)
 Profit attributable to shareholders            7,677        37        7,743      (255)      7,488         270         7,758
 Diluted number of shares (m)                    2,199                  2,199                2,199                      2,199
 Diluted earnings per share (pence)             349.1                  352.1                 340.5                     352.8



                                                                                                                                    44
Appendix: Measuring our transformation


                                                  What we measure                            How we measure it                                                          2024               2025

                                                  Are we growing revenue?                     Revenue growth (%)                                                        +1.3%              +2.1%

                                                  Are we transforming?                        Smokeless revenue/total revenue (%)                                       17.5%             18.2%

                                                  Are we delivering value as we
                                                  grow?
                                                                                              Adjusted gross profit growth* (%)                                         +2.2%             +3.4%

                                                  Is the transformation
                                                  sustainable?
                                                                                              New Category contribution margin (%)                                       7.3%             12.0%

                                                  What is the return on New
                                                  Categories investment?
                                                                                              New Category return on investment (% of cc)                              +14.6%            +25.9%

                                                  What is the return on our                                                           *
                                                  capital?
                                                                                              Return on capital employed (%)                                            11.6%             12.0%

                                                  Are we delivering cash
                                                  generation?
                                                                                              Free cash flow pre-dividend (£m)                                          7,901             4,048

                                                  Are we de-leveraging our
                                                  business?
                                                                                              Adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA* (ratio)                             2.75x              2.55x




Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Appendix. * On an adjusted for Canada basis. See Appendix A1. Smokeless revenue/total revenue/ROCE/FCF/ND/EBITDA based on current rates.   45
     Appendix
Unless otherwise stated, absolute financials are presented at constant rates of exchange, growth in financial metrics is presented at constant rates of exchange and share data is presented versus full prior year.
A1: Non-GAAP financial measures
Adjusting (Adj.)
Adjusting items represent certain items which the Group considers distinctive based upon their size, nature or incidence.
Adjusted for Canada: Certain of these measures are also presented on an “adjusted for Canada” basis, reflecting the removal of 100% of adjusted profit from operations of our Canadian business, excluding New Categories from both 2024 and 2025 results, to remove the distorting effect of the Canadian results as
from the date all of the Group’s outstanding tobacco litigation in Canada is settled, annual payments based on a percentage (initially 85%, reducing over time) of the Group’s net income after taxes, based on amounts generated in Canada from all sources, excluding New Categories, will be paid out by the Group
until the aggregate settlement amount is paid. Due to the initial uncertain nature of the timing of the implementation of the settlement on the Group’s 2025 results, for the purposes of 2025 versus 2024, this charge is 100% of the profit after interest and tax from all sources in Canada, excluding New Categories.
From 2026, this charge will be 85% of the profit after interest and tax from all sources in Canada, excluding New Categories, reducing over time.
Organic To supplement the Group’s results presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the Group’s Management Board, as the chief operating decision maker, reviews certain of its results, including revenue and adjusted profit from operations, at constant rates of exchange,
prior to the impact of businesses sold or held-for-sale. Although the Group does not believe that these measures are a substitute for IFRS measures, the Group does believe that such results excluding the impact of businesses sold or to be held-for-sale provide additional useful information to investors regarding the
underlying performance of the business on a comparable basis and in the case of the divestment of the Group’s businesses in Russia and Belarus, the impact these businesses had on revenue and profit from operations. Accordingly, the organic financial measures appearing in this document should be read in
conjunction with the Group’s results as reported under IFRS. The exits referred to in respect of other markets, including in Africa, are not deemed significant to the user’s understanding.
Constant currency
Constant currency – measures are calculated based on the prior year's exchange rate, removing the potentially distorting effect of translational foreign exchange on the Group's results. The Group does not adjust for normal transactional gains or losses in profit from operations which are generated by exchange rate
movements.
Definitions:
-Adj. diluted earnings per share (EPS): Earnings per share before the impact of adjusting items, after adjustments to the number of shares outstanding for the impact of share option schemes whether they would be dilutive or not under statutory measures, presented at the prior year’s rate of exchange.
-Adj. gross margin: Adjusted gross profit as a proportion of revenue. Adjusted gross margin for FY25 is presented at constant rates, and for FY24 at FY24 rates.
-Adj. gross profit: Profit from operations before the impact of adjusting items and translational foreign exchange, and before all non production/attributable distribution costs and presented excluding the inorganic performance of certain businesses bought or sold in the period.
-Adj. operating margin: Adjusted profit from operations as a percentage of revenue.
-Adj. profit from operations: Profit from operations before the impact of adjusting items.
-Category contribution: Profit from operations before the impact of adjusting items and translational foreign exchange, having allocated costs that are directly attributable to New Categories.
-Contribution margin: New Category contribution as a percentage of New Category revenue. Category contribution for FY25 is presented at constant rates, and for FY24 at FY24 rates.
-Free cash flow: Net cash generated from operating activities after dividends paid to non-controlling interests, net interest paid and net capital expenditure.
-New Category return on investment (ROI): Calculated as marketing investments and research & development costs as a % of New Category contribution.
-New Category revenue: Revenue before the impact of adjusting items and translational foreign exchange, having allocated revenue directly attributable to New Categories, on a constant rate basis.
-Operating Cash Conversion: Net cash generated from operating activities before the impact of adjusting items and dividends from associates and excluding trading loans to third parties, pension short fall funding, taxes paid and net capital expenditure, as a proportion of adjusted profit from operations.
-Ratio of adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA (Leverage): Net debt, excluding the impact of the revaluation of Reynolds American Inc. acquired debt arising as part of the purchase price allocation process, as a proportion of profit for the year (earnings) before net finance costs (interest)/income, taxation on
ordinary activities, depreciation, amortisation, impairment costs, the Group’s share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures, translational foreign exchange and other adjusting items.
-Return on capital employed: Adjusted profit from operations, divided by the average total assets (less investment in associates and joint ventures) net of average current liabilities.
Price/Mix
Price/Mix is a term used by management and investors to explain the movement in revenue between periods and includes excise duty drawback. Revenue is affected by the volume (how many units are sold) and the price (how much each unit is sold for). The Group may achieve a movement in revenue due to
the relative proportions of higher price volume sold compared to lower price volume sold.
A2: Share metrics
FY25 growth vs. FY24, unless otherwise stated. Volume share: The estimated number of units bought by consumers of a specific brand or combination of brands, as a proportion of the total estimated units bought by consumers in the industry, category or other sub-categorisation. Sub-categories include, but are
not limited to, the total nicotine category, Modern Oral, Vapour, Traditional Oral or cigarettes. Corporate volume share is the share held by BAT Group. Except when referencing particular markets, volume share is based on our top markets.
Value share: The estimated retail value of units bought by consumers of a particular brand or combination of brands, as a proportion of the total estimated retail value of units bought by consumers in the industry, category or other sub-categorisation in discussion.
Our top markets are defined by estimated industry revenue in their relevant category. Top Vapour markets: U.S. – Circana Non-Syndicated RSD, Canada – Scan Data, the UK – NielsenIQ, France – Logista RA, Germany – NielsenIQ, Poland – NielsenIQ, Spain – Logista RA. These seven markets account for c.80% of
rechargeable closed systems consumables and disposables revenue in 2024. Top HP markets: Japan – CVS-BC, South Korea – CVS, Italy – NielsenIQ, Germany – NielsenIQ, Greece – NielsenIQ, Poland – NielsenIQ, Romania – NielsenIQ, the Czech Republic – NielsenIQ, Portugal – Logista RA, Spain – Logista RA. These
ten markets account for c.80% of total industry HP revenue in 2024. Top Modern Oral markets: U.S. – Circana Non-Syndicated RSD, Sweden – NielsenIQ, Denmark – NielsenIQ, Norway – NielsenIQ, Switzerland – IMS, the UK – NielsenIQ, Poland – NielsenIQ. These seven markets account for c.90% of total industry
Modern Oral revenue in 2024. Top Cigarette markets: U.S. – Circana Non-Syndicated RSD, Germany – NielsenIQ, Japan – CVS, Romania – NielsenIQ, Brazil – Scanntech, Mexico – NielsenIQ, Pakistan – Access Retail. These seven markets account for c.60% of cigarette industry revenue in 2024. Market share is used by
management to assess the relative performance of the Group against the performance of its main competitors.
A3: Poly-usage
-Combustibles Poly-use – refers to the use by an adult^ consumer of both combustibles products and potentially reduced-risk tobacco and nicotine products which for many smokers is part of a transitional period where those consumers move towards a complete switch to potentially reduced-risk products*† by
reducing the consumption of combustible tobacco products and replacing them with one or more potentially reduced-risk products.
-New Categories Poly-use – refers to the consumption of two or more potentially reduced-risk tobacco or nicotine product categories by adult^ consumers who do not consume any Combustibles products.
-Total Poly-use – total number of adult^ consumers consuming two or more tobacco and/or nicotine products, which may or may not include combustibles products.
^ As defined by the relevant local law but shall in no circumstance refer to any person under the age of 18; and shall in no circumstance refer to any person under the age of 21 in the U.S.


A4: Consumers of Smokeless products
The number of adult consumers of smokeless products is defined as the estimated number of Legal Age (minimum 18 years) consumers of the Group’s smokeless products - which does not necessarily mean these users are solus consumers of these products. In markets where regular consumer tracking is in place,
this estimate is obtained from adult consumer tracking studies conducted by third parties (including Kantar). In markets where regular consumer tracking is not in place, the number of consumers of smokeless products is derived from volume sales of consumables and devices in such markets, using consumption
patterns obtained from other similar markets with adult consumer tracking (utilising studies conducted by third parties, including Kantar). The number of consumers is adjusted for those identified (as part of the consumer tracking studies undertaken) as using more than one BAT brand.

The number of consumers of smokeless products is used by management to assess the number of adult consumers regularly using the Group’s New Categories products as the increase in smokeless products is a key pillar of the Group’s Sustainability ambition and is integral to the sustainability of our business.

A5: Smokeless Products
Refers to non-combustibles, including Vapour products, Heated Products, Modern Oral and Traditional Oral.



   * Based on the weight of evidence and assuming a complete switch from cigarette smoking. These products are not risk free and are addictive.
   † Products sold in the U.S., including Vuse, Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, and Camel Snus, are subject to FDA regulation and no reduced-risk claims will be made as to these products without agency clearance.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           46 46
