Onewo Inc.
萬物雲空間科技服務股份有限公司
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Stock Code : 2602




                                                                                                Annual Report
                                                                                                         2022
CONTENTS

Corporate Milestones                                2
Corporate Honors                                    8
Letter to Shareholders                             10
Definitions                                        14
Corporate Information                              17
Financial Summary                                  19
Management Discussion and Analysis                 20
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management       38
Report of the Board of Directors                   49
Report of the Board of Supervisors                 79
Corporate Governance Report                        82
Independent Auditor’s Report                      101
Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss         107
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   108
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position     109
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity      111
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows             113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    116
    CORPORATE MILESTONES


    January

            On January 1, Vanke Service established
            the “Elevator Trapped People Care
            Fund” and launched the “Elevator Not
            Trapped People” action. Within one
            year of implementation of such action,
            the number of elevator trapped people
            decreased by 57.14%.




            On January 4, the Onewo Towns
            Working Group was formally established
            to comprehensively promote the No. 1
            strategy of Onewo Towns, aiming to
            promote the reform of the labor supply
            side and reshape space efficiency through
            the integration in the select sub-districts
            and super work order system.




    February

            On February 17, 5 communities under Vanke Service’s
            management were listed on “Better Community” by
            the MOHURD, and awarded for National Top 100
            Classic Cases in “Better Property Management, Better
            Community”. We continue to promote the construc-
            tion of beautiful community, pursuing excellent prop-
            erty management services for more people.




2   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                           CORPORATE MILESTONES




   In February, Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service successfully completed the service guarantee task
   for the 2022 Winter Olympics venue and the main media center MMC venue of major projects
   in Beijing, ensured the completion and delivery of the project, and directly participated in the
   formulation of waste removal service standards, security, security inspection and facility operation
   and maintenance services for the Winter Olympics to ensure the normal operation of the project
   during the Winter Olympics.




March
   On March 16, the Company added an honorary title of “Onewo Volunteer” for the anti-epidemic
   warriors. The Company held a farewell ceremony for the first batch of 253 “Dr. Big Whites” who
   evacuated from Shatou Street to commend all the volunteers.




                                                                         Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    3
    CORPORATE MILESTONES


    April




            On April 15, “ Pineapple No. 1 ”
            were installed in 12 Vanke Service
            communities in Shenzhen and
            Wuhan, aiming to achieve to solve
            all the daily needs of owners in 7*24
            and one stop and improve the work
            efficiency of the “ Fortune Depot ”
            (幸福驛站).




    May
            On May 19, Bantian Onewo Town was accepted after checking, hence the birth of the first Onewo
            Town. It involves many procedures which took one and a half months to ensure the successful
            acceptance: Starting a joint working group, concurrently developing the three lines, namely
            processes, products and sites, forming a transformation plan, and displaying the convergence and
            focus effect. Bantian Onewo Town serves as the foundation for the subsequent transformation of
            other Onewo Towns.




4   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                CORPORATE MILESTONES


 June



        On June 23, Vanke Service was among the first movers
        in the industry to promote the AED facilities entering
        into communities and CPR certification, in order to
        continually improve the resilience of service spaces to
        social and environmental risks to reduce the abnormal
        casualty within our service spaces.




                                                                  On July 5, Nightly News of CCTV 1 focused
 July                                                             on and reported the operation model of
                                                                  integrated “Block + Community” in Xima
                                                                  new village community of Jianghan City
                                                                  Resources service project, which is the
                                                                  member enterprise of City Up. Constantly
                                                                  improving grassroots governance and
                                                                  solving the “urgency, difficulty and
                                                                  anxiety” in the hearts of the people is the
                                                                  appropriate meaning of the Company to
                                                                  respond to the new expectations of the
                                                                  people for a better life.




August

        On August 21, Onewo Picks (萬
        物研選) held its first suppliers
        signing ceremony and the
        first centralized supply chain
        product was launched. 22
        business partners joined the
        discussion about how to
        develop the stock market in
        future, which represents a new
        start for collaborative research
        and development in products,
        channels and service capabilities.


                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   5
    CORPORATE MILESTONES


    September

            On September 29, Onewo was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; the
            Chinese stock name of Onewo is “萬物雲” and the stock code is “HK.2602”. The spin-off and listing
            have refreshed Onewo and we believe that this new beginning means greater growth potential for
            Onewo.




            On September 29, Vanke Service and Shenzhen Property
            Management Association jointly published the Manual of
            Services to Empty Nesters (        ), first of its kind
                                      《空巢老人服務手冊》
            in the industry and launched the “Dedicated Access Initiative”
            for helping the empty nesters. Vanke Service has worked with
            residential communities under its management on providing a
            series of socially responsible services for the elderly owners on a
            case-by-case basis.




    October
            On October 10, Zhuyingtai realized the
            aggregation of work orders and closed
            loop for entire life cycle of work orders,
            such as receiving, processing, acceptance
            and evaluation on the same interface. At
            the same time, it is compatible with all
            types of original work order processes and
            experiences, which greatly improved the
            processing efficiency of work orders and
            user experience.



6   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                            CORPORATE MILESTONES


November

    On November 21, four major brands of property management companies, the Chang Cheng
    Property, Greentown Service, Vanke Service and China Overseas Property, jointly signed the Proposal
    for Residential Property Service (         ) in Shenzhen, issuing a joint initiative for
                                     《住宅物業服務倡議書》
    the industry and society on taking the road to independent and sustainable development, the
    Management Regulation (    ), promoting the establishment of the general meeting of
                          《管理規約》
    property owners and property owners’ association, sunny and transparent services, and maintaining
    long-term value of assets, etc.




December

    On December 28, the annual topic of research on the renewal strategy of underserved old residential
    properties and the participation of enterprises in urban governance was released, which sharing the
    methods to promote the transformation of urban governance to agile governance, and revealing the
    operation mode, public value and potential challenges of territory-wide urban governance.




                                                                          Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   7
    CORPORATE HONORS




      No.                                    H on or                                          Gr anted by
                Onewo Service ranked first in the 315 Satisfaction Survey of China’s
        1                                                                                         Leju Finance
                Property Management Services

                Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service was top 1 on the list of
                “Performance Index · Performance of Commercial Property
        2                                                                                   Guandian Index Academy
                Management Services Providers in 2022” issued by the Guandian
                Index Institute

                Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service won the Excellence in
        3                                                                                   Harvard Business Review
                Management Award issued by the Harvard Business Review magazine

                Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service was recognized as a “Company         Southern Finance Omnimedia Corp.
        4       with Excellent Business Model” by the 21st Century Business Summit        21st Century Business Review
                Forum in 2022                                                             21st Century Business Herald

                Onewo won the Guru Club Greater China Best Listed Company
        5                                                                                          Guru Club
                Awards – Most Valuable IPO of the Year issued by the Guru Club

                Onewo was the bronze medal winner in CVPR2022 Workshop on              IEEE Conference on Computer Vision
        6
                Image Matching                                                              and Pattern Recognition



8   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                             CORPORATE HONORS




No.                                 H o n or                                             Gr anted by
      City Up ranked in the first position among the 2022 Top 10                Shanghai E-House Real Estate Research
 7
      Enterprises in Urban Services selected by CRIC (克而瑞)                                    Institute

      Vanrui IntelliTech was selected as one of the 2022 TOP 20 Leading
 8                                                                                               CRIC
      Science and Technology Enterprises by Real Estate Digital Power by CRIC

      China Association of Communication Enterprises – ICT China
                                                                                China Association of Communication
      Innovation Award (2022) Excellent “Innovation Pioneer” – A
 9                                                                                          Enterprises
      whole-area smart operation model for urban governance based on
                                                                                          PT EXPO CHINA
      “Cloud City Captain (雲城隊長)”
      China Association of Communication Enterprises – ICT China Innovation
                                                                                China Association of Communication
      Award (2022) Excellent “Innovation Pioneer” – An innovative
10                                                                                          Enterprises
      community governance model of “city-as-a-property (物業城市)” in the
                                                                                          PT EXPO CHINA
      Guangdong-Macao In-Depth Cooperation Zone in Hengqin
      China Association of Communication Enterprises – ICT China Innovation     China Association of Communication
11    Award (2022) Best “Innovation Pioneer” – A “whole-area smart operation”               Enterprises
      model for urban governance in Jianghan District of Wuhan City                       PT EXPO CHINA
                                                                                 China IoT Industry Application Alliance
      Vanrui IntelliTech received the certificate of top 50 Benchmark Cases
12                                                                               Shenzhen Internet of Things Industry
      of IoT Application in China for 2022
                                                                                              Association



                                                                                   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022           9
LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
Standing on solid ground, we insist on
our principal businesses. Looking up at
the starry sky, we aspire to the vision
of industrial interconnection. "Onewo
Town+" is our exploration and practice
of industrial interconnection.



Mr. Zhu Baoquan
Chairman, Executive Director
and General Manager
                                             LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS


                               WHERE TIME MEETS SPACE
2022 was set to be a challenging year. Despite years of regulation, developers were found heavily indebted
one after another, and new home sales plummeted. The expected smooth transition from an incremental
market to a stock market has become an unexpectedly steep curve. The intensity of such shocks is historically
rare. Developers, who were traditionally the generous clients of property management service provider,
suddenly became short of money, as evidenced by a sharp decline in the figures on financial statements in
pre-delivery support services business and sales center business caused by the contracted commencement
of sales (especially in the second half of the year), an increase in arrears of property fees and a rise in
other related receivables resulting from newly delivered unsold vacant houses. Agency sale of developers’
parking space assets, which was formerly considered a lucrative business, has leveled off. Previously, all of
these businesses were notable sources of gross profits displayed in the financial statements of the property
management service providers.


Enterprises of the times must be able to withstand the test of time. If it were not for the gloomy market in
the real estate sector, the property management service industry might still remain in its comfort zone with
the traditional income structure. Thus, we have to face the fact that only by doing a good job in basic services
can we win customer reputation. In this way, we can continue to thrive on the long and challenging path.
The businesses of Onewo also need to face the problems brought by developers to property management
service providers. However, from the financial report, it is encouraging to find that our principal businesses
relating to residential and commercial office properties have both maintained solid growth in revenue, with
a steady increase in the adjusted gross profit on a comparable basis and outstanding operating net cash flow
performance.


In light of the challenges faced by developers today, our Company has proceeded to reduce our dependence
on connected transactions with the parent company and has diversified our customer base to hedge against
the risks of relying on a single source of business since 2019. Through our brand “Cushman & Wakefield
Vanke Service”, we have become a strategic property management service provider for leading enterprises
in industries including the Internet, finance and high-end manufacturing. In 2022, the revenue generated
from property and facilities management services provided to third parties amounted to RMB6.40 billion,
representing 84.8% of the total revenue. Additionally, we engaged 16 new clients from the global top 500
enterprises and China’s top 500 enterprises, as well as 8 unicorn clients, including top corporate clients in
various fields such as new energy, semiconductor, and aerospace.


“City-as-a-property (物業城市)” is an industry strategy proposed by our Company in 2018 to help Chinese
property management service providers to shift towards city governance. In the pilot phase, we selected nearly
70% of the contracts to be operated through minority shareholding and our tech business was launched.
The remaining, or approximately 30% of the contracts, was entered into through direct engagement or
direct control according to the status of clients. Based on the results of our practice in 2022, we found that
the gross profit of the latter model was lowering, while the business model based on minority shareholding
management was further validated, particularly in its ability to facilitate the implementation of smart city
products.




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     11
     LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

     Indeed, from the perspective of the spatial IoT strategy of “Onewo”, the growth of the smart community
     and smart city business is more important. In terms of data, AIoT solutions generated a revenue of RMB1.38
     billion, representing a year-to-year increase of 13.9%, and contributed a gross profit of RMB420 million,
     representing a year-to-year increase of 41.2%, with the gross profit margin rising to 30.7%. Additionally,
     BPaaS solutions achieved a revenue of RMB993 million, representing a year-to-year increase of 56.7%, and
     contributed a gross profit of RMB327 million, representing a year-to-year increase of 29.5%, with the gross
     profit margin reaching 32.9%. Onewo has successfully achieved a breakthrough by forming a synergistic
     development strategy in cooperation with leading science and technology enterprises.


     2022 was doomed to be a more challenging year than expected. The sight of hindrance of people and goods,
     deserted streets and empty cities due to lockdown is still fresh in our minds. The reality we must face is the
     significantly increased cost of ensuring customer service quality and adequate supply of human resources,
     with the costs of community service for guaranteeing safety exceeding RMB100 million. Our home decoration
     business, which we had planned to conduct with great enthusiasm, did not meet our expectations due to
     the inability to deliver. In December, during the time when the owners usually pay their bills, the service fee
     collection was significantly impacted as most employees were put on furlough. Despite the unprecedented
     pressure, all segments of Onewo withstood the test. “Vanke Service” once again earned high praise from the
     owners across the country for guaranteeing community safety during emergencies. “Cushman & Wakefield
     Vanke Service” was also recognized by clients for staying with them through thick and thin, and “City Up”
     was regarded by the governments as a solid brand ready to serve and able to win. To some extent, these
     costs have been converted to the intangible assets that cannot be credited to the financial statements yet.


     Our acquisition of Yango Intelligent and Bon Property in 2021, as well as the consolidation of the results
     of Shouwan Yuye Property in 2022, contributed to the goodwill and intangible assets that are included in
     the financial statements. Following our prudent financial policy, we adhere to the proper amortization of
     intangible assets, which impacts the figures on the income statement. Meanwhile, we also made full use of
     our post-investment integration capabilities, as proven by our investment in Cushman & Wakefield Vanke
     Service, to smoothly integrate the functional departments and residential property management segments of
     Yango Intelligent and Bon Property into our Company. We fully leveraged the strengths of the original team
     in areas such as the Fujian market, affordable residential property, medical facility management service to
     ensure that goodwill truly creates value.


     The current pandemic and the sluggish state of the real estate market should be seen as crises in which lie
     opportunities. In such a context, it is essential to remain resolute in our commitment to the strategic goals.




12   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                             LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

With its traditional businesses integrating with the spatial IoT business, Onewo is creating an industrial
interconnection ecology called “Onewo Town +”. Within a geographical space of a three-kilometer radius,
we break through the walls of traditional residential properties and enhance service efficiency through
systematic changes made by intelligent IoT hardware to the service process and the change of enabling
personnel dispatched from intra-community to cross-community, and this is “Onewo Town + property
management service”. In terms of data, the number of Onewo Towns increased from 459 to 584 in 2022.
During the same period, we successively completed efficiency improvement and renovation for 38 Onewo
Towns, which involved 329 projects, created a revenue of RMB820 million. With the efficiency investment
and renovation cost of approximately RMB160 million, we achieved cost saving of over RMB30 million in
2022, which ultimately increased the gross profit margin of basic residential property management service by
4% throughout the year, and we also replicated the Bantian Onewo Town model and made good use of the
investors’ money. In addition, within this same geographical space, intelligent coordination of maintenance
staff constitutes “Onewo Town + Home Renovation and Furnishing”. For the 31 Onewo Towns in the home
renovation and furnishing pilot areas, a contract value of RMB210 million was achieved, representing a
year-to-year increase of 118.8%, while we maintained a high satisfaction rate of over 90%. The ecological
business of Onewo Town is also gradually expanding. In the 38 Onewo Towns, the revenue from commercial
property and facility management business increased by RMB160 million year-to-year. Along with such
expansion, the industry interconnection ecology featuring “Onewo Town + Community Commerce”, “Onewo
Town + Elevator” and “Onewo Town + ‘X’” is taking shape. In 2023, we plan to pilot, explore and iterate in
over 100 Onewo Towns.


People may have different answers to what industrial interconnection is as their angles vary. I asked AI what
industrial interconnection is and picked a few key words from its answer to share with you: Integration with
traditional industries, intelligent IoT, intelligent coordination, cloud platform, and improvement in supply
chain efficiency. These are the goals we either have accomplished or are currently striving for. While Internet
companies are searching for offline opportunities, traditional industries are seeking ways to expand their
online presence.


Where time meets space, there is industrial interconnection. In this case, shareholders’ trust is indispensable.
Therefore, both you and Onewo are meant to be parts of the plan.


                                                                                                   Onewo Inc.
                                                                                              Zhu Baoquan
                                                           Chairman, Executive Director and General Manager


                                                                             Shenzhen, China, March 27, 2023




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     13
     DEFINITIONS


     “Annual General Meeting”           the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on
                                        Friday, June 16, 2023


     “Audit Committee”                  the audit committee of the Board


     “Board” or “Board of Directors” the board of directors of the Company


     “Board of Supervisors”             the board of supervisors of the Company


     “Corporate Governance Code”        Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules
       or “CG Code”


     “China” or “the PRC” or the        the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this annual report
       “People’s Republic of China”     for geographical reference only


     “China Vanke”                      China Vanke Co., Ltd. (萬科企業股份有限公司), a joint stock limited
                                        company incorporated in the PRC, the H shares and A shares of which are
                                        listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 2202) and Shenzhen
                                        Stock Exchange (stock code: 000002), respectively, and a Controlling
                                        Shareholder of our Company


     “China Vanke Group”                China Vanke and its subsidiaries


     “Retained China Vanke Group”       China Vanke and its subsidiaries, excluding the Group


     “Company”, “our Company”,          Onewo Inc. (萬物雲空間科技服務股份有限公司), a limited liability company
       “the Company”, “Onewo”           incorporated in the PRC on February 20, 2001 and converted into a joint
                                        stock limited company incorporated in the PRC on March 20, 2018


     “Controlling Shareholder(s)”       has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the
       or “Controlling Shareholders     context otherwise requires, refers to China Vanke, Shenzhen Wanqing
       Group”                           M a n a g e m e n t C o n s u l t i n g C o . , L t d . ( 深圳市萬頃管理諮詢有限公司 ) ,
                                        Shenzhen Wanhu Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (深圳市萬斛管理諮詢
                                        有限公司), Shenzhen Wanmazhengxian Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
                                        (深圳市萬馬爭先管理諮詢有限公司), Shenzhen Yingda Investment Fund
                                        Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市盈達投資基金管理有限公司), Shenzhen
                                        Wanshuzhimiao Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (深圳市萬殊之妙管理諮
                                        詢有限公司) and Shenzhen Wanhuquanyuan Management Consulting Co.,
                                        Ltd. (深圳市萬斛泉源管理諮詢有限公司)


     “Director(s)” or “our Directors”   the director(s) of our Company




14   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                                               DEFINITIONS


“Domestic Shares”               ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company, with a nominal value
                                of RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and paid up in Renminbi by
                                domestic investors


“Employee Shareholding          collectively, Ruida I Limited, Ruida II Limited, Ruida III Limited, Ruida IV
  Platforms”                    Limited and Ruida V Limited


“Global Offering”               the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering (including
                                the Preferential Offering to Qualifying China Vanke H Shareholders) of the
                                Offer Shares, details of which are set out in the Prospectus


“Group”, “our Group”,           our Company and its subsidiaries from time to time or, where the context
  “the Group”, “we”, “us” or    so requires, in respect of the period prior to our Company became the
  “our”                         holding company of its present subsidiaries, the business operated by such
                                subsidiaries or their predecessors (as the case may be)


“HK$”, “Hong Kong dollars”,     Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollars” or “cents”


“Hong Kong” or “HK”             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Stock Exchange” or             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”


“Independent Third Party” or    individuals(s) or company(ies) or their respective ultimate beneficial
  “Independent Third Parties”   owner(s), who/which, to the best of our Directors’ knowledge, information
                                and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, is/are not connected with
                                our Company, its subsidiaries or any of their respective associates within
                                the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Latest Practicable Date”       April 19, 2023, being the latest practicable date for the purpose of
                                ascertaining certain information in this annual report prior to its printing


“International Financial        International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International
  Reporting Standards”          Accounting Standards Board from time to time


“Listing Date”                  the date on which the dealing in the Shares first commences on the Stock
                                Exchange, being September 29, 2022


“Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                from time to time


“Nomination Committee”          the nomination committee of the Board




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   15
     DEFINITIONS


     “Remuneration Committee”        the remuneration and evaluation committee of the Board


     “Prospectus”                    the prospectus of the Company dated September 19, 2022 in connection
                                     with the Global Offering


     “Reporting Period”              the year ended December 31, 2022


     “RMB” or “Renminbi”             the lawful currency of the PRC


     “SFO” or “Securities and Futures the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
       Ordinance”                    Kong)


     “Share(s)”                      share(s) in the share capital of our Company, with a nominal value of
                                     RMB1.00 each, comprising our Unlisted Shares and our H Shares


     “Shareholder(s)”                holder(s) of our Share(s)


     “Supervisor(s)”                 the supervisor(s) of our Company


     “Unlisted Foreign Shares”       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company, with a nominal value
                                     of RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and paid for in currency other
                                     than RMB by foreign investors and not listed on any stock exchange


     “Unlisted Shares”               Domestic Shares and Unlisted Foreign Shares


     “%”                             percentage




16   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                          CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                           JOINT COMPANY
                                             SECRETARIES
Executive Directors
                                             Mr. Huang Min
Mr. Zhu Baoquan (Chairman of the Board)      Ms. Ng Wai Kam (ACG, HKACG)
Mr. He Shuhua

                                             AUTHORIZED
Non-executive Directors
                                             REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Wang Wenjin
                                             Mr. Zhu Baoquan
Mr. Zhang Xu
                                             Mr. Huang Min
Mr. Sun Jia
Mr. Zhou Qi
Mr. Yao Jinbo                                ALTERNATE AUTHORIZED
                                             REPRESENTATIVE
Independent Non-executive
Directors                                    Ms. Ng Wai Kam (ACG, HKACG)

Ms. Law Elizabeth                            AUDITOR
Mr. Chen Yuyu
Mr. Shen Haipeng                             Ernst & Young
Mr. Song Yunfeng                             Certified Public Accountants
                                             Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
SUPERVISORS                                  27/F, One Taikoo Place
                                             979 King’s Road
Ms. Xiang Yun (Chairperson)                  Quarry Bay
Ms. Han Huihua                               Hong Kong
Mr. Wu Jianxia

                                             LEGAL ADVISERS
BOARD COMMITTEES
                                             As to Hong Kong laws:
Audit Committee
                                             Paul Hastings
Ms. Law Elizabeth (Chairperson)
                                             22/F, Bank of China Tower
Mr. Wang Wenjin
Mr. Chen Yuyu                                1 Garden Road
                                             Hong Kong
Remuneration Committee
                                             As to PRC laws:
Mr. Shen Haipeng (Chairperson)
Mr. Zhu Baoquan                              JunHe LLP
Mr. Song Yunfeng                             Suite 2803-04
                                             28th Floor, Tower Three, Kerry Plaza
Nomination Committee                         No. 1-1, Zhongxinsi Road, Futian District
                                             Shenzhen
Mr. Zhu Baoquan (Chairperson)                PRC
Mr. Song Yunfeng
Mr. Chen Yuyu



                                                                     Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   17
     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     COMPLIANCE ADVISER                     PRINCIPAL BANKS
     Altus Capital Limited                  Bank of China Meilin Sub-branch
     21 Wing Wo Street                      No. 67 Meilin Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
     Central                                Guangdong
     Hong Kong
                                            Agricultural Bank of China Shenzhen Luohu Sub-
     H SHARE REGISTRAR                      branch
                                            No. 2087 Shennan East Road, Luohu District,
     Tricor Investor Services Limited       Shenzhen
     17/F, Far East Finance Centre
     16 Harcourt Road                       Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
     Hong Kong                              Shenzhen Huacheng Sub-branch
                                            1/F, Wenshan Building, No. 2052 Jiefang Road,

     REGISTERED OFFICE                      Luohu District, Shenzhen, Guangdong


                                            China Construction Bank Corporation Business
     Meilin Vanke Center
                                            Division of Shenzhen Branch
     No. 63 Meilin Road
                                            No. 8 Pengcheng 1st Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
     Futian District, Shenzhen
                                            Guangdong
     PRC

                                            China Merchants Bank Shenzhen Dongmen
     PRINCIPAL PLACE                        Branch
     OF BUSINESS AND                        1-2/F Waimao Qinggong Tower, No. 1002 Aiguo
     HEADQUARTER IN THE PRC                 Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen


     Meilin Vanke Center                    China Citic Bank Shenzhen Chengshiguangchang
     No. 63 Meilin Road                     Flagship Sub-branch
     Futian District, Shenzhen              1/F, CITIC Building, No. 1093 Shennan Middle Road,
     PRC                                    Futian District, Shenzhen


     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                     WEBSITE
     BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
                                            https://www.onewo.com/

     1806-07, 18/F, Laws Commercial Plaza
     788 Cheung Sha Wan Road                STOCK CODE
     Kowloon
     Hong Kong                              2602


                                            LISTING DATE
                                            September 29, 2022




18   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                                FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and assets and liabilities of the Company for the past four financial years is set out
below:


Consolidated results
                                                                2022            2021            2020             2019
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


Revenue                                                  30,105,803      23,704,539       18,145,464     13,927,289
Profit before tax                                          2,020,773       2,320,009       2,108,873         1,454,721
Income tax expense                                          (434,678)       (605,718)       (590,018)         (414,442)
Profit for the year                                        1,586,095       1,714,291       1,518,855         1,040,279
Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                     1,510,490       1,667,642       1,464,039         1,019,894
  Non-controlling interests                                   75,605          46,649          54,816           20,385
                                                           1,586,095       1,714,291       1,518,855         1,040,279


Consolidated financial position
                                                                2022            2021            2020             2019
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


Non-current assets                                       15,121,034      15,015,883        6,796,065         6,140,312
Current assets                                           21,788,788      13,708,383       12,207,692         9,985,705
Current liabilities                                      17,713,544      16,281,888       11,512,169         9,771,856
Net current assets/(liabilities)                           4,075,244      (2,573,505)        695,523          213,849
Total assets less current liabilities                    19,196,278      12,442,378        7,491,588         6,354,161
Non-current liabilities                                    2,195,296       2,129,800         926,998          683,738
Net assets                                               17,000,982      10,312,578        6,564,590         5,670,423
Equity attributable to owners of the parent              16,459,709        9,893,445       6,255,014         5,488,653
Non-controlling interests                                    541,273         419,133         309,576          181,770
Total equity                                             17,000,982      10,312,578        6,564,590         5,670,423


Note:    The Company’s H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on September 29, 2022.




                                                                                       Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial information of the
     Group, including the related notes, set out on pages 107 to 212 of this annual report.


     Industry Review

     •     Independence Reflection – Reliance on Developers Exacerbates Industry
           Volatility

           The third-party independence was a hot topic when property management service providers entered
           the capital market. However, in recent years, capital seems to prefer the business relationship between
           property management service providers and the parent company of developers. Indeed, the parent
           company’s easily obtainable incremental projects and the developer’s value-added services with high
           gross margins enhance the financial statements of property management service providers. According
           to CREIS, as of the first half of 2022, for more than one-third of property management service
           providers in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
           that have announced the source of area under management, over 50% of their scale is sourced from
           related parties. Property management service providers still mainly depend on the incremental project
           support from related parties to increase their scale. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, the
           sales of commodity housing in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) decreased by 26.7%
           in 2022 as compared to the same period of last year, and the decline in sales of major customers
           imposed a greater pressure on the growth, profitability, accounts receivable and cash flow of property
           management service providers. This will reignite thinking about property management service providers
           getting rid of the dependence on the developer industry and the third-party independence needed to
           promote customer diversification.

     •     M&A Reflection-Large-Scale M&A Accumulates Operating Pressure

           According to CREIS, in 2021, the median P/E ratio of listed property management service providers
           was as high as 46.7 times. Historical acquisitions through financing have become a hot topic in the
           industry. The price of the acquired target has also risen, which is reflected as the high goodwill and
           intangible assets in the financial statements. The sudden consolidation of the industry has brought
           a great challenge to the management and operational capabilities of property management service
           providers. In 2022, along with the continued downturn in developers, the valuation center of the
           property industry has shifted downward simultaneously, and the growth model of the industry has
           been challenged and questioned. Besides, the difficulties encountered by the developers resulted in
           operating volatility and bad debts of the merged property management service providers, bringing
           challenges to the goodwill on the account.




20   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   Reflection on Value-Added Services – There is no Free Lunch in the World

    The value-added service of property management service providers is often based on the idea formed
    by local cases. When faced with large-scale growth, it will encounter problems such as talent shortage
    and property project restrictions. In the environment of more related party transactions, high gross
    profit and high P/E ratio, some cases perform well in growth. But when related party business declines
    and the industry suffers downturn, the new business will be, more or less, hit by slowdown in growth,
    decline in gross profit and lack of competitiveness. According to the statistics conducted by CRIC on
    the data of first half of 2022, the proportion of diversified business operating income of property
    management service providers decreased by approximately 4.9 percent year-to-year, and the non-
    owner value-added service income of some property management service providers decreased by more
    than 50% year-to-year. Community value-added services based on related party transactions and
    regional advantages of residential property are both worthy of reflection.


•   Fragility and Resilience of the Property Management Service Industry

    According to the data from CRIC, the average P/E ratio of the property industry was over 30 times
    in 2021, and as of the end of 2022, the industry level average P/E ratio was down to 7 times, with
    approximately 17.6 times for state-owned property management service providers and less than 7
    times for private companies. The single source of business with related parties makes the development
    of related property management service providers lack resilience. In fact, even enterprises under the
    background of central or state-owned enterprises also face this problem. The service industry should
    inherently have a strong rigid demand attribute. Therefore, enterprises should return to the origin of
    business and abandon the concept of high gross margin, focus more on the establishment of customer
    relationships and organizational resilience, grow steadily in the uncertain market environment, and
    seize opportunities in the recovering market environment.


    In 2022, a year full of variables and challenges, the industry should be more deeply aware that brand
    accumulation is not equal to scale development. There’s no such thing as a free lunch. Property
    management service provider should build independent development strategies and talent pools to
    form a diversified customer base. By persevering with a yearning-for-life service spirit, we have won
    the reputation of customer satisfaction. By responding promptly to unexpected events, we have gained
    a customer-first reputation. We need to continue to pay attention to cash flow instead of just pursuing
    wealth on paper. It is the intangible assets accumulated in this process that make the enterprise
    withstand the pressure under the external shocks.




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     STRATEGIES REVIEW

     1.         Onewo Town Strategy

                Since 2020, the Company has continued the exploration and implementation of Onewo TownNote 1
                strategies, and summarized the DFMS model for Onewo Town.


                When promoting the implementation of Onewo Town, data runs through the entire process, including
                using objective data to select development locations, i.e. the Company chose to increase density of
                property projects in the 3,402 sub-districts in 100 most economic-valuable cities in China, which
                requires the Company to have the ability to expand the existing market in order to obtain more
                marketing opportunities in target areas; it also includes investing in facility to realize changes in
                business processes in an intelligent IoT and data-driven manner, enabling a more efficient supply chain,
                creating a Localized Service Network in the Onewo Town space, and iterating and upgrading traditional
                industries, including but not limited to residential property services and home renovation.


                –      Successful site selection and construction of Onewo Town


                       At the beginning of 2022, the Company had 459 Onewo Towns with higher density. By deeply
                       cultivating operations and focusing on service improvement, based on the brand influence
                       of Vanke Service, the Company has further strengthened customer awareness in terms of
                       transparent property, smart community, and supported asset preservation and appreciation,
                       which helped expansion of market. In addition, the Company conducted an inventory of project
                       information within the value sub-districts, formulated a project expansion and implementation
                       plan, which helped achieve market goals. At the end of 2022, the total number of Onewo Town
                       has increased to 584, providing a foundation for the implementation of subsequent strategies.


                –      Smooth transformation of process


                       In 2022, the Company completed the modification of residential service processes in 38 Onewo
                       Towns. By intelligent modification, upgrading the equipment and facilities of the project in
                       Onewo Town, intelligent IoT can be achieved. On this basis, the supply chain was integrated to
                       create a workorder-driven process change within Onewo Town.


                       During the year, there were 14 Onewo Towns, with a total of 118 projects completed
                       modification on August 31; and 24 Onewo Towns, with a total of 211 projects completed
                       modification on September 30. After completing the modification of 38 Onewo Towns,
                       it brought an equivalent of more than RMB30 million of efficiency improvement to basic
                       residential properties in 2022. If this result was applied throughout the year, it was expected to
                       increase the gross profit margin of basic residential properties by more than 4%. Therefore, the
                       feasibility of the modification and efficiency improvement of the process of Onewo Town was
                       further demonstrated, which has constructed a moat for the Company.



     Note 1
              A strategically selected sub-district in which (i) the Group has multiple properties under management; and (ii)
                employees of the Group could commute between the properties under management within 20 to 30 minutes



22   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     –     The growth rate of home renovation and furnishing services was affected by objective
           factors


           During the Reporting Period, the Company promoted the decoration business pilot scheme
           in 31 Onewo Towns, leveraged customer demands based on standardized partial decoration
           business as key products, maintained a quality work team with sufficient order volume and
           took customer satisfaction as the core goal to drive the transformation of traditional home
           decoration model. Although the normal commencement of the decoration business (such as
           household entry, construction, and delivery) was affected by objective factors, the Company
           achieved RMB210 million contract value in 31 Onewo Town pilot areas, representing a year-
           to-year growth of 118.8% with satisfaction rate exceeding 90%. The transformation model of
           promoting the decoration business using the Onewo Town model has yet to be further verified.


2.   Continuous and Rapid Growth of Space IoT Business

     In terms of space IoT, the Company insists on investing and expanding the market through various
     channels. During the Reporting Period, the Company invested RMB410 million in research &
     development, accounting for 1.4% of its total revenue. On the one hand, it helped optimize its
     business efficiency, and on the other hand, it expanded channels to achieve the rapid growth in the
     market. During the Reporting Period, the technological revenue reached RMB2.38 billion, accounting
     for 7.9% of the total revenue, with a year-to-year growth of 28.5%, creating a gross profit of RMB751
     million, accounting for 17.8% of the total gross profit, with a year-to-year growth of 35.9%.


     –     R&D investment leads to improvement of its own operational efficiency


           During the Reporting Period, the Company has set up a digital operation center in Wuhan,
           which has achieved remote operation of all residential projects. During the Reporting Period,
           the Company successfully developed and installed the first self-service kiosk at the front desk
           of property in China, Pineapple No. 1, in 1,354 projects, which can achieve 7*24 uninterrupted
           service for basic property functions. At the same time, Lingshi servers have been laid in five
           Onewo Town pilot areas to achieve the combination of AI and work order scheduling in order
           to further improve process efficiency.


     –     Strong external expansion capability of AIoT solutions


           During the Reporting Period, although part of the performance of AIoT solutions was affected by
           developers, the Company actively expanded various service modes, established new partnerships
           with high-quality customers such as leading infrastructure enterprises, large household appliance
           enterprises, and technology enterprises, and exported hardware products such as the Black
           Cat series of access control products, Ruilian series of IoT products, and Lingshi Edge servers,
           achieving in a revenue of RMB1.38 billion for AIoT solutions, as well as an increase in the gross
           profit margin.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           –      Enhance competitiveness and achieve rapid growth with BPaaS solution


                  During the Reporting Period, the Company has continued to optimize its BPaaS products,
                  acquired 24 major corporate customers, and rendered BPaaS services to 38 city-as-a-
                  property projects. By virtue of the mode of “software + operation”, the Company promoted
                  the transform of space services from the supply side, creating unique competitiveness of
                  technological service, and providing government and corporate customers with mature process
                  solutions. During the Reporting Period, BPaaS solutions realized revenue of RMB993 million,
                  representing a year-to-year increase of 56.7%.


     3.    Diversified Customers

           During the Reporting Period, the Company’s client matrix became more diversified. Leveraging
           its insights into customer needs, the Company continuously expanded its service capabilities and
           boundaries in corporate services. In 2022, the Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service brand of the
           Company added 24 top 500 companies and unicorn company clients in the fields like new energy
           and high-end manufacturing, achieving breakthroughs in the acquisition of clients from cutting-
           edge industries, and further consolidating its own diversification level and risk resistance capability
           to better serve more customers. The revenue from property and facility management services for the
           year amounted to RMB7.54 billion, representing a year-to-year increase of 42.7%, of which 83.9%
           came from the number of third-party projects, and the revenue contribution accounted for 84.8%.
           The saturated income from new contracts amounted to RMB4.15 billion, representing a year-to-year
           increase of 43.0%, of which 87.7% came from the saturated income from third parties.


           At the same time, the Company continues to improve its ability to tailor services for different industries,
           so as to serve customers in more aspects, such as providing precision specialty device maintenance
           services for tens of factories in the high-end manufacturing industry, and high-end hospitality services
           and other ecology services for customers from the enterprise headquarters. The amount contracted
           for customized services was RMB260 million during the Reporting Period, representing a year-to-year
           increase of over 100%.


     4.    Historical Acquisition Integration

           Growth through historical acquisitions has been one of the major modes of industry development in
           the last few years. The Company has been prudent in historical acquisitions, taking post-investment
           integration and achieving strategic objectives as the preconditions for the implementation of historical
           acquisitions. At present, the Company has set up a systematic post-investment management system to
           create value for the steady operation of the Company continuously.


           Since 2019, after the Company completed the merger and integration of Cushman & Wakefield’s
           property and facility management services business in the Greater China region and established the
           commercial office premises service brand “Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service”, the compound
           growth rate of property and facilities management service revenue has reached 43.2%, maintaining a
           rapid growth.




24   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        In 2021, the Company acquired Fujian Bon Property Group Co., Ltd. ("Bon Property") and Shanghai
        Yango Intelligent Life Service Group Co., Ltd. ("Yango Intelligent"), and then began the work of
        integration. In 2022, the functional integration of the two companies has achieved an efficiency
        increase of more than RMB30 million and achieved an effective improvement in management
        efficiency. The entire integration process achieved “zero loss” of core backbone talents. All the
        residential property projects subordinate to Yango Intelligent have been integrated with Vanke Service
        projects in the management system within the year. In addition to completing the smooth transition of
        brand integration, the Company actively explores the integration of advantages of acquired companies
        to achieve the effect of “1+1>2”. For example, the Company appoints the former general manager
        of Bon Property as the person in charge of the Fuzhou municipal representative office of Onewo,
        and establishes a market partner mechanism to fully absorb and give play to the marketing ability
        advantages of the original team of Bon Property in Fujian Province. The Company learns and optimizes
        the management and operation ability of Bon Property in the low-to-medium fee market, explores to
        provide services for low-cost properties in high-level cities, and enables more users to experience the
        beauty of property management services. At the same time, it integrates the medical management
        property sector of Bon Property and Yango Intelligent to promote the overall efficiency improvement of
        the sector with professional operation.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The Group is divided into three business segments: (i) community space living consumption services; (ii)
commercial and urban space integrated services; and (iii) AIoT and BPaaS solution services.

The following table sets out the details of revenue by business segment and service type as at the dates
indicated:

                                                      For the year ended December 31                  Growth
                                                       2022                       2021                   rate
                                                  RMB’000           %        RMB’000           %           %

Community space living consumption
  services
– Residential property services                 14,810,695        49.2    11,362,630         47.9        30.3
– Home-related asset services                    1,351,341         4.5     1,255,539          5.3         7.6
– Other community value-added services             421,155         1.4       542,856          2.3       (22.4)

Subtotal                                        16,583,191        55.1    13,161,025         55.5        26.0

Commercial and urban space integrated
  services
– Property and facility management services      7,544,896        25.1      5,288,069        22.4        42.7
– Value-added services for developers            2,935,057         9.7      3,065,277        12.9        (4.2)
– Urban space integrated services                  664,256         2.2        339,782         1.4        95.5

Subtotal                                        11,144,209        37.0      8,693,128        36.7        28.2

AIoT and BPaaS solution services
– AIoT solutions                                 1,384,920         4.6      1,216,352         5.1        13.9
– BPaaS solutions                                  993,483         3.3        634,034         2.7        56.7

Subtotal                                         2,378,403         7.9      1,850,386         7.8        28.5

Total                                           30,105,803       100.0    23,704,539        100.0        27.0


                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets out the details of gross profit by business segment and service type as at the dates
     indicated:


                                                                        For the year ended December 31
                                                                        2022                            2021
                                                                                   Gross
                                                                                   profit                           Gross
                                                            Gross profit          margin     Gross profit profit margin
                                                                RMB’000                %        RMB’000                %

     Community space living consumption
         services
     – Residential property services                           1,458,881              9.9      1,265,378             11.1
     – Home-related asset services                               372,390             27.6        380,736             30.3
     – Other community value-added services                      268,007             63.6        438,384             80.8


     Subtotal                                                  2,099,278             12.7      2,084,498             15.8


     Commercial and urban space integrated
         services
     – Property and facility management services                 917,156             12.2        725,527             13.7
     – Value-added services for developers                       408,572             13.9        597,792             19.5
     – Urban space integrated services                            54,424              8.2         59,196             17.4


     Subtotal                                                  1,380,152             12.4      1,382,515             15.9


     AIoT and BPaaS solution services
     – AIoT solutions                                            424,706             30.7        300,718             24.7
     – BPaaS solutions                                           326,614             32.9        252,281             39.8


     Subtotal                                                    751,320             31.6        552,999             29.9


     Total                                                     4,230,750             14.1      4,020,012             17.0


     During the Reporting Period, the Group has been affected to some extent in the business related to
     developers, but has achieved quality growth in the recurring businessNote 2 and technology business, and the
     implementation of the Onewo Town strategy has achieved remarkable results effectiveness.




     Note 2
              Recurring business refers to the residential property management services under the Group’s community space
              living consumption service, the property and facility management business under the commercial and urban space
              integrated services, and the BPaaS solutions business under the AIoT and BPaaS solution services



26   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Scale Growth and Stable Operation of Recurring Business

The Group’s residential property services in community space, property and facility management business
in commercial space, and BPaaS solution business in the technology sector, among others, are recurring
businesses, which have always won recognition of customers with high service quality, with a relatively high
renewal rate. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s “recurring” service revenue achieved significant
growth, reaching RMB23,349.1 million, representing a year-to-year increase of 35.1%, accounting for 77.6%
of the total revenue, resulting in a gross profit of RMB2,702.7 million. Adjusted gross profit was RMB3,229.3
million, representing a year-to-year increase of 36.0%, indicating that profitability has improved.


–      Residential property services

       During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from residential property services was RMB14,810.7
       million, representing an increase of 30.3% as compared to the same period of last year, accounting
       for 49.2% of total revenue. During the Reporting Period, such business brought gross profit of
       RMB1,458.9 million, representing an increase of 15.3% as compared to the same period of last year.
       As such business has won the recognition of customers by its stable, reliable, and high-quality service,
       it has supported the Group to achieve a long-term leading collection rate, and the balance of property
       fees received in advance was RMB3,976.7 million, achieving an advance receipts and receivable ratio
       (the ratio of receipts in advance to accounts receivable) of 4.1 times. As of December 31, 2022, the
       saturated income of residential property service projects under management was RMB22,799.7 million,
       representing a year-to-year increase of 27.7%; the number of residential projects under management
       was 3,446, representing a year-to-year increase of 623. The growth of results is mainly due to the
       Company’s outstanding market expansion ability, especially its deep cultivation ability in the existing
       market.


       The following table sets out the details of the number of the residential projects under management
       and contracts and saturated income as at the dates indicated:


                                                                         For the year ended December 31
                                                                                     2022               2021


       Saturated income from contracts (RMB million)                               28,659             23,881
       Number of contracted projects                                                4,358               3,885
       Saturated income from projects under management (RMB
         million)                                                                  22,800             17,853
       Number of projects under management                                          3,446               2,823




                                                                                  Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           The following table sets forth the number of the residential properties under management and
           contracts, saturated income from projects under management by property developer as at the dates
           indicated, as well as breakdown of income from property management services during the periods
           indicated:


                                                                                   For the year ended December 31
                                                                       2022                                          2021
                                                         Saturated                                     Saturated
                                                      income from                                   income from
                                                           projects                                      projects
                                                             under                       Income            under                 Income
                                                      management      Number of            (RMB     management      Number of      (RMB
                                                      (RMB million)     projects         million)   (RMB million)     projects   million)


           China Vanke Group and its joint ventures
              or associates                                 11,550        1,410            8,050           9,618        1,218     6,932
           Third parties                                    11,250        2,036            6,761           8,235        1,605     4,431


           Total                                            22,800        3,446           14,811          17,853        2,823    11,363


     –     Property and facility management services

           During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from property and facility management services
           was RMB7,544.9 million, representing an increase of 42.7% as compared to the same period of last
           year, accounting for 25.1% of the total revenue. During the Reporting Period, the business generated
           a gross profit of RMB917.2 million, increased by 26.4% as compared to the same period of last year.
           For the year ended December 31, 2022, the saturated income of property and facility management
           service projects under management was RMB11,057.8 million, representing a year-to-year increase
           of 35.5%; the number of property and facility management projects under management was 1,829,
           representing an increase of 264 as compared to last year, among which 747 were commercial property
           management service projects (PM), representing an increase of 92 as compared to last year, and the
           saturated income was RMB5,648.5 million, representing a year-to-year increase of 27.6%; the number
           of comprehensive facility management services projects (FM) was 1,082, representing an increase
           of 172 as compared to last year, and the saturated income was RMB5,409.3 million, representing a
           year-to-year increase of 45.0%. The growth in performance was mainly due to the Company’s deep
           cultivation in customer diversification, as well as its strong competitive advantages in high-net-worth
           projects such as super high-rise and super-large intricate complexes. Although the overall environment
           and economic cycle have affected the payment arrangements of a small portion of customers, the
           Group’s turnover days of accounts receivable for property and facility management service was 55 days
           during the Reporting Period by its enhanced account management.




28   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    The following table sets forth the details of the number of the commercial office projects under
    management and contracts and saturated income as at the dates indicated:


                                                                                              For the year ended December 31
                                                                                                           2022                 2021


    Saturated income from contracts (RMB million)                                                       13,439                  9,647
    Number of contracted projects                                                                         2,133                 1,664
    Saturated income from projects under management (RMB
       million)                                                                                         11,058                  8,158
    Number of projects under management                                                                   1,829                 1,565


    The following table sets forth the number of the commercial office properties under management and
    contracts, saturated income from properties under management by property developers as at the dates
    indicated, as well as breakdown of income from property management services during the periods
    indicated:


                                                                             For the year ended December 31
                                                                2022                                               2021
                                                  Saturated                                        Saturated
                                               income from                                      income from
                                                    projects                                         projects
                                                      under                        Income              under                    Income
                                               management      Number of             (RMB       management        Number of       (RMB
                                               (RMB million)     projects          million)     (RMB million)       projects    million)


    China Vanke Group and its joint ventures
       or associates                                  1,912            295           1,144             1,475              249      891
    Third parties                                     9,146        1,534             6,401             6,683          1,316      4,397


    Total                                            11,058        1,829             7,545             8,158          1,565      5,288


–   BPaaS solutions

    During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from BPaaS solutions was RMB993.5 million,
    representing an increase of 56.7% as compared to the same period of last year, accounting for 3.3%
    of the total revenue. During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the business was RMB326.6
    million. The rapid growth of the business performance is due to the Company’s vigorous promotion of
    enterprise BPaaS services, adding more than ten Fortune Global 500, Fortune China 500 and unicorn
    clients; on the other hand, space BPaaS service have been implemented in 38 city-as-a-property
    projects.




                                                                                                       Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     –     AIoT solutions

           The technology business of the Group performed outstandingly. In addition to the BPaaS solution
           for recurring business, the AIoT solution has also accumulated capabilities and achieved an increase
           in gross profit margin. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from AIoT solutions was
           RMB1,384.9 million, representing an increase of 13.9% as compared to the same period of last year,
           accounting for 4.6% of the total revenue. During the Reporting Period, the business generated a gross
           profit of RMB424.7 million, achieving a gross margin of 30.7%, representing a year-to-year increase in
           gross margin by 6.0 percent. The growth of the performance and profitability of the business mainly
           benefited from the Company’s market development through various channels, the success in packaging
           and sales of more products and solutions, and the vigorous expansion of corporate and government
           customers with strong payment capabilities.


           During the Reporting Period, the Group was also affected by external objective factors, causes certain
           short-term impact on the performance. Among the affected businesses, except for the residence-
           related asset service business, it is expected that the ratio of the other businesses to the Group’s total
           revenue will continue to decrease.


     –     Value-added services for developers

           During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from value-added services for developers was
           RMB2,935.1 million, representing a decrease of 4.2% as compared to the same period of last year,
           accounting for 9.7% of the total revenue; gross profit was RMB408.6 million, representing a year-to-
           year decrease of 31.7%. Due to the low prosperity of the developer industry, the delivery number of
           real estate projects declined, which led to a sharp decline in the revenue from the sales center business
           and initial involvement business. The Group’s future strategy does not focus on the value-added
           businesses for developers as the main development direction. At the same time, in order to reduce
           the uncertainty arising from the impact of the developer’s industry cycle on the business, the Group
           adheres to the customer diversification strategy, providing services to more customers and meet more
           needs of customers, and ensuring the stable development of the Group’s overall business.


     –     Other community value-added services

           During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from other community value-added services
           was RMB421.2 million, representing a decrease of 22.4% as compared to the same period of last
           year, accounting for 1.4% of the total revenue. The main reason for the impact on results was the
           significant decline in carpark space sales services related to home sales. Such business is not the main
           business of the Company. In the future, the ratio of the revenue contributed by such business to the
           total revenue is expected to become smaller, and will therefore have a lower impact on the Group.




30   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


–   Urban space integrated services

    During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from urban space integrated services was RMB664.3
    million, representing an increase of 95.5% as compared to the same period of last year, accounting
    for 2.2% of the total revenue. The urban space integrated services generated a gross profit of
    RMB54.4 million, representing a decrease of 8.1% as compared to the same period of last year,
    and gross profit margin decreased by 9.2 percent as compared to last year. The main reason for the
    impact on profit performance was the fluctuation of demand from customers in various regions. For
    the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group has implemented 84 urban space integrated services
    projects in 36 cities across the country. In terms of urban space integrated services, about 30% of
    the contracts of the Group are undertaken by shareholding or direct engagement, and 70% of the
    contracts are implemented in the form of minority shareholding management. After nearly three years
    of performance comparison, in the future, the Group will be more inclined to operate with a minority
    shareholding management and implement the smart city BPaaS business model.


    The following table sets forth the number of urban services projects by region as at December 31,
    2022:


                                                                                               Number of
    Region                                                                                        projects


    South China                                                                                          50
    East China                                                                                           18
    North China                                                                                           9
    Central China                                                                                         3
    Southwest China                                                                                       3
    Northwest China                                                                                       1


    Total                                                                                                84


–   Home-related asset services

    During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue generated from home-related asset services was
    RMB1,351.3 million, representing an increase of 7.6% as compared to the same period of last year,
    accounting for 4.5% of the total revenue; the gross profit was RMB372.4 million, achieving a stable
    gross profit margin of 27.6%. As a business related to the Company’s Onewo Town strategy, although
    it has been greatly affected by objective factors such as “inability to enter homes (無法入戶)” in 2022,
    the Company will still increase its investment in talent pool and platform construction for this business
    segment, believing that “Onewo Town + Home Renovation and Furnishing” business model will be
    recognized by customers and positively verified by the market with high customer satisfaction, good
    value for money and efficient after-sales service.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     FUTURE OUTLOOK

     •     Accelerating Expansion of Onewo Towns to Change the Industry Model

           Onewo Town is an upgrade of the Group in the property management service provider model of China.
           It is a model for connecting operation of multiple projects by building the self-invested infrastructure,
           which changes the perspective and dimension of traditional operation of residential properties.


           The Group will continue to deepen its density in 3,402 sub-districts by leveraging its capabilities in
           transparent properties, quality services and smart communities, and actively develop high-quality
           projects in the existing market, creating a foundation for the further advancement of the Onewo Town
           strategy.


           In Onewo Towns, the Group will continue to transform the devices and facilities of the projects in
           Onewo Towns to realize smart IoT, and carry out work order-driven process changes to greatly improve
           service efficiency.


           In 2022, the Group has realized the pilot scheme of 38 Onewo Towns, initially verifying the feasibility
           of the strategy. In 2025, the Group is expected to complete the construction of 300 Onewo Towns,
           which will bring about qualitative changes in the property management services industry of China.


     •     Deepen the Service Capacity of Enterprises and Build an Ecosystem Moat

           The Group will focus on the needs of corporate customers other than their main businesses to build
           the service capacity of market segments, including building property management, work environment
           management, energy management, etc. In the future, the Group plans to strategically invest in the
           enterprise services market, including but not limited to administrative service and precision equipment
           maintenance, etc. Through the creation of an upstream and downstream ecosystem, the Group will
           consolidate its moat in the field of enterprise services.


     •     Implementing of Scientific and Technological Capabilities to Reshape Space
           Efficiency

           The Group is transforming from a traditional labor-intensive enterprise to a technology-based
           and knowledge-based enterprise. In the future, the Group will continue to invest in research and
           development to redefine the new track of space technology, complete the packaging and iteration of
           more business solutions, realize landing on multiple new tracks, and finally realize technology-driven
           business and change the efficiency of space services.




32   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     Strengthen Human Resources and Give Full Play to Organizational Dividend

      The Group plans to attract talents with market competitive remuneration, corporate culture of “Service
      (做服務者)”, “Positivity (陽光健康)” and “Champion (永爭第一)” and company reputation, and
      organize regular training by outstanding employees and quality external consultants to strengthen the
      professional pride, service ability and professionalism of employees. At the same time, the Group will
      continue to strengthen the employee incentive mechanism, so that the interests of core employees and
      the Company align. On this basis, the Group will use the proceeds to further bring in scientific and
      technological talents, algorithmic talents and intelligent Internet talents to build the talent cornerstone
      of industrial Internet for the Company.


FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s total revenue was RMB30,105.8 million, representing an
increase of 27.0% as compared to RMB23,704.5 million in 2021. The increase in revenue was mainly due to
the increase in area under management of the Group and the increase in business contracts. Including:


•     Community space living consumption services

      For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s revenue generated from community space living
      consumption services was RMB16,583.2 million, representing an increase of 26.0% as compared to
      RMB13,161.0 million in 2021, primarily due to the increase of properties we manage and clients we
      serve.


•     Commercial and urban space integrated services

      For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s revenue generated from commercial and urban
      space integrated services was RMB11,144.2 million, representing an increase of 28.2% as compared to
      RMB8,693.1 million in 2021, primarily due to the increase in the number of projects we manage and
      the increasing of diversified customers we attract.


•     AIoT and BPaaS solution services

      For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s revenue generated from AIoT and BPaaS solution
      services was RMB2,378.4 million, representing an increase of 28.5% as compared to RMB1,850.4
      million in 2021, primarily due to the increasing of revenue from AIoT solution services in smart
      parks. Besides, we developed new customers from more industries such as commercial services and
      information technology services, which increase the revenue generated from BPaaS solution services.




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Cost of Sales

     The Group’s cost of sales mainly includes operating costs, depreciation and amortization. Operating cost
     include (i) subcontracting costs; (ii) staff costs; (iii) common area facility costs; (iv) engineering costs; (v) office
     and other related costs. Depreciation and amortization are mainly comprised of the amortization of customer
     relationship resulted from our historical acquisitions.


     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total cost of the Group was RMB25,875.1 million, representing
     an increase of 31.4% as compared to RMB19,684.5 million in 2021. The increase in costs was mainly
     comprised of an increase in operating costs resulting from the business expansion of the Group, an increase
     in amortization of customer relationship resulting from historical acquisitions and an increase in cost resulting
     from the impact of external objective factors.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s gross profit was RMB4,230.8 million, representing an
     increase of 5.2% as compared to RMB4,020.0 million in 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the
     Group’s gross profit margin was 14.1%, representing a decrease of 2.9 percent as compared to 17.0% in
     2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the adjusted gross profit marginNote 3 was 15.9%, representing
     a decrease of 1.8 percent as compared to the adjusted gross profit margin in 2021, mainly because the gross
     profit margin of home-related asset services and value-added services for developers declined as affected by
     external objective factors and the economic environment.


     •        Community space living consumption services

              For the year ended December 31, 2022, the adjusted gross profit margin of the Group’s community
              space living consumption services was 14.3%, of which the adjusted gross profit margin of residential
              property services was 11.6%, same as last year. Due to the impact of external objective factors and
              economic environment, the gross profit margin of home-related asset services and other community
              value-added services decreased.


     •        Commercial and urban space integrated services

              For the year ended December 31, 2022, the adjusted gross profit margin of the Group’s commercial
              and urban space integrated services was 14.9%, of which the adjusted gross profit margin of property
              and facility management services was 15.5%, representing an increase of 0.3 percent as compared
              to last year. The adjusted gross profit margin of value-added services for developers was 15.0%,
              representing a decrease of 6.2 percent as compared to last year. The adjusted gross profit margin
              of urban space integrated services was 8.6%. Compared to the urban space integrated services
              provided and the smart city BPaaS implemented by our joint ventures through minority shareholding
              management, services provided through direct engagement model has a lower gross profit margin.




     Note 3
              Adjusted gross profit margin represents to the gross margin calculated after excluding the amortization of intangible
              assets – customer relationship resulting from the historical acquisition



34   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•        AIoT and BPaaS solution services

         For the year ended December 31, 2022, the gross profit margin of the Group’s AIoT and BPaaS solution
         services was 31.6%, representing an increase of 1.7 percent as compared to last year, mainly due to
         the Group’s continued efforts to optimize the diversified services of our AIoT and BPaaS solutions.
         The gross profit margin of AIoT solution services was 30.7%, while the gross profit margin of BPaaS
         solution services was 32.9%.


Other Income and Gains

The Group’s other income and gains increased by 44.7% from RMB394.4 million in the year ending December
31, 2021 to RMB570.6 million in the same period in 2022. The increase was mainly resulted from the gain on
remeasurement of the previously held interest in an associate.


Selling and Distribution Expenses

The Group’s selling and distribution expenses increased by 75.1% from RMB257.2 million in 2021 to
RMB450.3 million in the same period in 2022. The increase was mainly due to the increase of marketing
expenses incurred to maintain revenue growth against the backdrop of unfavorable market conditions, and
entrance of new cities and new industries.


Administrative Expenses

The Group’s administrative expenses increased by 20.2% from RMB1,791.8 million in 2021 to RMB2,153.5
million in the same period in 2022, mainly due to the increase in staff costs as a result of business
expansion as well as the increased investment in research & development expenses, while the percentage
of administrative expenses to total revenue decreased by 0.4 percent to 7.2% in 2022 as a result of the
integration of historical acquisitions and the improvement in management efficiency.


Income Tax Expenses

The Group’s income tax expenses decreased by 28.2% from RMB605.7 million in 2021 to RMB434.7 million
in the same period in 2022, mainly because the gain on remeasurement of the previously held interest in an
associate is not subject to tax in accordance with PRC tax laws, and some entities are entitled to preferential
tax policies, the effective tax rate was close to the statutory rate after excluding the effect of such one-time
items.


Profit for the Year

The Group’s profit for the year decreased by 7.5% from RMB1,714.3 million in 2021 to RMB1,586.1 million
in 2022. The Group’s EBITDA increased by 7.6% from RMB2,640.3 million in 2021 to RMB2,840.6 million
in 2022. The Group's core net profitNote 4 increased by 8.1% from RMB1,887.7 million in the year ended
December 31, 2021 to RMB2,041.0 million in the same period in 2022.

Note 4
         Core net profits represents to the net profit calculated after excluding the amortization of intangible
         assets – customer relationship resulting from the historical acquisition and the effect of related deferred taxes


                                                                                         Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Non-IFRS Measures

     The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the Group’s EBITDA and the statements prepared in
     accordance with IFRS for the periods indicated:


                                                                                       2022                 2021
                                                                               RMB million           RMB million


     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                                 2,021               2,320


     Finance costs                                                                        11                   10
     Interest income                                                                     (46)                 (85)
     Depreciation and amortization                                                       855                 395


     EBITDA                                                                            2,841               2,640


     To supplement the Group’s IFRS consolidated financial statements, the Group also use non-IFRS EBITDA, as an
     additional financial indicator. The Group believes such non-IFRS financial measure can eliminate the potential
     financial impact of events that have little relevance to ordinary course of business and cannot accurately and
     completely reflect operating performance, including the amortization of customer relationships arising from
     acquisitions. The use of this measure is helpful in comparing the operating performance of each period. The
     Group believes that the measure provides useful information to investors and others, in order to understand
     and evaluate the Group’s results of business performance. The definition of this non-IFRS measure may differ
     from similar terms used by other companies.




36   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Intangible Assets

The Group’s intangible assets mainly include customer relationships and goodwill acquired in historical
acquisitions. The Group’s intangible assets increased from RMB8,244.1 million as of December 31, 2021 to
RMB8,507.0 million as of December 31, 2022, mainly due to the customer relationship recognized by the
historical acquisition of companies during the Period of RMB831.9 million, while the amortization of customer
relationships brought by historical acquisitions increased from RMB193.0 million in the year ended December
31, 2021 to RMB567.5 million in 2022 because of the historical acquisitions of Yango Intelligent and Bon
Property.


Liquidity and Financial Resource

Cash position

As of December 31, 2022, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB13,345.1 million, which primarily
represent the proceeds from the Global Offering and net operating cash flow during the year. As of December
31, 2021, the cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB6,430.6 million.


The Group has adopted prudent capital management policies and conducted effective financial capital
management under centralized management to sustain appropriate and sufficient levels of cash and bank
balances.


Loans and net gearing ratio

As of December 31, 2022, the Group had no bank loans or borrowings and therefore had a net cash position.
Net gearing ratio is calculated as our total interest-bearing borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents
divided by total equity as of the end of the relevant period and multiplied by 100%. Accordingly, net gearing
ratio is not applicable to the Group as of December 31, 2022.


Contingent Liabilities

As of December 31, 2022, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


Pledge of Asset

As of December 31, 2022, the Group had no pledge of assets.


Foreign currency risk

As the Group’s business is mainly conducted in the PRC, we mainly adopt RMB as the settlement currency.


As of December 31, 2022, non-RMB assets are cash and cash equivalents, including HKD-denominated assets
(worth RMB133.5 million) and USD-denominated assets (worth RMB5.4 million), mainly from the proceeds
from the Global Offering. As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk was
limited and fluctuation of the exchange rate between RMB and foreign currency had no significant impact
on the results of operations of Group. The Group will continue to monitor its foreign exchange risk and take
prudent measures to mitigate the potential risk of exchange rate fluctuations.



                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    37
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Zhu Baoquan (朱保全), aged 48, has been serving as the general manager of our Company since May
     2010 and a director, the chairman and the general manager of our Company since February 2011 and was re-
     designated as our executive Director on March 2, 2022.


     Mr. Zhu has extensive experience in real estate and property management industry and is committed to the
     digital transformation of the industry. He has over 10 years of large enterprise management experience. Mr.
     Zhu successively served in various positions in China Vanke since April 1999, including a human resource
     department manager of Beijing Vanke Co., Ltd., a customer service center manager, the general manager
     assistant in Chengdu Vanke Real Estate Co., Ltd., the deputy director and director of the general office of
     China Vanke Group, an administration director of China Vanke Group, the general manager in Nanjing Vanke
     Real Estate Co., Ltd., a vice president and a senior vice president of China Vanke Group.


     Mr. Zhu graduated from East China University of Technology (華東工業大學) (now known as University of
     Shanghai for Science and Technology (上海理工大學)) in the PRC in July 1994 and obtained his bachelor’s
     degree in Systems Engineering. He graduated from China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工
     商學院) in the PRC with his master’s degree in Business Administration in October 2013. Mr. Zhu obtained
     his doctorate degree in Business Administration jointly offered by Guanghua School of Management, Peking
     University (北京大學光華管理學院) and Faculty of Business and Economics, The University of Hong Kong (香港
     大學經管學院) in November 2022.


     Mr. He Shuhua (何曙華), aged 48, has been serving as a director of our Company since January 2016 and
     was re-designated as our executive Director on March 2, 2022. He also serves as the chief marketing officer
     and the chief partner of government and enterprise clients service center (政府及企業客戶服務中心) of the
     Company and is in charge of our urban space integrated services.


     Mr. He has over 20 years of extensive experience in property management industry. After joining our
     Company in April 1998, Mr. He consecutively served in multiple positions within our Company, including a
     property project management manager of Shenzhen Vanke Service Co., Ltd., the executive deputy general
     manager of Beijing Vanke Service Co., Ltd., the general manager of Wuhan region, the general manager of
     Guangzhou region and the chief executive officer of enterprise service division of Vanke Service.


     Mr. He also served as a manager of Property Management Department in China Vanke from April 2003
     to April 2006, a director of customer in Zhongshan Vanke Real Estate Co., Ltd. and Zhuhai Vanke Real
     Estate Co., Ltd. from March 2007 to December 2008 and was primarily responsible for client relationship
     management.


     Mr. He obtained his college degree in Real Estate Operation and Management from Nanchang University (南
     昌大學) in the PRC in July 1995 and his master’s degree in Project Management from Wuhan University (武
     漢大學) in the PRC in June 2013. He has been studying at China Europe International Business School in the
     PRC since April 2021. Mr. He obtained a Property Manager Professional Qualification (物業管理師) issued by
     Professional Title Reform Leading Group of Hubei Province (湖北省職稱改革工作領導小組) in September 2011.



38   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                 DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                      MANAGEMENT
Non-executive Directors

Mr. Wang Wenjin (王文金), aged 56, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Wang has been a
director of our Company since February 2017 and was re-designated as our non-executive Director on March
2, 2022. Mr. Wang provides guidance for the operations of the Company from various aspects.


After joining China Vanke in November 1993, Mr. Wang successively served as a general manager of the
finance department, the finance controller, the chief financial officer, the chief risk officer, an executive vice
president and executive director. He also served as a non-executive director of Vanke Overseas Investment
Holding Company Limited (formerly known as Vanke Property (Overseas) Limited, a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange; stock code: 1036) from July 2012 to March 2015. Mr. Wang serves in various
directorships and management positions in several subsidiaries of China Vanke currently, including the
chairperson and the general manager of Shenzhen Yingda Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市
盈達投資基金管理有限公司), a subsidiary of China Vanke. Mr. Wang has been a non-executive director of
Huishang Bank Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 3698)
since December 2018. In addition, he currently serves as a supervisor of China State-owned Enterprise Mixed
Ownership Reform Fund Co., Ltd. (中國國有企業混合所有制改革基金有限公司).


Mr. Wang graduated from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學) in the PRC with
a master’s degree in June 1994 and he is a certified public accountant (non-practicing member) in the PRC
granted by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants in August 1998.


Mr. Zhang Xu (張旭), aged 59, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Zhang has been a director
of our Company since January 2016 and was re-designated as our non-executive Director on March 2, 2022.
Mr. Zhang is primarily responsible for the provision of guidance for the overall development of the Company.


After joining China Vanke in November 2002, Mr. Zhang successively served as an executive deputy general
manager and the general manager of Wuhan Vanke Real Estate Co., Ltd. (武漢市萬科房地產有限公司),
primarily responsible for development and operation of real estate projects; and a vice president of China
Vanke, primarily responsible for strategy, investment, marketing, operation and management of overseas
business. He served as an executive director of China Vanke from June 2017 to June 2020. He was also
appointed as an executive director of Vanke Overseas Investment Holding Company Limited (萬科海外投資控
股有限公司) in July 2012 and the chairman in February 2019, and resigned as the chairman and an executive
director in November 2021.


Mr. Zhang serves as the chairperson and general manager of Vanke Logistics Development Co., Ltd. currently,
and is primarily responsible for overall business development planning. He served as a non-executive and non-
independent director of Banyan Tree Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange,
stock code: B58.SG) from September 2017 to November 2020. He has also been a director of GLP Holdings
Limited since January 2018 and a director of CMC Inc. (華人文化有限責任公司) since December 2017.


Mr. Zhang graduated from Hefei Industrial University (合肥工業大學) in the PRC with a bachelor’s degree in
Industrial and Civil Architecture in August 1984 and obtained a master’s degree in Business Administration
from Troy State University (currently known as Troy University) in the United States in June 2001.




                                                                                   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     39
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Sun Jia (孫嘉), aged 45, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Sun has been a director of our
     Company since January 2018 and was re-designated as our non-executive Director on March 2, 2022. Mr. Sun
     is primarily responsible for the provision of guidance for the overall development of the Company.


     After joining China Vanke in July 2007, Mr. Sun consecutively served as a deputy general manager and the
     general manager of China Vanke’s strategy and investment management department from July 2007 to
     January 2010, and he was appointed as the general manager of Xi’an Vanke Co., Ltd. in 2010. He served as
     the general manager of Shanghai Vanke Co., Ltd. from January 2012 to March 2016 and was appointed as a
     vice president of China Vanke in 2015. He was appointed as an executive vice president, the head of finance
     and the chief financial officer of China Vanke in March 2016. Mr. Sun currently serves as the chairperson
     of Shenzhen Vanke Development Co., Ltd, the chief executive officer and the chief partner of the Southern
     regional business group of China Vanke. He also has been serving as the chairman and an executive director
     of Vanke Overseas Investment Holding Company Limited since November 2021, responsible for overall
     operation, strategy and development planning.


     Mr. Sun graduated from the School of Economics, Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC with a bachelor’s
     degree in July 2001. In June 2007, he graduated from Harvard Business School in the United States with a
     master’s degree in Business Administration.




40   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                 DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                      MANAGEMENT
Mr. Zhou Qi (周奇), aged 42, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Zhou has been a director of
our Company since February 2017 and was re-designated as our non-executive Director on March 2, 2022.
Mr. Zhou is primarily responsible for the provision of guidance for the overall development of the Company.


Mr. Zhou joined Boyu Capital (博裕投資) in March 2011 and currently is a partner of Boyu Capital, and he
has been a director of the board of Sichuan Langjiu Group Co., Ltd. (四川郎酒股份有限公司) since April 2017.
He was appointed as a director of COFCO Joycome Foods Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange; stock code: 1610) in May 2014 and was designated as a non-executive director in May 2016, and
resigned in July 2021. Mr. Zhou also was a director of the board of Shenzhen Yuying Property Service Co.,
Ltd. (深圳市譽鷹物業服務有限公司) from June 2017 to September 2021.


Before joining Boyu Capital, Mr. Zhou consecutively served as an analyst and associate at Goldman Sachs (Asia)
L.L.C. in Hong Kong and one of its affiliates in Beijing from July 2005 to April 2011.


Mr. Zhou graduated from School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University (清華大學) in the PRC
with a bachelor’s degree in July 2003, a master’s degree in July 2005 and earned his Executive Master of
Business Administrative degree from Tsinghua University in January 2022.


Mr. Yao Jinbo (姚勁波), aged 46, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Yao has been a director
of our Company since February 2017 and was re-designated as our non-executive Director on March 2, 2022.
Mr. Yao is primarily responsible for the provision of guidance for the overall development of the Company.


Mr. Yao was a co-founder of Beijing XueDa Education Consulting Co., Ltd. (“XueDa”, 學大教育科技(北京)
有限公司) and worked at XueDa from September 2001 to November 2005. Mr. Yao founded Beijing 58
Information Technology Co., Ltd. (北京五八信息技術有限公司) in December 2005 and has been its chief
executive officer. Mr. Yao is the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of 58.com Inc. (a company
previously listed on the NYSE and delisted on September 18, 2020). He is also an independent director
of Cheetah Mobile Inc. (a company listed on the NYSE; stock code: CMCM) since December 2017 and an
independent director of Noah Holdings Limited (a company listed on the NYSE; stock code: NOAH) since
November 2014.


Mr. Yao graduated from Ocean University of China (中國海洋大學) with a bachelor’s degree in Computer
Science and Marine Chemistry in July 1999.




                                                                                  Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   41
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT
     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Ms. Law Elizabeth, MH, JP (羅君美), aged 68, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of
     our Company with effect from September 29, 2022. She is primarily responsible for providing independent
     advice on the operations and management of our Company.


     Ms. Law was employed as an auditor at Richter Usher & Vineberg, an accounting firm, in Montreal, Canada
     from September 1976 to May 1982. Ms. Law is a council member of the Society of Chinese Accountants and
     Auditors and served as its president in 1993. Ms. Law has been the director of Law & Partners CPA Limited
     since 2004, a partner of Stephen Law & Company, Certified Public Accountants since 1984.


     Ms. Law also serves as an independent non-executive director in the following listed companies:


                                                                    Listing venue and
     Period of service    Name of Company                           stock code                 Principal business


     Since April 2023     Starlite Holdings Limited                 Hong Kong Stock Exchange Investment holding company, of which
                            (星光集團有限公司)                                (stock code: 403)          subsidiaries are principally engaged in printing
                                                                                                 and manufacturing packaging materials,
                                                                                                 labels and paper products, including
                                                                                                 environmental protection paper products
     Since August 2017    The Wharf (Holdings) Limited              Hong Kong Stock Exchange Investment properties, hotels and development
                            (九龍倉集團有限公司)                               (stock code: 0004)         properties in Hong Kong and mainland China
     Since October 2016   Clifford Modern Living Holdings Limited   Hong Kong Stock Exchange Provision of property management services,
                            (祈福生活服務控股有限公司)                            (stock code: 3686)         renovation and fitting-out services, retail
                                                                                                 services, off-campus training services and
                                                                                                 information technology services
     Since November 2011 Sunwah Kingsway Capital Holdings Limited Hong Kong Stock Exchange Investment holding company principally engaged
                            (新華匯富金融控股有限公司)                            (stock code: 0188)         in financial businesses

     Ms. Law obtained her bachelor’s degree in Commerce (majored in Accounting) from McGill University in
     Canada in May 1976, and completed her diploma of Accountancy in McGill University in May 1978. She
     became a chartered accountant in Canada in June 1979, an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants in May 1982. Ms. Law has been admitted as a member of The Institute of Chartered
     Accountants in England and Wales since February 2006, and was admitted as a fellow of The Institute of
     Chartered Accountants in England and Wales in August 2019 and a fellow certified public accountant in
     Australia in November 2009. She has been a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     since December 1991, a fellow of The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong since April 2003, and a chartered
     professional accountant in Canada since November 2012. She also completed the independent director
     training session held by CSRC and Tsinghua University in May 2002.


     Ms. Law was the founding president of the Association of Women Accountants (Hong Kong) Ltd. and has
     been appointed as the honorary founding president since June 2008. Ms. Law was a member of the Ninth,
     Tenth and Eleventh Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference Guangdong Committee (第九、十及十
     一屆中國人民政治協商會議廣東省委員會委員) and was awarded the Medal of Honour in Hong Kong in July
     2006, the Justice of the Peace in Hong Kong in July 2009.


42   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                 DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                      MANAGEMENT
Mr. Chen Yuyu (陳玉宇), aged 52, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Company
with effect from September 29, 2022. He is primarily responsible for providing independent advice on the
operations and management of our Company.


In September 2003, Mr. Chen joined the Department of Applied Economics, Guanghua School of
Management, Peking University (北京大學光華管理學院應用經濟系) and has successively served as a lecturer,
an associate professor, and a professor since then. Mr. Chen currently serves as the director of the Institute of
Economic Policy at Peking University (北京大學經濟政策研究所).


Since June 2017, Mr. Chen has been appointed as an independent director of Guangdong Xinhui Meida Nylon
Company Limited (廣東新會美達錦綸股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock
code: 000782). Mr. Chen served as an independent director of Zhanjiang Guolian Aquatic Products Co., Ltd.
(湛江國聯水產開發股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300094)
from November 2019 to January 2021. He also served as an external director of Haode Technology Co., Ltd.
(浩德科技股份有限公司) since February 2016 and an independent director of Meizhou Hakka Bank Co., Ltd.
(梅州客商銀行股份有限公司) since August 2017.


Mr. Chen obtained his bachelor’s degree in economics from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July
1994. He then obtained his doctorate degree in economics from the Australian National University (澳大利亞
國立大學) in Australia in September 2003.


Mr. Chen was granted The National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars (國家傑出青年科學基金)
in 2014, and he was recognized as the Fellow of Chang Jiang Scholars Program (長江學者特聘教授) in April
2017.


Mr. Shen Haipeng (沈海鵬), aged 46, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our
Company with effect from September 29, 2022. He is primarily responsible for providing independent advice
on the operations and management of our Company.


Mr. Shen has been serving as the associate dean of the Faculty of Business and Economics of the University of
Hong Kong and oversees the university’s Executive Education program (高層管理教育項目) since September
2017.




                                                                                  Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     43
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Shen was an assistant professor from July 2003 to June 2009, a tenured associate professor from July
     2009 to June 2014, and a tenured professor from July 2014 to August 2015 at the Department of Statistics
     and Operations Research at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, United States.


     Since July 2018, Mr. Shen has been an independent director of Chow Tai Seng Jewellery Company Limited (周
     大生珠寶股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002867). Mr. Shen
     served as an independent non-executive director of IntelliCentrics Global Holdings Ltd. (中智全球控股有限
     公司), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 6819) from March 2019 to January
     2020.


     Mr. Shen obtained his bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in
     July 1998. Mr. Shen then obtained his master’s degree in Art and his doctorate degree in Philosophy from
     the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, United States, in August 2000 and August 2003,
     respectively.


     Mr. Shen was granted the Outstanding Teaching Award by The University of Hong Kong Business School and
     Guanghua School of Management of Peking University in December 2020.


     Mr. Song Yunfeng (宋雲鋒), aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our
     Company with effect from September 29, 2022. He is primarily responsible for providing independent advices
     on the operations and management of our Company.


     Mr. Song has been an attorney of Beijing Dentons Law Offices, LLP (北京大成律師事務所) since December
     2004, and is a senior partner of the firm. He has also been an independent director of Beijing Hotgen
     Biotech Co., Ltd. (北京熱景生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 688068) since July 2022. Prior to that, he was a civil servant from December 1995 to July 2004 at
     Foreign Affairs Office and the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office of the People’s Government of Beijing
     Municipality (北京市人民政府外事辦公室及港澳事務辦公室) and was primarily responsible for administrative
     service. He served as a teacher at School of Literature, Capital Normal University (首都師範大學) from July
     1993 to December 1995 and was responsible for education and administration affairs.


     Mr. Song obtained his bachelor’s degree in Chinese Literature from Capital Normal University in the PRC in
     July 1993, and his master’s degree in Law from School of Law, Peking University in the PRC in June 2004. Mr.
     Song further completed the EMBA program in Guanghua School of Management, Peking University in January
     2012. Mr. Song obtained his doctorate degree in Business Administration jointly offered by Guanghua School
     of Management, Peking University (北京大學光華管理學院) and HKU Business School (香港大學經管學院) in
     November 2022.


     Mr. Song obtained his PRC Legal Professional Qualification Certificate issued by the PRC Ministry of Justice in
     2004 and was qualified as an attorney by the Beijing Justice Bureau in 2005.




44   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                 DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                      MANAGEMENT
SUPERVISORS

Ms. Xiang Yun (向雲), aged 55, is the chairperson of our Supervisory Committee. Ms. Xiang has served as a
Supervisor of our Company since January 2016, and has been serving as the general consultant of audit and
internal control of our Company since March 2018. She is primarily responsible for supervising the audit and
internal control of our Company.

After joining our Company in May 1994, Ms. Xiang served in various positions, including an office director
in Shenzhen branch, a manager of quality management and an assistant general manager from May 1994 to
September 2000. She successively served as a deputy general manager of property management department
and the general manager of property services management department in China Vanke from October 2000 to
January 2009, and served as an assistant general manager of our Company from February 2009 to February
2018.

Ms. Xiang graduated from Jianghan University (江漢大學) with a college degree in Business and Economics
Management in the PRC in July 1988, and obtained her master’s degree in Business Administration from Asia
International Open University (Macau) (now known as City University of Macau) in Macau in May 2001.

Ms. Han Huihua (韓慧華), aged 40, is a shareholder representative supervisor. Ms. Han has served as a
supervisor of our Company since January 2018. She is primarily responsible for supervising financial matters
and the directors and senior management of our Company. Ms. Han is currently an executive vice president
and the head of finance of China Vanke.

Ms. Han joined China Vanke in 2008, and successively held positions of a business manager, the assistant
general manager and the deputy general manager of the finance and internal control department, and the
partner of the financial management function in the management center of China Vanke.

Ms. Han obtained her bachelor’s degree in Administration from University of Science and Technology of
China (中國科學技術大學) in the PRC in July 2003, and her master’s degree in Administration (majored in
accounting) from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics (江西財經大學) in January 2008. She obtained
the Certified Public Accountant certificate granted by Certified Public Accountant Examination Board of
Ministry of Finance of the PRC (中國財政部註冊會計師考試委員會) in January 2007.

Mr. Wu Jianxia (吳劍俠), aged 41, is an employee representative Supervisor. Mr. Wu has served as an
employee representative Supervisor since February 2021. He has been the leader of Zhizhi Xueshe (知之學社)
since January 2020, and is primarily responsible for supervising the talent development, training, corporate
culture, staff relations, anti-corruption supervision and environmental, social and corporate governance
("ESG") affairs of our Company.

After joining our Company in July 2013, Mr. Wu served in various positions including as an assistant director
of the planning and development department, the director of the planning and development department,
the chief partner of the Zhuzher Workshop (住這兒工作室) and the general manager of the long-term rental
service development center.

Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Wu served as a staff of group general office at China Vanke from July 2005
to December 2008.

Mr. Wu obtained his bachelor’s degree in Marketing from Zhejiang University in the PRC in June 2005.




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    45
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Zhu Baoquan (朱保全), aged 48. For his biography, please refer to the sub-section “－Directors” above.


     Mr. He Shuhua (何曙華), aged 48. For his biography, please refer to the sub-section “－Directors” above.


     Mr. Zou Ming (鄒明), aged 49, has been serving as the deputy general manager of our Company since
     January 2021, primarily responsible for the human resources management of the Company.


     After joining our Company in February 2001, Mr. Zou consecutively served in multiple positions within our
     Company, including an executive of human resources of Shenzhen Vanke Service Co., Ltd., an assistant
     manager in human resources department, a deputy general manager of Shanghai Vanke Service Co., Ltd., the
     director of the planning and development department, a deputy general manager of Beijing Vanke Service
     Co., Ltd., the general manager of Tianjin Vanke Property Service Co., Ltd., the general manager of residential
     projects operation center Beijing region, the general manager of North China region and the head of human
     resource of our Company. In addition, Mr. Zou worked as a human resource manager in China Vanke from
     February 2004 to January 2009.


     Mr. Zou obtained his bachelor’s degree in Power Systems and Automation from Southeast University (東南大
     學) in the PRC in June 1996.


     Mr. Yang Guanghui (楊光輝), aged 51, has been serving as the deputy general manager, the chief customer
     services officer of our Company since March 2021 and the chief partner of Vanke Service business unit (“BU”)
     since January 2022. Mr. Yang is primarily responsible for operation and management of our Company’s
     residential property service (Vanke Service).


     Mr. Yang has over 20 years of experience in the property management industry. After joining our Company
     in April 1997, Mr. Yang consecutively served in multiple positions within our Company, including an
     environment executive, a quality executive, a quality manager, a business supervision manager, the general
     manager of Hangzhou Vanke Property Service Co., Ltd., the general manager of residential projects operation
     center Shanghai region, the general manager of Shanghai Vanke Service Co., Ltd., the chairman of Zhejiang
     Yaojiang Real Estate Management Co., Ltd. (浙江耀江物業管理有限公司), a leading partner of East China
     region and the chief customer services officer.


     Mr. Yang obtained his bachelor’s degree in Landscape Architecture from the Inner Mongolia Forestry College
     (內蒙古林學院) (now known as the Inner Mongolia Agricultural University (內蒙古農業大學)) in the PRC in July
     1994. Mr. Yang obtained the Special Award for the Executive Officer of 2019 granted by our Company, the
     Industry Contribution Award granted by Shanghai Property Management Association in November 2019 and
     was elected as the vice president of the sixth Council of Shanghai Property Management Association in July
     2020.




46   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                  DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                       MANAGEMENT
Mr. Li Qingping (李慶平), aged 44, has been Chief Investment Officer of our Company since January 2019
and Chairman of Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service since January 2020. Mr. Li is primarily responsible for
the Company’s mergers and acquisitions, investment activities, post-investment management and operation,
new business incubation related matters. He directly oversees investment and innovation development center
of the Company, Xiangying Enterprise Service, Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service, Yuying platform and
Onewo growth capital. Mr. Li served as Chief Financial Officer of our company from September 2016 to
January 2019.


Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Li served as a vice president of China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd. (中國
民生信託有限公司) from March 2013 to September 2016, where he had senior leadership responsibility
successively for investment banking department and real estate investment department. He also served as a
director and the general manager of Minsheng Capital Investment Management Co., Ltd. (民生資本投資管
理有限公司) from February 2016 to June 2017. Previously, from April 2011 to March 2013, Mr. Li served as
a vice president of CITICPE (中信產業基金), where he was primarily responsible for multi-strategy mezzanine
investment. Earlier, starting from October 2004 to April 2011, Mr. Li served in various leadership positions, in
China Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co. Ltd. (中國對外經濟貿易信託有限公司), a subsidiary of Sinochem
Group Co., Ltd., including the general manager of auditing & legal department, transaction department, and
investment management department. He was later appointed as a general manager assistant, and began to
have an executive oversight of real estate trust department and Shanghai headquarter.


Mr. Li obtained his Bachelor of Science degree from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) in the
PRC in July 2000, and Master of Economics in Finance from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July
2006. He obtained his master’s degree in Business and Administration from China Europe International
Business School in October 2013. From November 2018 to November 2019, he was selected to study at
Hillhouse Value Investing Institute (高禮價值投資研究院), and he has been studying at TencentX Industrial
Academy (北大 － 青騰未來產業學堂) since June 2021. Mr. Li was awarded the Gold Robin Medal, our
Company’s top honor, in January 2020 and the 2019 Group Gold Award of China Vanke.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Huang Min (黃旻), aged 33, was appointed as our joint company secretary of the Company on March 1,
2022. Mr. Huang joined our Company in June 2014 and serves as a partner of the planning and development
department currently, and primarily responsible for strategy research, strategy operation management and
investor relations related affairs.


Mr. Huang successively served as a financial management director, an investor relations director, a partner
of strategy mergers and acquisitions and a partner of the planning and development department of our
Company since joining in June 2014. In addition, Mr. Huang also serves in directorship of the companies in
which our Company invested, a director of Shenzhen Wanyu Security Service Technology Co., Ltd. (深圳市萬
御安防服務科技有限公司) since November 2019. Prior to joining our Company, from July 2012 to June 2014,
Mr. Huang served in Huarun Power Wind Power (Shantou) Co., Ltd. (華潤電力風能(汕頭)有限公司).


Mr. Huang obtained his bachelor’s degree in Financial Management from Xiamen University in the PRC in July
2012.




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     47
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT
     Ms. Ng Wai Kam (伍偉琴), was appointed as our joint company secretary of the Company on March 1,
     2022. Ms. Ng is a manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services
     provider specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Ng has over 10 years of
     experience in the corporate secretarial field. She has been providing professional corporate services to Hong
     Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore companies.


     Ms. Ng is currently the company secretary/joint company secretary of listed companies on the Stock Exchange,
     namely, Hebei Yichen Industrial Group Corporation Limited (河北翼辰實業集團股份有限公司; stock code:
     1596), Genertec Universal Medical Group Company Limited (通用環球醫療集團有限公司; stock code: 2666)
     and Mega Genomics Limited (美因基因有限公司; stock code: 6667).


     Ms. Ng is an Associate of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong
     Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom. Ms.
     Ng obtained her bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Hong Kong Shue Yan University in July
     2011.




     *       For your identification



48   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                    REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors hereby presents to the Shareholders the report of the Board of Directors for the year
ended December 31, 2022.


CORPORATE INFORMATION
The Company was incorporated in the PRC on February 20, 2001 and was converted into a joint stock limited
company on March 20, 2018. The shares of the Company were listed on the Stock Exchange on September
29, 2022.


The basic information of the Company is set out on pages 17 to 18 in the “Corporate Information” of this
report.


SHARE CAPITAL
As at the date of this annual report, the Company’s issued Shares was 1,178,468,700 Shares. Details of the
Company’s share capital during the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in note 31 to the consolidated
financial statements.


PRINCIPAL BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS
The Company is a leading property management service provider in China that has effected improvements in
the industry over the past three decades. 32 years ago, we kick-started our journey with the simple purpose
of pursuing excellent property management services for more people – a purpose which still guides the way
we do business in a highly competitive and fragmented sector today. Drawing on our brand strength and
service quality, we have expanded our business beyond property management services and become a leading
service provider with a growth model built upon the synergy of businesses across community, commercial and
urban spaces, serving a diverse array of properties such as residential communities, workspaces and public
premises, and a broad customer base covering property owners, corporate and other institutional clients.
Leveraging R&D investments, we have developed AIoT and BPaaS solutions aiming to digitalize workflows,
mobilize resources and improve efficiency of the spaces we serve. As our service offerings intertwine and
further integrate with purpose-built technologies, we become well-prepared to achieve economies of scale
and capture adjacent opportunities. In terms of geographic focus, we strive to provide quality services to
customers in high-tier cities with strong economic fundamentals.


Details of the names, principal places of business, countries of incorporation and issued share capital of
the Group’s principal subsidiaries are set forth in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, there was no material change in the nature of the principal business of the
Group. As at the date of this annual report, the Board of Directors had no intention to substantially change
the principal business of the Group.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    49
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A review of the Group’s businesses for the year and a discussion on their future development are set forth in
     the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis”. An analysis of the
     Group’s performance for the year using key financial performance indicators is set forth in the section headed
     “Management Discussion and Analysis”. The Group had no significant events taking place during the period
     from the financial year-end falling on December 31, 2022 to the date of this annual report.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
     During the year ended December 31, 2022 to the date of this annual report, the Group had not made any
     significant investments, acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


     In addition, save as the plans disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the
     Prospectus, the Group has no specific plans to make significant investments or acquire material capital assets.
     However, the Group will continue to seek new opportunities for business development in accordance with
     the Company’s strategy. For further details, please refer to the section headed “Future Plans and Use of
     Proceeds” in the Prospectus.


     USE OF NET PROCEEDS RAISED FROM IPO AND OVER-
     ALLOTMENT OPTION
     The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing date
     by way of Global Offering. The net proceeds from the Global Offering received by the Company (after the
     full exercise of the Over-allotment Option in part) was approximately RMB5,617.2 million, after deduction
     of underwriting commissions and other related expenses payable by the Company in connection with the
     exercise of the Over-allotment Option.

     The proceeds from the Global Offering will continue to be utilized in accordance with the plans disclosed in
     the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus. The following table sets forth a
     breakdown of the utilization and proposed utilization of the net proceeds as at December 31, 2022:




50   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                        REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


                                                                                    Amount
                                                             Net proceeds     utilized as of                           Expected
                                           Percentage of      disclosed in   December 31,                          timetable for
                                            total amount   the Prospectus              2022         Balance          the full use
Items                                     (Approximate)     (RMB million)    (RMB million)     (RMB million)      of the balance

Financing the development of our
  replicating the success of our "Onewo
  Town" model to achieve economies of
  scale                                            35%            1,966.0              63.0          1,903.0   By the end of 2027

Investing in the development of our
  AIoT and BPaaS solutions                         25%            1,404.3               0.3          1,404.0   By the end of 2027

Incubating the Onewo ecosystem
  through acquisitions of majority
  interests in value-added service
  providers and service providers along
  the upstream and downstream supply
  chain of our industry                            20%            1,123.5               0.0          1,123.5   By the end of 2027



Attracting and nurturing talents                   10%              561.7               1.9           559.8    By the end of 2027

For working capital and for general
  corporate purposes                               10%              561.7               2.8           558.9    By the end of 2027


Total                                             100%            5,617.2              68.0          5,549.2




                                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022        51
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
     During the Reporting Period and as of the Latest Practicable Date, the list of Directors and supervisors is as
     follows:


     Executive Directors

     Mr. Zhu Baoquan (Chairman of the Board)
     Mr. He Shuhua


     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Wang Wenjin
     Mr. Zhang Xu
     Mr. Sun Jia
     Mr. Zhou Qi
     Mr. Yao Jinbo


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Ms. Law Elizabeth
     Mr. Chen Yuyu
     Mr. Shen Haipeng
     Mr. Song Yunfeng


     Supervisors

     Ms. Xiang Yun
     Ms. Han Huihua
     Mr. Wu Jianxia


     Changes in Information of Directors and Supervisors

     Biographical details of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company are set out in the
     section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” on pages 38 to 48 of this annual report.
     Since the Listing of our Company on September 29, 2022, save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors,
     Supervisors and Senior Management” of this annual report, there has been no other information that is
     required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules as of December 31, 2022.




52   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


Directors’ and Supervisors’ Service Contracts

Pursuant to Rules 19A.54 and 19A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Company has entered into a service contract
with each of Directors and Supervisors in respect of, among other things, (i) compliance of relevant laws and
regulations, (ii) observance of the Articles of Association, and (iii) provisions on arbitration.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or Supervisors has any service contract of Directors or
Supervisors with any member of our Group (other than contracts expiring or determinable by the relevant
employer within one year without the payment of compensation other than statutory compensation).


Independence Confirmation Letter of Independent Non-executive
Directors

The Company has received the independence confirmation letter from each of the independent non-
executive Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board has assessed the independence of all
independent non-executive Directors and confirmed that all of them are independent pursuant to the Listing
Rules.


Directors’ Interests in Competing Businesses

As of December 31, 2022, save as disclosed below, none of the Directors is interested in any business which
competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of our Group.


(a)      Anjuke Group Inc. (“Anjuke”): Mr. Yao Jinbo, a non-executive director of the Company, is the
         executive director, chairperson, chief executive officer, and a controlling shareholder of Anjuke. Anjuke
         is an open online platform for real estate information and transaction services in China; and


(b)      Siweideng Real Estate Consultant Group Co., Ltd. (斯維登置業顧問集團有限公司) (“Siweideng”): Mr.
         Yao Jinbo, a non-executive director of the Company, is a director of Siweideng. Siweideng is a global
         accommodation operator focusing on the provision of chain-owned homestay, apartments and villas
         (paragraphs (a) and (b) collectively, the “Relevant Director Businesses”).


There is neither any substantial competition between our businesses and the Relevant Director Businesses,
nor any material conflict of interests arising from Mr. Yao Jinbo’s position and shareholding in Anjuke and
Siweideng, having taken into account that (a) our Company is a leading service provider in community,
commercial and urban spaces, which offers, among others, home sale and rental brokerage services as an
extension of our residential property services only while (i) Anjuke focuses on developing its online real estate
service platform business and serves as an intermediary and (ii) Siweideng is a global accommodation operator
focusing on the provision of chain-owned homestay, apartments and villas; and (b) the role of Mr. Yao in our
Company is non-executive in nature and he has not involved in the day-to-day management of the operations
of our Group.




                                                                                     Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   53
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Mr. Yao Jinbo confirms he is also aware of his fiduciary duties as a Director which require, among other
     things, that he must act for the benefit of and in the best interests of our Company and not allow any conflict
     between his duties as a Director and his personal interests. In the event that there is a potential conflict of
     interest arising out of Mr. Yao’s positions held in the Relevant Director Businesses, Mr. Yao shall abstain from
     voting on any resolutions of our Board approving any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which
     he has a material interest and shall not be counted in the quorum present at the relevant meeting of our
     Board.


     Our Directors are of the view that such Relevant Director Businesses will not result in any substantial
     competition issues under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


     Save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors or their associates engaged in any business (other
     than the business of our Group) which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
     businesses of our Group, or had any interest therein, which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the
     Listing Rules as of December 31, 2022.


     H Share Full Circulation Application

     On March 31, 2023, the Company received the official approval of China Securities Regulatory Commission
     (“CSRC”) in relation to the H Share Full Circulation, pursuant to which, the CSRC approved 21 Shareholders
     of the Company to convert a total of 1,050,420,000 unlisted Shares held by them into overseas listed Shares,
     which can be listed and traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange upon completion of the conversion
     (the “Conversion and Listing”). For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated
     November 22, 2022, January 11, 2023 and March 31, 2023.


     The details of the implementation plan of the H Share Full Circulation and Conversion and Listing have not
     been finalized. The Company will make further announcements on the progress of the H Share Full Circulation
     and the Conversion and Listing in compliance with the Listing Rules and applicable laws as and when
     appropriate. The H Share Full Circulation and Conversion and Listing are subject to other relevant procedures
     as required by the CSRC, the Stock Exchange and other domestic and overseas regulatory authorities.




54   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                   REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
According to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the details of the continuing connected transactions of the
Company during the reporting period are as follows:


1.    Property Lease

      On September 13, 2022, our Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
      framework property lease agreement (the “Framework Property Lease Agreement”) with China
      Vanke (for itself and on behalf of members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective
      associates), pursuant to which our Group will lease certain properties from members of the Retained
      China Vanke Group (including their respective associates) for office use (the “Property Lease”). The
      Framework Property Lease Agreement has a term commencing from the Listing Date to December
      31, 2024, which may be renewed as the parties may mutually agree, subject to compliance with the
      requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and all other applicable laws and regulations.


      The annual caps payable to members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective
      associates by our Group in respect of the Framework Property Lease Agreement for the three years
      ended December 31, 2024 are RMB28 million, RMB48 million and RMB68 million, respectively.


      China Vanke is the controlling shareholder of our Company and therefore constitutes a connected
      person of our Company. Accordingly, the transactions under the Framework Property Lease Agreement
      constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company. During the year ended December 31,
      2022, the Group’s expenses on leasing certain properties from members of the Retained China Vanke
      Group and their respective associates for office use amounted to RMB25.2 million, which did not
      exceed the annual caps of RMB28 million.


2.    Property Services

      On September 13, 2022, our Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
      framework property services agreement (“Framework Property Services Agreement”) with China
      Vanke (for itself and on behalf of members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective
      associates), pursuant to which our Group agreed to provide property services to members of the
      Retained China Vanke Group and their respective associates, including (i) residential property services
      in respect of the unsold residential properties developed and to be developed by members of the
      Retained China Vanke Group and their respective associates; and (ii) property and facility management
      services in respect of the commercial properties owned or used by members of the Retained China
      Vanke Group and their respective associates (the “Property Services”). The Framework Property
      Services Agreement has a term commencing from the Listing Date to December 31, 2024, which may
      be renewed as the parties may mutually agree, subject to compliance with the requirements under
      Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and all other applicable laws and regulations.




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    55
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

           The annual caps payable to our Company by members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their
           respective associates in respect of the Framework Property Services Agreement for the three years
           ended December 31, 2024 are RMB936 million, RMB1,078 million and RMB1,244 million, respectively.


           China Vanke is the controlling shareholder of our Company and therefore constitutes a connected
           person of our Company. Therefore, the transactions under the Framework Property Services Agreement
           constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company. During the year ended December 31,
           2022, the total revenue from property services provided by our Company to members of the Retained
           China Vanke Group and their respective associates was RMB934.7 million, which did not exceed the
           annual caps of RMB936 million.


     3.    Value-added Services

           On September 13, 2022, our Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
           framework value-added services agreement (“Framework Value-added Services Agreement”)
           with China Vanke (for itself and on behalf of members of the Retained China Vanke Group and
           their respective associates), pursuant to which our Group agreed to provide value-added services to
           the properties owned or used by members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective
           associates, including but not limited to (i) sale center and model room management services; (ii) pre-
           delivery support services; and (iii) building maintenance services in respect of the properties developed
           by members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective associates (the “Value-added
           Services”). The Framework Value-added Services Agreement has a term commencing from the Listing
           Date to December 31, 2024, which may be renewed as the parties may mutually agree, subject to
           compliance with the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and all other applicable laws
           and regulations.


           The annual caps payable to our Company by members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their
           respective associates in respect of the Framework Value-added Services Agreement for the three
           years ended December 31, 2024 are RMB2,729 million, RMB2,706 million and RMB2,703 million,
           respectively.


           China Vanke is the controlling shareholder of our Company and therefore constitutes a connected
           person of our Company. Therefore, the transactions under the Framework Value-added Services
           Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company. During the year ended
           December 31, 2022, the total revenue from value-added services provided by our Company to
           members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective associates was RMB2,616.8 million,
           which did not exceed the annual caps of RMB2,729 million.




56   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


4.   AIoT and BPaaS Solution Services

     On September 13, 2022, our Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
     framework AIoT and BPaaS solution services agreement (the “Framework AIoT and BPaaS Solution
     Services Agreement”) with China Vanke (for itself and on behalf of members of the Retained China
     Vanke Group and their respective associates), pursuant to which we agreed to provide AIoT and BPaaS
     solution services of (i) design, construction, operation and maintenance of smart property equipment
     and system, and related services (such as smart property consultancy services and integrated smart
     space solutions); and (ii) remote space operation services (such as intelligent urban space workflow
     management services and operation data analysis services) to members of the Retained China Vanke
     Group and their respective associates (the “AIoT and BPaaS Solution Services”). The Framework AIoT
     and BPaaS Solution Services Agreement has a term commencing from the Listing Date to December
     31, 2024, which may be renewed as the parties may mutually agree, subject to compliance with the
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and all other applicable laws and regulations.


     The annual caps payable to our Company by members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their
     respective associates in respect of the Framework AIoT and BPaaS Solution Services Agreement for the
     three years ended December 31, 2024 are RMB1,029 million, RMB1,237 million and RMB1,373 million,
     respectively.


     China Vanke is the controlling shareholder of our Company and therefore constitutes a connected
     person of our Company. Therefore, the transactions under the Framework AIoT and BPaaS Solution
     Services Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company. During the year
     ended December 31, 2022, the total revenue from AIoT and BPaaS solution services provided by
     our Company to members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective associates was
     RMB960.3 million, which did not exceed the annual caps of RMB1,029 million.


5.   Property Agency Services

     On September 13, 2022, our Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into
     a framework property agency services agreement (the “Framework Property Agency Services
     Agreement”) with China Vanke (for itself and on behalf of members of the Retained China Vanke
     Group and their respective associates), pursuant to which we agreed to provide property agency
     services to members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective associates, and receive
     service fees as consideration. The property agency services mainly include conducting marketing and
     sale activities, sourcing potential clients to enter into property sale and purchase agreements in respect
     of (i) the residential and commercial property units; and (ii) the carpark space and other properties
     developed and to be developed by members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective
     associates (the “Property Agency Services”). The Framework Property Agency Services Agreement
     has a term commencing from the Listing Date to December 31, 2024, which may be renewed as the
     parties may mutually agree, subject to compliance with the requirements under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules and all other applicable laws and regulations.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     57
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

              The expected maximum service fees payable to our Company by members of the Retained China Vanke
              Group and their respective associates in respect of the Framework Property Agency Services Agreement
              and maximum daily balance of the Deposits payable by our Company to members of the Retained
              China Vanke Group and their respective associates for the three years ended December 31, 2024 are
              as follows:


                                                                        For the year ended December 31,
                                                                           2022             2023             2024
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


              Annual Caps of Service Fees                               410,000          447,000         496,000
              Maximum Daily Balance of the Deposits                   1,643,056        1,643,056        1,643,056

              China Vanke is the controlling shareholder of our Company and therefore constitutes a connected
              person of our Company. Therefore, the transactions contemplated under the Framework Property
              Agency Services Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for our Company. During
              the year ended December 31, 2022, the total revenue from property agency services provided by
              our Company to members of the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective associates was
              RMB310.6 million, which did not exceed the annual caps of RMB410 million. During the year ended
              December 31, 2022, the maximum daily balance of the Deposits paid by our Company to members of
              the Retained China Vanke Group and their respective associates was RMB1,602.7 million, which did
              not exceed the caps of RMB1,643 million.


     CONFIRMATION FROM OUR INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
     DIRECTORS
     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the aforementioned continuing connected
     transactions, and confirmed that these transactions were conducted in the ordinary daily business of the
     Group, on normal or better commercial terms and in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
     these transactions on the terms that were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a
     whole.




58   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                   REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


CONFIRMATION FROM THE AUDITOR
The Company’s auditor has been engaged to report on the continuing connected transactions in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements other than
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised)
“Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The letter with unqualified opinion issued by the auditor
in respect of the results and conclusions of the review of the disclosed continuing connected transactions is
set out below:


(a)   nothing material has been found that would prevent the disclosed continuing connected transactions
      from being approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;


(b)   in respect of connected transactions relating to the provision of goods or services by the Group, it is
      not found that the Group has not entered into the transactions in accordance with the pricing policy
      of the Group in all material aspects;


(c)   nothing material has been found that would lead it to believe that the transactions have not been
      entered into in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such continuing
      connected transactions in all material aspects; and


(d)   in respect of the total amount of all continuing connected transactions, nothing material has been
      found that would lead it to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded
      the relevant caps for the year ended December 31, 2022.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
A summary of the related party transactions conducted by the Group for occurred during the year ended
December 31, 2022 is contained in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group in this
annual report.


With respect of the note 35 to “Related Party Transactions” to the consolidated financial statements
contained in the annual report, those transactions which constitute continuing connected transactions of
the Company have been disclosed above or constitute fully exempted connected transactions or continuing
connected transactions of the Company due to all applicable percentage ratios are less than 0.1%. The
Company has complied with the disclosure requirements for connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    59
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN
     TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
     Save as disclosed in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements of our Group in this annual report,
     “Directors' or Supervisors' Service Contracts”, “Directors’ Interests in Competing Businesses” and the section
     headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their related entities
     of the Company has any material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or
     contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries, fellow
     subsidiaries or its parent is a party, and which subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year
     ended December 31, 2022.


     MAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     Main risks and uncertainties the Group is exposed to include, among others, that:


     The Success of Our Business is Dependent on General Economic and
     Market Conditions.

     We operate in the community space living consumption services market, commercial and urban space
     integrated services market and intelligent city tech services market in China, the growth of which is affected
     by general economic and market conditions, including, but not limited to: changes in international, national,
     regional and local economic conditions; changes in local real estate conditions, fluctuations in levels of
     consumer spending, and changes in relevant laws and regulations.


     Economic weakness or recession, rising interest rates, fiscal or political uncertainty, falling real estate values,
     disruption to the global capital or credit markets may also negatively affect the markets we operate in, which
     could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business.


     The Payments We Collected from Properties Managed on a
     Remuneration Basis May Not Cover Our Costs.

     When we are contracted to manage properties on a remuneration basis, we essentially act as an agent of
     the property owners. As of the end of a period, if the working capital of a project accumulated is insufficient
     to cover the expenses such project incurs to arrange for property management services, the shortfall will be
     recognized as other receivables. We cautiously assess the recoverability of the shortfall and make provision
     for impairment losses on a project-by-project basis, taking into consideration various factors, including but
     not limited to (i) credibility and payment record of our customers; and (ii) the profit or loss of the project
     for the year. We make reversal when the shortfall is subsequently received. However, we may fail to recover
     the shortfall and reverse impairment losses, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business,
     financial condition and results of operations.




60   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                    REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


The Strategy of Promoting “Onewo Town Model” Would Result in
Fluctuations in Our Profit in the Short Term.

We strategically selected sub-districts in which we have multiple properties under management and our
employees could commute between managed properties within 20 to 30 minutes, breaking through
traditional geographic boundaries of community, commercial and urban space services. By connecting all
managed properties in Onewo Towns, we can provide hybrid services across community, commercial and
urban spaces through resource sharing and expedited response. Our strategy has achieved initial success
at present. However, due to the measures such as investment in infrastructure improvement required for
constructing Onewo Towns, our profit may be affected in the short term.


Brands and Reputation Are Our Key Assets and Affect How We
Are Perceived in the Market. Any Damage to Brand Image Could
Adversely Affect Our Business.

Brands are our key assets. We carry out our community space living consumption services, commercial and
urban space integrated services and AIoT and BPaaS solution services primarily through our “Vanke Service (萬
科物業)”, “Cushman & Wakefield Vanke Service (萬物梁行)”, “City Up” and “Vanrui IntelliTech (萬睿科技)”
brand names. Our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of
our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, management, workplace culture, financial condition,
our response to unexpected events and other subjective qualities. The success of our business depends
substantially upon our continued ability to increase brand recognition and further grow brand equity. As
certain trademarks, such as “Vanke Service”, are licensed by China Vanke Group, if we or these entities or
our or their respective directors, management personnel or other employees take action that damages such
brand names or corporate image, or if any material negative publicity is associated with any of them, for
example, as a result of regulatory investigations into, or other proceedings involving, wrongdoing or corrupt
practices engaged in by any such entity or person, our brand image and reputation as well as our market
value may be adversely affected.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Group has compliance procedures in place to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and
regulations which have a significant influence on the Group. As at the date of this annual report, save as
disclosed herein, the Group has complied with, in all material respects, all relevant and applicable PRC laws
and regulations governing the property management business. The Group has obtained all licenses, permits
and certificates for conducting its business operations.


As at the date of this annual report, the Group was not involved in and the Board of Directors was not aware
of any non-compliance incidents which may have adverse effect on the value of the Company therein.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    61
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS,
     SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE IN THE SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF OUR COMPANY OR
     ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As of December 31, 2022, the interests and short positions of Directors, Supervisors and chief executive in
     the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of our Company or its associated corporations (as defined in
     Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance) which were required, under Section 352 of the SFO, to be
     entered in the register kept by the Company, or which were required, under the Model Code, to be notified
     to our Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:


     Interest in Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                       Approximate            Approximate
                                                                                                                                      percentage of          percentage of
                                                                                                                                 shareholding in the    shareholding in the
                                                                                                                                    relevant class of total share capital of
     Name                  Title                       Nature of interest       Class of Shares           Number of Shares (1)               Shares           our Company


     Mr. Zhu Baoquan (2)   Executive Director, the     Interest in controlled   Unlisted Foreign Shares         90,000,000 (L)               27.27%                  7.64%
                             chairman of the Board       corporations
                             and the general manager
     Mr. Yao Jinbo (3)     Non-executive Director      Interest in controlled   Unlisted Foreign Shares         30,042,000 (L)                9.10%                  2.55%
                                                         corporations

     Notes:

     (1)         (L)－long position


     (2)         Ruida I Limited directly held 35,000,000 Shares of the Company, Ruida II Limited directly held 23,284,000 Shares
                 of the Company, Ruida III Limited directly held 23,057,000 Shares of the Company, Ruida IV Limited directly held
                 2,970,000 Shares of the Company, and Ruida V Limited directly held 5,689,000 Shares of the Company.


                 Each of Ruida I Limited and Ruida II Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ruida Investments I Limited Partnership.
                 Ruida III Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ruida Investments IV Limited Partnership and Ruida V Limited is
                 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ruida Investments III Limited Partnership. Glorious Falcon Investment Limited is the
                 general partner of each of Ruida Investments I Limited Partnership, Ruida Investments IV Limited Partnership and
                 Ruida Investments III Limited Partnership. In addition, Shenzhen Yuying No. 23 Investment Management Partnership
                 Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (深圳市譽鷹第二十三投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) is a limited partner holding
                 approximately 62.86% interests in Ruida Investments I Limited Partnership and the remaining interests are held by
                 the general partner, Glorious Falcon Investment Limited. Ruida IV Limited is a limited partner holding approximately
                 50.00% interests in Ruida Investments III Limited Partnership and the remaining interests are held by the general
                 partner. Glorious Falcon Investment Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ruida IV Limited, which in turn wholly




62   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                              REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

          owned by Shenzhen Yuying No. 21 Investment Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (深圳市
          譽鷹第二十一投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Yuying 21”). The general partner of Yuying 21 is Shenzhen Yuying
          Investment Management Co., Ltd. (深圳市譽鷹投資管理有限公司) (“Yuying Investment”). Mr. Zhu Baoquan, our
          chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the general manager of our Company, holds 67% of interests in
          Yuying Investment.


          Therefore, Mr. Zhu Baoquan is deemed to be interested in the aggregate 90,000,000 Shares of the Company held
          by Ruida I Limited, Ruida II Limited, Ruida III Limited, Ruida IV Limited and Ruida V Limited pursuant to Part XV of
          the SFO.


(3)       Dream Landing Holdings Limited (“Dream Landing”) directly held 30,042,000 Shares of the Company. Dream
          Landing is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dream Warrior Inc., which is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of 58.com
          Inc.. 58.com Inc. is ultimately controlled by Mr. Yao Jinbo, our non-executive Director. Therefore, Mr. Yao Jinbo is
          deemed to be interested in the 30,042,000 Shares of the Company held by Dream Landing pursuant to Part XV of
          the SFO.


Interest in Underlying Shares of Associated Corporations of Our
Company
                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of            Approximate
                                                                                                           shareholding in the           percentage of
                                                                                                          relevant class of the     shareholding in the
                               Name of                                                                       underlying shares    total share capital of
                               associated                                                                       of the relevant the relevant associated
Name             Title         corporation   Nature of interest Class of Shares Number of Shares (1)    associated corporation              corporation

Mr. Wu Jianxia   Supervisor    China Vanke   Beneficial owner   A shares                   15,100 (L)               0.00016%                  0.00013%
Ms. Han Huihua   Supervisor    China Vanke   Beneficial owner   A shares                  133,000 (L)               0.00137%                  0.00114%

Note:

(1)       (L)－long position


As of December 31, 2022, save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the
Company, to the knowledge of our Directors, had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO) (i)
which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO); or (ii) which were entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section
352 of the SFO; or (iii) which were required, under the Model Code, to be notified to our Company and the
Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                           Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022                   63
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
     POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE
     COMPANY
     Long Position in Shares of the Company

     As of December 31, 2022, as far as the Company is aware, as recorded in the register required to be kept
     by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, other than our Directors,
     Supervisors or chief executive of the Company, the following persons hold 5% or more interests in the Shares
     or underlying Shares:

                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                 percentage of     Approximate
                                                                                                shareholding in   percentage of
                                          Capacity/Nature                        Number of         the relevant   the interest in
     Name                                 of interest       Class of Shares          Shares     class of Shares   our Company


     China Vanke Co., Ltd.                Beneficial owner Domestic Shares    600,000,000 (L)          83.29%            50.91%
       (萬科企業股份有限公司)
       (“China Vanke”) (1)
                                          Interest in       Domestic Shares    60,602,000 (L)            8.41%            5.14%
                                            controlled
                                            corporations
     Shenzhen Wanhuquanyuan Management    Beneficial owner Domestic Shares     35,602,000 (L)            4.94%            3.02%
       Consulting Co., Ltd.
       (深圳市萬斛泉源管理諮詢有限公司)
       (“Wanhuquanyuan”) (1)
     Shenzhen Wanqing Management          Beneficial owner Domestic Shares      5,000,000 (L)            0.69%            0.42%
       Consulting Co., Ltd.
       (深圳市萬頃管理諮詢有限公司)
       (“Wanqing”) (1)
     Shenzhen Wanhu Management            Beneficial owner Domestic Shares      5,000,000 (L)            0.69%            0.42%
       Consulting Co., Ltd.
       (深圳市萬斛管理諮詢有限公司)
       (“Wanhu”) (1)
     Shenzhen Wanmazhengxian Management   Beneficial owner Domestic Shares      5,000,000 (L)            0.69%            0.42%
       Consulting Co., Ltd.
       (深圳市萬馬爭先管理諮詢有限公司)
       (“Wanmazhengxian”) (1)
     Shenzhen Yingda Investment Fund      Beneficial owner Domestic Shares      5,000,000 (L)            0.69%            0.42%
       Management Co., Ltd.
       (深圳市盈達投資基金管理有限公司)
       (“Yingda Investment Fund”) (1)




64   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                           REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                      percentage of     Approximate
                                                                                                     shareholding in   percentage of
                                              Capacity/Nature                         Number of         the relevant   the interest in
Name                                          of interest       Class of Shares           Shares     class of Shares   our Company


Shenzhen Wanshuzhimiao Management             Beneficial owner Domestic Shares       5,000,000 (L)            0.69%            0.42%
  Consulting Co., Ltd.
  (深圳市萬殊之妙管理諮詢有限公司)
  (“Wanshuzhimiao”) (1)
Radiant Sunbeam Limited (2)                   Beneficial owner Unlisted Foreign    180,000,000 (L)          54.54%            15.27%
                                                                  Shares
Bumper Harvest Limited (2)                    Interest in       Unlisted Foreign   180,000,000 (L)          54.54%            15.27%
                                                 controlled       Shares
                                                 corporations
Boyu Capital Fund III, L.P. (2)               Interest in       Unlisted Foreign   180,000,000 (L)          54.54%            15.27%
                                                 controlled       Shares
                                                 corporations
Boyu Capital General Partner III, L.P. (2)    Interest in       Unlisted Foreign   180,000,000 (L)          54.54%            15.27%
                                                 controlled       Shares
                                                 corporations
Boyu Capital General Partner III, Ltd. (2)    Interest in       Unlisted Foreign   180,000,000 (L)          54.54%            15.27%
                                                 controlled       Shares
                                                 corporations
Boyu Capital Group Holdings Ltd. (2)          Interest in       Unlisted Foreign   180,000,000 (L)          54.54%            15.27%
                                                 controlled       Shares
                                                 corporations
Ruida I Limited (睿達第一有限公司) (3)                Beneficial owner Unlisted Foreign     35,000,000 (L)          10.60%             2.97%
                                                                  Shares
Ruida II Limited (睿達第二有限公司) (3)               Beneficial owner Unlisted Foreign     23,284,000 (L)            7.05%            1.98%
                                                                  Shares
Ruida Investments I Limited Partnership (3)   Interest in       Unlisted Foreign    58,284,000 (L)          17.66%             4.95%
                                                 controlled       Shares
                                                 corporations
Ruida III Limited (睿達第三有限公司) (3)              Beneficial owner Unlisted Foreign     23,057,000 (L)            6.99%            1.96%
                                                                  Shares
Ruida Investments IV Limited Partnership (3) Interest in        Unlisted Foreign    23,057,000 (L)            6.99%            1.96%
                                                 controlled       Shares
                                                 corporations
Ruida V Limited (睿達第五有限公司) (3)                Beneficial owner Unlisted Foreign      5,689,000 (L)            1.72%            0.48%
                                                                  Shares
Ruida Investments III Limited Partnership (3) Interest in       Unlisted Foreign     5,689,000 (L)            1.72%            0.48%
                                                 controlled       Shares
                                                 corporations




                                                                                                   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022         65
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                     percentage of     Approximate
                                                                                                    shareholding in   percentage of
                                              Capacity/Nature                        Number of         the relevant   the interest in
     Name                                     of interest       Class of Shares          Shares     class of Shares   our Company


     Glorious Falcon Investment Limited (4)   Interest in      Unlisted Foreign    87,030,000 (L)          26.37%             7.39%
                                                 controlled      Shares
                                                 corporations
     Ruida IV Limited (睿達第四有限公司) (4)          Beneficial owner Unlisted Foreign     2,970,000 (L)            0.90%            0.25%
                                                                 Shares
                                              Interest in      Unlisted Foreign    87,030,000 (L)          26.37%             7.39%
                                                 controlled      Shares
                                                 corporations
     Shenzhen Yuying No. 21 Investment        Interest in      Unlisted Foreign    90,000,000 (L)          27.27%             7.64%
       Management Partnership Enterprise         controlled      Shares
       (Limited Partnership)                     corporations
       (深圳市譽鷹第二十一投資管理合夥企業
       (有限合夥))(4) (“Yuying 21”)
     Shenzhen Yuying No. 23 Investment        Interest in       Unlisted Foreign   58,284,000 (L)          17.66%             4.95%
       Management Partnership Enterprise         controlled       Shares
       (Limited Partnership)                     corporations
       (深圳市譽鷹第二十三投資管理合夥企業
       (有限合夥)) (4) (“Yuying 23”)
     Shenzhen Yuying Investment Management Interest in          Unlisted Foreign   90,000,000 (L)          27.27%             7.64%
       Co., Ltd.                              controlled          Shares
       (深圳市譽鷹投資管理有限公司)             (4)
                                              corporations
       (“Yuying Investment”)
     Zhu Baoquan (4)                          Interest in      Unlisted Foreign    90,000,000 (L)          27.27%             7.64%
                                                 controlled      Shares
                                                 corporations
     Dream Landing Holdings Limited(4)        Beneficial owner Unlisted Foreign    30,042,000 (L)            9.10%            2.55%
                                                                 Shares
     Dream Warrior Inc.(4)                    Interest in      Unlisted Foreign    30,042,000 (L)            9.10%            2.55%
                                                 controlled      Shares
                                                 corporations
     58.com Inc.(4)                           Interest in      Unlisted Foreign    30,042,000 (L)            9.10%            2.55%
                                                 controlled      Shares
                                                 corporations
     HK Rui Xuan Enterprise Management        Beneficial owner Unlisted Foreign    30,000,000 (L)            9.09%            2.55%
       Limited(5) (“Rui Xuan”)                                   Shares




66   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                       REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                    percentage of     Approximate
                                                                                                   shareholding in   percentage of
                                           Capacity/Nature                         Number of          the relevant   the interest in
Name                                       of interest        Class of Shares           Shares     class of Shares   our Company


Qianhai Chuangxiang Technology             Interest in        Unlisted Foreign   30,000,000 (L)             9.09%            2.55%
  (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                        controlled        Shares
  (前海創享科技(深圳)有限公司)(5)                         corporations
Shenzhen Linkaiying Technology             Interest in        Unlisted Foreign   30,000,000 (L)             9.09%            2.55%
  Development Co., Ltd.                       controlled        Shares
  (深圳市琳凱盈科技發展有限公司)(5)                         corporations
Shenzhen Linzhu Investment                 Interest in        Unlisted Foreign   30,000,000 (L)             9.09%            2.55%
  Holding (Group) Co., Ltd.                   controlled        Shares
  (深圳市琳珠投資控股(集團)有限公司)(5)                      corporations
Shenzhen Linzhu Trading Co., Ltd.          Interest in        Unlisted Foreign   30,000,000 (L)             9.09%            2.55%
  (深圳市琳珠貿易有限公司)(5)                            controlled        Shares
                                              corporations
Chen Kunming(5)                            Interest in        Unlisted Foreign   30,000,000 (L)             9.09%            2.55%
                                              controlled        Shares
                                              corporations
China State-owned Enterprise Mixed         Beneficial owner   H Shares           11,509,200 (L)             8.99%            0.98%
  Ownership Reform Fund Co., Ltd.
  (中國國有企業混合所有制改革基金有限公司)
China Chengtong Holdings Group Co., Ltd. Interest in          H Shares           14,690,200 (L)           11.47%             1.25%
  (中國誠通控股集團有限公司)                              controlled
                                              corporations
ICBC Credit Suisse Asset Management        Investment         H Shares           11,509,200 (L)             8.99%            0.98%
  Co., Ltd. (工銀瑞信基金管理有限公司)                    manager
  (on behalf of ICBC Credit Suisse Taihong
  No. 60 QDII Single Asset Management
  Plan (工銀瑞信泰宏60號QDII單一資產管理
  計劃))
GIC Private Limited                        Investment         H Shares           11,222,600 (L)             8.76%            0.95%
                                              manager




                                                                                                  Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022        67
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                  percentage of     Approximate
                                                                                                 shareholding in   percentage of
                                        Capacity/Nature                           Number of         the relevant   the interest in
     Name                               of interest           Class of Shares          Shares    class of Shares   our Company


     JPMorgan Chase & Co.               Interest in           H Shares             510,435 (L)            0.40%            0.04%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations
                                        Interest in           H Shares             455,435 (S)            0.36%            0.04%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations
                                        Investment            H Shares          11,931,400 (L)            9.32%            1.01%
                                          manager
                                        Person having a       H Shares           4,059,400 (L)            3.17%            0.34%
                                          security interest
                                          in shares
     CITIC Securities Company Limited   Interest in           H Shares          14,031,411 (L)          10.96%             1.19%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations
                                        Interest in           H Shares          14,031,411 (S)          10.96%             1.19%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations
     UBS Group AG                       Interest in           H Shares          13,244,091 (L)          10.34%             1.12%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations
     Morgan Stanley                     Interest in           H Shares          11,341,937 (L)            8.86%            0.96%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations
                                        Interest in           H Shares           1,748,300 (S)            1.37%            0.15%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations
     The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.      Interest in           H Shares          13,990,636 (L)          10.93%             1.19%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations
                                        Interest in           H Shares          17,811,800 (S)          13.91%             1.51%
                                          controlled
                                          corporations




68   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                      REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      Notes:

      (A)      (L) - Long position; (S) - Short position

      (1)      Each of Wanhuquanyuan, Wanqing, Wanhu, Wanmazhengxian, Yingda Investment Fund and Wanshuzhimiao
               is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Vanke. As such, China Vanke is deemed to be interested in the shares
               of our Company held by each of Wanhuquanyuan, Wanqing, Wanhu, Wanmazhengxian, Yingda Investment
               Fund and Wanshuzhimiao pursuant to the SFO.

      (2)      Radiant Sunbeam Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bumper Harvest Limited, which is in turn wholly
               owned by Boyu Capital Fund III, L.P. and Boyu Capital General Partner III, L.P. is the general partner of Boyu
               Capital Fund III, L.P.. Boyu Capital General Partner III, Ltd. is the general partner of Boyu Capital General
               Partner III, L.P. and Boyu Capital General Partner III, Ltd. is wholly owned by Boyu Capital Group Holdings
               Ltd.. As such, each of Boyu Capital Group Holdings Ltd., Boyu Capital General Partner III, Ltd., Boyu Capital
               General Partner III, L.P., Boyu Capital Fund III, L.P. and Bumper Harvest Limited is deemed to be interested in
               the shares of our Company held by Radiant Sunbeam Limited pursuant to the SFO.

      (3)      Each of Ruida I Limited and Ruida II Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ruida Investments I Limited
               Partnership. Ruida III Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ruida Investments IV Limited Partnership
               and Ruida V Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ruida Investments III Limited Partnership. Glorious
               Falcon Investment Limited is the general partner of each of Ruida Investments I Limited Partnership, Ruida
               Investments IV Limited Partnership and Ruida Investments III Limited Partnership. In addition, Yuying 23 is a
               limited partner holding approximately 62.86% interests in Ruida Investments I Limited Partnership and the
               remaining interests are held by the general partner, Glorious Falcon Investment Limited. Ruida IV Limited is a
               limited partner holding approximately 50.00% interests in Ruida Investments III Limited Partnership and the
               remaining interests are held by the general partner. Glorious Falcon Investment Limited is a wholly-owned
               subsidiary of Ruida IV Limited, which in turn wholly owned by Yuying 21. The general partner of Yuying
               21 is Yuying Investment. Zhu Baoquan, our chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the general
               manager of the Company, holds 67% of interests in Yuying Investment.

               Therefore, Zhu Baoquan is deemed to have controlling interest in the aggregate 90,000,000 Shares of the
               Company held by Ruida I Limited, Ruida II Limited, Ruida III Limited, Ruida IV Limited and Ruida V Limited
               pursuant to Part XV of the SFO. Among the 90,000,000 Shares of the Company, 20,000,000 Shares are
               directly held by Ruida III Limited for investment purpose, and 70,000,000 Shares of the Company are held
               by the Employee Shareholding Platforms pursuant to the employee stock ownership plan.

      (4)      Dream Landing Holdings Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dream Warrior Inc. which is in turn an
               indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of 58.com Inc.. 58.com Inc. is wholly-owned by Quantum Bloom Group
               Ltd. (a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands), which is controlled as to more than one-third by
               Mr. Yao Jinbo (through his intermediary controlled entities). As such, each of Dream Warrior Inc., 58.com
               Inc., Quantum Bloom Group Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the Unlisted Foreign Shares held by Dream
               Landing Holdings Limited.


      (5)      Rui Xuan is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qianhai Chuangxiang Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., which
               is in turn wholly owned by Shenzhen Linkaiying Technology Development Co., Ltd., which is owned as to
               95% by Shenzhen Linzhu Investment Holding (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Linzhu Group”). Linzhu Group is owned
               as to 90% by Shenzhen Linzhu Trading Co., Ltd., which is in turn wholly held by Mr. Chen Kunming. As
               such, each of Qianhai Chuangxiang Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Linkaiying Technology
               Development Co., Ltd., Linzhu Group and Shenzhen Linzhu Trading Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in
               the Unlisted Foreign Shares held by Rui Xuan.


Save as disclosed in this report, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had not been notified by any person
(other than a Director, a Supervisor or chief executive of the Company) that he had an interest or short
position in the Shares or underlying Shares, which was required to be recorded in the register kept by the
Company under section 336 of the SFO.

                                                                                           Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022         69
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     Major Customers

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue from the largest customer of the Group accounted for
     approximately 14.3% of the total revenue of the Group, while revenue from the five largest customers of the
     Group accounted for less than 30% of the total revenue of the Group.


     Major Suppliers

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, purchases from the largest supplier of the Group accounted for
     approximately 16.9% of the total purchase of the Group, while purchases from the five largest suppliers of
     the Group accounted for less than 30% of the total purchase of the Group.


     RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     The Group recognizes that its employees, customers and suppliers are critical to the sustainable development
     of the Company and is keen on developing long-term relationships with stakeholders. The Company places
     significant emphasis on human capital and is committed to fostering an environment in which employees can
     develop their full potential and they are assisted in achieving their personal and professional development.
     The Company provides a fair and safe workplace, promoting the diversified development of employees,
     and offering competitive compensation and benefits as well as career development opportunities based
     on their achievements and performance. The Group also puts on-going efforts to provide employees with
     comprehensive training and development resources to enable them to keep abreast of the latest developments
     in the market and industry, and to improve their performance and self-fulfillment in their positions in the
     meantime. The Company understands that it is essential to maintain a good relationship with the customers.
     The Group has established procedures to handle customer complaints and conduct customer satisfaction
     surveys to ensure that customer complaints are handled in a prompt and timely manner. The Group is also
     committed to developing good relationships with the suppliers (being long-term business partners) to ensure
     a stable supply of materials. The Group strengthens its business cooperation relationship with suppliers and
     contractors through continuous active and effective communication with them to ensure quality and delivery.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2022, no contract had been entered into in respect of the management and
     administration of the Company as a whole or any significant part of the business of the Company, nor did
     any contract subsist.




70   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                    REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE PURCHASE OF SHARES OR
DEBENTURES
For the year ended December 31, 2022, none of our Directors or their respective spouses or children
under the age of 18 had been granted any right to acquire benefits by means of the purchase of shares or
debentures of the Company, nor had they exercised any of such rights. In addition, neither the Company, its
holding company nor any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries had entered into any arrangement to enable
the Directors to obtain such rights in respect of any other body corporate.


PURCHASE, SALES OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED
SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company and any of its subsidiaries did not purchase, dispose or
redeem any listed securities of the Company.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision under the Articles of Association of the Company or the laws of the PRC (i.e. the
jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated) relating to pre-emptive rights that subject the Company to
offer new shares to existing Shareholders based on the percentage of shareholding.


TAX CREDIT
As of the Latest Practicable Date, the Company is not aware of any tax credit available to any holders of the
Company's securities as a result of holding such securities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section headed
“Corporate Governance Report” in this annual report.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
Our journey as a company providing property services started in 1990. Over the last three decades, we
have established a strong service culture as well as a customer-centric and creative service team. We have
further developed an inheritable corporate culture and operating system centered on the values of “Service”,
“Champion” and “Positivity”, which are crucial for us to keep attracting and retaining talent that meets our
business development needs. In addition, the structure of our human resources includes talents in areas such
as customer service, sales and marketing, research and operations, property and project delivery, as well
as functional support, forming a diversified and all-rounded team that lays the foundation for our business
development.




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    71
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     As of December 31, 2022, the Group had 97,930 employees (December 31, 2021: 106,945 employees),
     of which male employees accounted for 52.6% and female employees accounted for 47.4%, and the total
     staff costs during the Reporting Period was approximately RMB10,916.0 million. Remuneration and benefits
     of the employees of the Group include basic salaries, discretionary bonus, and social security fund and
     housing provident fund, which were determined based on the nature of work, work performance and market
     conditions. The Group also offers competitive remuneration and employee stock ownership plan for its
     employees, especially key employees. The Group is committed to creating favorable conditions in the working
     environment in order to continue to maintain the gender diversity of the Group’s employees. At present, the
     proportion of male and female employees in the Group is relatively balanced. The human resource-related
     department of the Group will continue to monitor and review the gender proportion of employees, and strive
     to maintain a balanced proportion of male and female employees.


     EMPLOYEE TRAINING PLAN
     Onewo built a broad development platform for employees. According to the business needs and employees’
     personal career planning and development, a training system that is beneficial to employees’ development
     was established to provide diversified career development paths and learning opportunities.


     1.    “Onewo Dream” Development

           In 2019, the Company launched the “Thousands into Pulin” (“千軍萬馬進樸鄰”) employees
           development project to encourage front line employees to explore new career paths and transform into
           Pulin asset managers. In 2020, the Company launched the “Onewo Dream Development” (“萬紫千紅
           好發展”) employees development project to further build a multi-path development mechanism with
           professionalization, diversification and full business scenarios for front line employees, in order to help
           them move to a larger development stage and gain more labor income.


           We provide front line employees with rich skills training and diversified business direction choices, and
           help front line service staff transition to other positions that are more skilled and more irreplaceable.
           During the Reporting Period, we assisted 3,130 front line employees to successfully transfer to grid
           coordinators, asset coordinators, mechanical and electrical experts, and digital operation, etc. Since the
           inception of the “Onewo Dream” Development project in 2020, we have promoted a total of 5,173
           front line employees to successfully transfer to other positions.


           In line with the technological development process of the times, our property services are also
           undergoing intelligent updates. The self-service property terminal all-in-one machine “Pineapple No.
           1” independently developed by Onewo has been put into use all over the country; while bringing
           efficient and convenient services, it has also replaced the work of many property service front desk
           staff. Therefore, we have established a special transfer plan for the front desk staff of the property－
           “Diversified Development Paths of Fortune Depot Employees”. In 2022, our 1,876 employees walked
           out the front desk of the property through the “Diversified Development Paths of Fortune Depot
           Employees”, and received multiple skill trainings in advance, achieving the transition to positions such
           as life coordinators, digital operation and environmental monitoring.




72   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                    REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


2.     Kilo Plan

       Onewo actively supports front line workers to pursue advanced study, and subsidizes front line
       employees to achieve “senior high school to junior college transfer (高升專)” and “junior college to
       bachelor’s degree transfer (專升本)” by providing scholarships, helping them improve their academic
       qualifications. In 2010, the Company launched the “Double Hundred Plan (雙百計劃)”, and planned
       to provide 200 front line employees with the opportunity to improve their academic qualifications
       through “senior high school to junior college transfer” every year. In 2021, we had upgraded the
       “Double Hundred Plan” to the “Kilo Plan”. We plan to provide 1,000 front line employees with the
       opportunity to improve their academic qualifications through “senior high school to junior college
       transfer” and “junior college to bachelor’s degree transfer” every year, and provide each participant
       with a scholarship of RMB5,000 to RMB7,000.


       In 2022, we updated the resources of the cooperative universities for “Kilo Plan”, and provided
       employees with 52 school resources available for admission, including South China Normal University,
       Jinan University and Xiamen University of Technology. During the Reporting Period, the “Kilo Plan”
       helped 559 employees improve their academic qualifications, and an estimated RMB3.4 million of
       scholarship was invested in the plan.


3.     Talent Training and Development

       Onewo combined the needs of business development and employee growth to build a diversified
       employee training system and provide employees with learning opportunities for self-challenge and
       continuous development. We established the talent training system with the cores of “service ability”,
       “leadership “ and “growth momentum”, launched various forms of training products and programs to
       meet the development needs of the talent team.


EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN
China Vanke introduced and adopted an internal business partnership scheme (事業合夥人機制) for employees
of its property service business, being our Company, in June 2015 to attract and retain talents and to enhance
the Company’s competitiveness for long-term development. Before the Listing, the Company has further
amended and consolidated the business partnership scheme as the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (“ESOP”).
Please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General Information – 5. Employee Stock Ownership Plan”
in the Prospectus for details.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
Environmental Protection

The Group is subject to PRC laws in relation to environmental protection matters. The Group considers the
protection of the environment to be important and has implemented measures in the operation of businesses
to ensure its compliance with all applicable requirements. Given the nature of its operations, the Group
believes that it is not subject to material environmental liability risk or compliance costs.




                                                                                     Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   73
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     For the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group had not been
     subject to any material administrative penalties due to violation of environmental laws in the PRC.


     Social Responsibility

     The Group has entered into employment contracts with its employees in accordance with the applicable PRC
     laws and regulations.


     The Group maintains social welfare insurance for its full-time employees in the PRC, including pension
     insurance, medical insurance, personal injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance, in
     accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations.


     Health and Work Safety

     The administrative measures for employees adopted by the Group contain the policies and procedures
     regarding work safety and occupational health matters. The Group provides its employees with annual medical
     checks and safety training, and the properties of the Group are equipped with public safety facilities.


     The quality management-related department of the Group is responsible for recording and handling work
     accidents as well as maintaining health and work safety compliance records.


     During the year ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group did not
     encounter any material safety accident or material claims for personal or property damages or make material
     compensation payouts to employees in respect of claims for personal or property damages related to safety
     accident.


     For more information about our environmental, social and governance performance, please refer to the 2022
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company.


     INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE PROVISIONS
     The Company’s articles of association provides that the Directors, managing directors, alternate Directors,
     auditor, secretaries and other officers of the Company for the time being and the trustees (if any) for the time
     being acting in relation to any of the affairs of the Company, and their respective executors or administrators,
     should be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all actions,
     costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them, their or any of their executors or
     administrators, should or may incur or sustain by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about
     the execution of their duty or supposed duty in their respective offices or trusts. The Company has arranged
     appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of legal actions against Directors.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022.




74   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
The Group had no material events after the Reporting Period.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules requires there to be an open market in the securities for which listing is sought
and a sufficient public float of an issuer’s listed securities to be maintained. This will normally mean that at
least 25% of the issuer’s total number of issued share capital must at all times be held by the public.


The Company has applied for, and the Stock Exchange has granted to the Company, a waiver from strict
compliance with Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules so that the minimum percentage of our Shares from time to
time held by the public will be the higher of (a) 10.0%; and (b) such percentage of H Shares to be held by the
public after the exercise of the Over-allotment Option, of the enlarged issued share capital of the Company,
subject to our confirmation that we:


(i)     will announce the percentage of H Shares held by the public immediately after the completion of the
        Global Offering (before any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) and upon any exercise of the Over-
        allotment Option, such that the public will be informed of the minimum public float requirement
        applicable to the Company;


(ii)    will increase the public float percentage to approximately 17.7% through applying for H share full
        circulation to convert certain Domestic Shares and Unlisted Foreign Shares into H Shares, completion
        of which is subject to CSRC’s approval, within a period of one year from the Listing Date and make
        appropriate announcement and/or disclosure after the Listing pursuant to the Listing Rules in respect
        of such conversion of Domestic Shares and Unlisted Foreign Shares into H Shares;


(iii)   will ensure an open market in the H Shares, and the number of H Shares to be held by the public and
        their distribution would enable the market to operate properly with a lower percentage;


(iv)    will confirm the sufficiency of public float in successive annual reports after the Listing;


(v)     will implement appropriate measures and mechanisms to ensure continual maintenance of the
        minimum 10.0% public float of H Shares (or such higher percentage upon the completion of any
        exercise of the Over-allotment Option); and


(vi)    in the event that the public float percentage falls below the minimum percentage prescribed by the
        Stock Exchange, the Directors will take appropriate steps to ensure the minimum percentage of public
        float prescribed by the Stock Exchange is complied with.


Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors
as at the Latest Practicable Date prior to the issue of this annual report, the Company is not aware of any
deviation from the above confirmation.




                                                                                     Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   75
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     CHARITABLE DONATIONS
     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group made charitable and other donations in a total amount of
     RMB0.7 million.


     AUDITOR
     Ernst & Young has reviewed the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.
     The resolution on the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company will be proposed at
     the annual general meeting for approval.


     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The declaration and payment of dividends shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board. The
     Board shall also take into account the following factors when considering whether to propose dividends
     and determining the dividend amount: our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, payments
     by our subsidiaries of cash dividends to us, business prospects, statutory, regulatory and contractual
     restrictions on our declaration and payment of dividends, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
     Group’s business and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial
     performance and position of the Group, as well as other factors that our Board may consider important. No
     dividend will be declared or payable except out of our profits lawfully available for distribution.


     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in the
     consolidated statements of changes in equity in this annual report. As at December 31, 2022, the distributable
     reserves of the Company were approximately RMB2,106.8 million.


     DIVIDEND
     The Board recommends a final dividend totalling 10% of the EBITDA, with RMB0.241 per share (including
     tax), which will be declared to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 (“2022 Final Dividend”),
     which is subject to the approval by Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.
     2022 Final Dividend is expected to be paid in cash on or about July 7, 2023 to Shareholders whose names
     appear on the register of members of the Company on June 26, 2023.




76   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                   REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
(a) For Determining the Entitlement of the Shareholders to Attend
    and Vote at the Annual General Meeting

      The register of members of the Company will be closed from May 15, 2023 to June 16, 2023 (both
      days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order
      to determine the identity of members who are entitled to attend and vote at the annual general
      meeting, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged
      with the H Share Registrar of the Company, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance
      Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on May 12, 2023.


(b) For Determining the Entitlement of the Shareholders to the
    Proposed 2022 Final Dividend

      Subject to the approval by Shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting, the 2022 Final
      Dividend will be paid on or about July 7, 2023. For determining the entitlement to the proposed 2022
      Final Dividend, the register of members of the Company will be closed from June 22, 2023 to June
      26, 2023 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order
      to qualify for the entitlement to the proposed 2022 Final Dividend, all share transfer documents of the
      Company accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the H Share Registrar of
      the Company, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
      Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on June 21, 2023.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company will be held on June 16, 2023. The notice of the
annual general meeting will be published on the websites of the Stock Exchange (http://www.hkexnews.
hk) and the Company (https://www.onewo.com) and despatched to the shareholders of the Company in due
course.


PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVICE RECOMMENDED
In accordance with the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China and its implementation
rules and the Notice of the State Taxation Administration on Issues Concerning Withholding the Enterprise
Income Tax on the Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to H Shareholders who are Overseas Non-
resident Enterprises (Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (國家稅務總局《關於中國居民企業向境外H股非居民企
                       (國稅函[2008]897號)), as a PRC Domestic Enterprise,
業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題的通知》
the Company will, after withholding 10% of the final dividend as enterprise income tax, distribute the final
dividend to non-resident enterprise Shareholders whose names appear on the H Shares register of members
(i.e. any Shareholders who hold H Shares in the name of non-individual shareholders, including but not limited
to HKSCC Nominees Limited, other nominees, trustees, or H Shareholders registered in the name of other




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    77
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     organizations and groups). After receiving dividends, the non-resident enterprise Shareholders may apply to
     the competent tax authorities for enjoying treatment of taxation treaties (arrangement) in person or by proxy
     or by the Company, and provide information to prove that it is an actual beneficiary under the requirements
     of such taxation treaties (arrangement). After the competent tax authorities have verified that there is no
     error, it shall refund the tax difference between the amount of tax levied and the amount of tax payable
     calculated at the tax rate under the requirements of the relevant taxation treaties (arrangement).


     Pursuant to the Notice on the Issues Regarding Levy of Individual Income Tax after the Abolishment of Guo
     Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 Document (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (
                                                                  《關於國稅發[1993]045號文件廢止後有關
                 (國稅函[2011]348 號)), the Company shall withhold and pay individual income tax
     個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》
     for individual holders of H Shares. If the individual holders of H Shares are Hong Kong or Macau residents or
     residents of other countries or regions that have a tax rate of 10% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the
     Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of such Shareholders.


     If the individual holders of H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate lower than
     10% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the
     rate of 10% on behalf of such Shareholders. If such shareholders claim refund of the amount in excess of
     the individual income tax payable under the relevant tax treaties, the Company may apply, on behalf of such
     shareholders and according to the relevant tax treaties, for the treatment under tax treaties, provided that
     the relevant Shareholders submit the relevant documents and information required by the Administrative
     Measures on Enjoying Treatment under Tax Treaties by Non-resident Taxpayers (State Taxation Administration
     Announcement, 2015, No. 60) (                 (國家稅務總局公告2015年第60號))
                                《非居民納稅人享受稅收協議待遇管理辦法》
     and the provisions of the relevant tax treaties in a timely manner. The Company will assist with the tax refund
     for the overpaid tax subject to the approval of the competent tax authorities.


     If the individual holders of H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate higher than
     10% but lower than 20% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will withhold and pay individual
     income tax at the applicable tax rates stated in such tax treaties on behalf of such Shareholders.


     If the individual holders of H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate of 20% under
     the tax treaties with the PRC, or have not entered into any tax treaties with the PRC, or otherwise, the
     Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of such Shareholders.


     If the shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in,
     or the exercise of any rights in relation to the shares, they are advised to consult an expert.


     On behalf of the Board
     Onewo Inc.
     Zhu Baoquan
     Chairman, Executive Director and General Manager


     Shenzhen, April 26, 2023




78   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
             REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS

The Board of Supervisors of the Company hereby presents the Shareholders the report of the Board of
Supervisors for the financial year ended December 31, 2022.


During the year ended December 31, 2022, with the principle of being accountable to shareholders, the Board
of Supervisors stood firmly on the Company’s culture and values, conscientiously performed its duties and
obligations, reviewed the financial accounts of the Company and supervised the management and operation of
the Company, the implementation of the resolutions approved at general meetings and the compliance with
relevant laws and regulations and Articles of Association by Directors and senior management in discharging
their duties, in accordance with the requirements of Listing Rules, Articles of Association and Procedural Rules
for the Board of Supervisors, etc.


The Board of Supervisors was of the view that the Company was in standard operation in accordance with
the requirements of relevant laws and regulations such as Listing Rules and management systems such as
Articles of Association and that the diligent performance of Directors and senior management has effectively
safeguarded the interest of the Company and shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2022.


THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS AND
MEMBERSHIP CHANGE DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
As of December 31, 2022, the Board of Supervisors of the Company consisted of three members, comprising
one chairperson of the Board of Supervisors, one Supervisor and one employee representative Supervisor.
According to Articles of Association, the term of office of a Supervisor shall be three years, renewable upon
re-election and re-appointment.


The composition of the Board of Supervisors is as follows:


Name                                     Position


Ms. Xiang Yun                            Chairperson of the Board of Supervisors
Ms. Han Huihua                           Shareholder Representative Supervisor
Mr. Wu Jianxia                           Employee Representative Supervisor


THE MAJOR WORK PERFORMED BY THE BOARD OF
SUPERVISORS IN 2022
The major work performed by the Board of Supervisors during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as
follows:


1.     Held the Meetings of the Board of Supervisors and Diligently
       Performed the Duties of Board of Supervisors

       During the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of 2 meetings of the Board of Supervisors were
       held by the Board of Supervisors. The attendances of Supervisors at the meetings of the Board of
       Supervisors are as follows:




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     79
     REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS


                                                                                                Number of actual
                                                                                          attendances/number of
           Name                         Supervisor category                               scheduled attendances


           Xiang Yun                    Chairperson of the Board of Supervisors                                 2/2
           Han Huihua                   Shareholder Representative Supervisor                                   2/2
           Wu Jianxia                   Employee Representative Supervisor                                      2/2

     2.    Supervising the Performance of Duties by Directors and Senior
           Management

           During the year ended December 31, 2022, the members of the Board of Supervisors reviewed each
           Board resolution, inspected the Company’s daily operations and management, and supervised the
           performance of duties of Directors and senior management of the Company by attending the meetings
           of the Board of Directors.


     3.    Supervising the Operations of the Company

           During the year ended December 31, 2022, the members of the Board of Supervisors participated in
           the discussion of the condition of the Company’s operations and supervised the Company’s operations
           through attending meetings of the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting of the
           Company. The Board of Supervisors believes that all business activities of the Company have complied
           with relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association.


           In 2022, the Board of Supervisors strengthened its tour of inspection of each business unit, and
           gave a warning to the areas with poor investigation results on employee integrity and prominent
           internal control issues in some business units during on-site visits, interviews, seminars and trainings,
           urging relevant management personnel to be more attentive to their duties, improve internal control
           construction, and prevent the exposures to career limits breakdown; and promoted the establishment
           of integrity systems for all business segments to create an honest working environment.


     INDEPENDENT OPINIONS ON CERTAIN MATTERS OF THE
     COMPANY
     1.    Compliance of the Company’s Operations with the Law

           The Board of Supervisors believes that the Company has been able to operate under the law and
           standardize its management, and the operating results are objective and authentic. The Company’s
           internal control management has been gradually improved, and a relatively sound and comprehensive
           internal control system has been established to enable effective risk identification and control, ensure
           the normal and orderly operation of each business of the Company, and ensure the safety and integrity
           of the Company’s capital assets. The Company’s Directors and senior management have been able
           to carefully and conscientiously exercise their functions and powers pursuant to relevant laws and
           regulations, and no breach of laws or regulations that harms the interests of shareholders has come to
           the notice of the Board of Supervisors.


80   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
           REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS


2.   Inspection of the Company’s Financial Position

     The Board of Supervisors carefully supervised, inspected and audited the financial position, financial
     management and operating results of the Company during the Reporting Period, and reviewed the
     Group’s audited financial report and other financial information for the year ended December 31,
     2022. The Board of Supervisors is of the view that the audited report gives a comprehensive, truthful
     and objective reflection of the operating results and financial position of the Company, without any
     false records, misleading statements or material omissions.


3.   Performance Evaluation of Directors and Senior Management

     The Board of Supervisors believes that the Directors and senior management of the Company have
     been law-abiding, dutiful, pragmatic and dedicated and have adopted a legal decision-making process,
     effectively safeguarding the interests of the Company and its shareholders.


4.   Continuing Connected Transactions

     During the year ended December 31, 2022, the continuing connected transactions of the Company
     were carried out in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group on normal or better
     commercial terms and under the relevant agreements governing such transactions and the terms are
     fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders as a whole. The consideration, voting,
     disclosure and performance in connection with the continuing connected transactions were compliant
     with the relevant provisions of laws, regulations and the articles of association.




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Group is committed to implementing high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the
     interests of the shareholders of the Company and enhance the corporate value as well as the responsibility
     commitments.


     The Group is fully aware of the important role played by the Board of Directors in providing effective guidance
     for the Group’s business and ensuring the transparency and accountability of the Group’s operations. The
     Board of Directors fully understands that good corporate governance will lead the Group to success and
     enhance Shareholders’ value. Therefore, the Board of Directors formulates a series of corporate governance
     policies and systems to protect Shareholders’ interests and enhance corporate value. At the same time, all
     Directors shall act with integrity, lead by example and be committed to promoting the corporate culture.


     The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance, and to the best knowledge
     of the Directors, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code after
     the listing and during the Reporting Period, save as disclosed below.


     Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
     separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Zhu Baoquan is the chairman of our Board
     and the general manager of our Company and the roles of Mr. Zhu Baoquan have not been separate as
     required under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code.


     In view of the fact that Mr. Zhu Baoquan has been managing and operating the Company as the Chairman,
     an executive Director and the general manager of the Company since February 2011, the Board believes that
     Mr. Zhu Baoquan should continue to assume the responsibilities of the general manager of the Company
     as this arrangement will improve the efficiency of the Company’s decision-making and execution process,
     and provide strong and consistent leadership to the Company. Further, the Company has put in place an
     appropriate check-and-balance mechanism through the Board and the independent non-executive Directors.
     In light of the above, the Board considers that the deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code is
     appropriate in the circumstances of the Company. The Board will review the current structure from time to
     time and will make any necessary arrangement as appropriate.


     During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Zhu Baoquan, Chairman of the Board, held a meeting
     (without other Directors' attendance) with Independent non-executive Directors to discuss the Company’s
     strategy and future development direction. At the same time, Mr. Zhu Baoquan encouraged all Directors to
     actively express their opinions on the Company’s operation and development and matters of concern to the
     Company, to ensure that appropriate steps were taken to effectively communicate with Shareholders, to
     ensure that Shareholders’ views could be delivered to the entire Board of Directors, and to take appropriate
     steps to ensure that Shareholders could measure the application of relevant corporate governance principles.


     Directors use their best endeavors to procure the Company to continue to comply with the CG Code.




82   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


INDUCTION TRAINING AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL
DEVELOPMENT
Each Director will be provided with the necessary induction training and data to ensure that he/she has a
full understanding of the operations and business of the Company and his/her responsibilities in accordance
with the relevant regulations, articles, laws, rules and legislation. The Company will continue to arrange
seminars regularly to provide the latest development and changes of Listing Rules and other relevant laws
and regulations from time to time. Directors are also regularly provided with updates on the performance,
positions, and prospects of the Company to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to perform their
duties.


During the Reporting Period, the Company provides the training material for Listing Rules and other applicable
regulatory requirements to Directors and management of the Company.


                                                                                     Reading or attending
                                                                                briefings and/or seminars
                                                                              and/or conferences relevant
                                                                                         to regulatory and
Name of Directors                                                                     governance updates


Executive Directors
Mr. Zhu Baoquan                                                                                           
Mr. He Shuhua                                                                                             


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Wang Wenjin                                                                                           
Mr. Zhang Xu                                                                                              
Mr. Sun Jia                                                                                               
Mr. Zhou Qi                                                                                               
Mr. Yao Jinbo                                                                                             


Independent non-executive Directors
Ms. Law Elizabeth                                                                                         
Mr. Chen Yuyu                                                                                             
Mr. Shen Haipeng                                                                                          
Mr. Song Yunfeng                                                                                          




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     THE BOARD
     1.    Responsibilities
           The Board is the main decision-making organization of the Company and assumes the responsibility of
           leadership and control of the Company, and supervises and approves significant decisions regarding
           financial performance, strategic development objectives and operations of the Company. The Board
           delegates to the management authority and responsibility for the Company’s daily operations and
           businesses management according to the Board’s instructions. The Board has established three
           committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
           Committee of the Board (together, the “Board Committees”), and has delegated to the Board
           Committees various duties. All the Board Committees perform their distinct roles in accordance with
           their respective terms of reference.

           All Directors shall at all times ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with
           applicable laws and regulations, and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders.

           Under the leadership and supervision of the general manager, the senior management of the Group
           is responsible for the management of the Company’s daily operations and the operation of various
           functions. The Board of Directors gives clear instructions to the senior management by reviewing the
           Company’s annual key work and other matters. Matters delegated by the Board to the management
           include the implementation of strategies and directions determined by the Board, the Group’s business
           operations and compliance with applicable laws.

           The Board of Directors also retains its decision-making power on all major matters of the Group,
           including approval and monitoring of all corporate governance and policy matters, overall strategy
           and budget, risk management and internal control systems, major transactions (especially major
           transactions that may involve conflicts of interest), financial information, appointment of Directors and
           other material financial and operational matters.

     2.    Board Composition
           Executive Directors

           Mr. Zhu Baoquan
           Mr. He Shuhua

           Non-executive Directors

           Mr. Wang Wenjin
           Mr. Zhang Xu
           Mr. Sun Jia
           Mr. Zhou Qi
           Mr. Yao Jinbo

           Independent non-executive Directors

           Ms. Law Elizabeth
           Mr. Chen Yuyu
           Mr. Shen Haipeng
           Mr. Song Yunfeng


84   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     There is no material financial, business, family or other relationship between any members of the Board.
     The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and
     Senior Management” in this annual report. All the Directors, including the independent non-executive
     Directors, bring a wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism
     to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. The independent non-executive Directors are
     invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee
     of the Company.


     The Company has complied with Rule 3.10 and Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, which relates to the
     appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board with
     one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
     management expertise. The Company has received a confirmation of independence from each of the
     independent non-executive Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board has assessed
     their independence and concluded that all the independent non-executive Directors are considered to
     be independent pursuant to the Listing Rules.


     Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has
     entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years.


3.   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer
     should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Zhu Baoquan is the
     chairman of the Board and the general manager of our Company and the roles of Mr. Zhu Baoquan
     have not been separate as required under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     85
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

           In view of the fact that Mr. Zhu Baoquan has been managing and operating the Company as the
           Chairman, an executive Director and the general manager of the Company since February 2011, the
           Board believes that Mr. Zhu Baoquan should continue to assume the responsibilities of the general
           manager of the Company as this arrangement will improve the efficiency of the Company’s decision-
           making and execution process, and provide strong and consistent leadership to the Company. Further,
           the Company has put in place an appropriate check-and-balance mechanism through the Board and
           the independent non-executive Directors. In light of the above, the Board considers that the deviation
           from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code is appropriate in the circumstances of the Company. The
           Board will review the current structure from time to time and will make any necessary arrangement as
           appropriate.


     4.    Board Meetings

           Code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code prescribes that at least four regular Board meetings should be
           held in each year at approximately quarterly intervals with active participation of majority of directors,
           either in person or through electronic means of communication.


           The Company has adopted the practice of holding Board meetings regularly. Notices of not less than
           14 days are given of all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with the opportunity to attend
           and include matters in the agenda. For other committee meetings, a notice will be given 3 days prior
           to the meeting. When the Directors or committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they are
           advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the
           chairman prior to the meeting.


           Minutes of the Board meetings and committee meetings are recorded in detail and include the matters
           considered by the Board and the committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised
           by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and committee meeting are sent to the Directors
           within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held, which allows enough time for
           them to request amendments.




86   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

From the Listing Date of the Company to the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company convened
3 Board meetings and had not convened any general meetings. The table below sets forth the details
of the attendance at these Board meetings:


                                                             Number of meetings attended/
Name of Directors                                       held during the Director’s term of office
                                                                                     Board Meetings


Executive Directors
Mr. Zhu Baoquan                                                                                    2/2
Mr. He Shuhua                                                                                      2/2


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Wang Wenjin                                                                                    2/2
Mr. Zhang Xu                                                                                       2/2
Mr. Sun Jia                                                                                        2/2
Mr. Zhou Qi                                                                                        2/2
Mr. Yao Jinbo                                                                                      2/2


Independent non-executive Directors
Ms. Law Elizabeth                                                                                  2/2
Mr. Chen Yuyu                                                                                      2/2
Mr. Shen Haipeng                                                                                   2/2
Mr. Song Yunfeng                                                                                   2/2

The combination of executive Directors and non-executive Directors in the Board of Directors is
balanced, so that the Board of Directors maintains independence and can make effective independent
judgments. The functions of the non-executive Directors include: (i) participating in Board meetings
to bring an independent judgement to bear on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability,
resources, key appointments and standards of conduct; (ii) taking the lead where potential conflicts
of interests arise; (iii) being invited to serve as members of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
Committee, and the Nomination Committee; and (iv) scrutinizing the Company's performance in
achieving agreed corporate goals and objectives, and monitoring performance reporting.


When a Director is connected to companies involved in a resolution of the Board meeting and has
a material interest in a resolution or there are other circumstances stipulated by laws, such Director
shall abstain from voting on the resolution and shall not exercise the voting rights on behalf of other
Directors. When calculating the quorum of Directors present at the meeting, such Director shall not be
counted.




                                                                         Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    87
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     BOARD COMMITTEES
     The Company has established the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
     Committee. Each of these committees has specific written terms of reference which clarifies their powers and
     duties. The chairpersons of these committees will report their findings and recommendations to the Board
     after each meeting.

     1.    Audit Committee

           The Board has established an audit committee in compliance with Rules 3.21 and 3.22 of the Listing
           Rules and code provision D.3 of the CG Code, and has adopted corresponding written terms of
           reference. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review, supervise and coordinate the
           external and internal audit process, propose the engagement or replacement of the external auditors,
           review the financial information and its disclosure as well as the internal control system of the
           Company, and other matters authorized by the Board. The Audit Committee currently consists of
           one non-executive Director (namely Mr. Wang Wenjin) and two independent non-executive Directors
           (namely Ms. Law Elizabeth and Mr. Chen Yuyu). The Audit Committee is currently chaired by Ms. Law
           Elizabeth, who possesses suitable professional qualifications.

           The Audit Committee convened one meeting during the Reporting Period to review the interim
           financial report and significant issues on the financial reporting, operational and compliance controls,
           and reported the results of the review to the Board of Directors. The table below sets forth the details
           of the attendance at these meetings:

                                                                               Number of meetings attended/
           Name of committee member                                   held during the Director’s term of office

           Ms. Law Elizabeth (Chairperson)                                                                     1/1
           Mr. Wang Wenjin                                                                                     1/1
           Mr. Chen Yuyu                                                                                       1/1

           The Audit Committee has reviewed the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the
           year ended December 31, 2022 and confirmed that it has complied all applicable accounting principles,
           standards and requirements, and made sufficient disclosures. The Audit Committee has also discussed
           the matters of audit and financial reporting. The Audit Committee has also reviewed the significant
           issues on the financial reporting, compliance procedures, internal control and risk management systems
           and connected transactions, and has discussed with the auditor of the Company about the tasks it had
           performed.

           The Audit Committee has reviewed the remuneration of the auditor for the year ended December 31,
           2022 and has recommended the Board to re-appoint Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company
           for the year ended December 31, 2023, subject to the approval by Shareholders at the annual general
           meeting.




88   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The duties and priorities of the Audit Committee during the period from Listing Date to December 31,
     2022 included, among others, the oversight of the Company’s financial reporting system and internal
     risk management and control system, monitoring the integrity of the preparation of the Company’s
     financial information (including interim and annual results of the Company), reviewing the Group’s
     financial and accounting policies and practices and monitoring the effectiveness of the internal audit
     function. The Audit Committee also supervises and manages the relationship with the Group’s external
     auditor, which covers reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity
     and the effectiveness of the audit process conducted in accordance with applicable standards.


2.   Remuneration Committee

     The Board has established a remuneration committee in compliance with Rules 3.25 and 3.26 of the
     Listing Rules and code provisions E.1.1 and E.1.5 of the CG Code, and has adopted corresponding
     written terms of reference. The primary responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are to
     review and make recommendations to the Board regarding the annual performance of our Directors
     and senior management, the terms of remuneration packages, bonuses and other compensation
     payable to our Directors and senior management, and other matters authorized by the Board. The
     Remuneration Committee currently consists of one executive Director (namely Mr. Zhu Baoquan) and
     two independent non-executive Directors (namely Mr. Shen Haipeng and Mr. Song Yunfeng). The
     Remuneration Committee is currently chaired by Mr. Song Yunfeng.


     The Remuneration Committee convened one meeting during the Reporting Period. The table below
     sets forth the details of the attendance at these meetings:


                                                                            Number of meetings attended/
     Name of committee member                                      held during the Director’s term of office


     Mr. Shen Haipeng (Chairperson)                                                                      1/1
     Mr. Zhu Baoquan                                                                                     1/1
     Mr. Song Yunfeng                                                                                    1/1

     The duties and priorities of the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Period include the
     following, among others: considering the remuneration packages of the Company’s Directors,
     Supervisors and senior management and submitting them and making recommendations to the Board;
     approving the terms of the executive Directors’ service contracts, and reviewing and approving material
     matters relating to share schemes during the financial year; considering the Terms of Reference of
     the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee and proposing amendments and submitting them to the
     Board for approval; as well as considering the appraisal criteria, performance evaluation procedures,
     remuneration and rewards and punishment policies for Directors and senior management members.
     The Remuneration Committee may also seek independent professional advice if necessary.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   89
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

           During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed and approved
           the matters concerning allowances of Directors and Supervisors and submitted them to the Board for
           further consideration.


           Remuneration of Directors and senior management

           Directors and members of senior management receive remuneration from the Company in the form of
           salaries, bonuses and other benefits in kind, such as contributions to pension schemes.


           For the year ended December 31, 2022, the expenses incurred by the Company for Director’s
           remuneration (including fees, salaries, contributions to pension schemes and social welfare,
           discretionary bonuses, housing and other allowances and other benefits in kind) were approximately
           RMB10.4 million.


           For the year ended December 31, 2022, the expenses incurred by the Company for the remuneration
           of the five highest paid individuals (including Directors), which included fees, salaries, contributions to
           pension schemes and social welfare, discretionary bonuses, housing and other allowances and other
           benefits in kind, were approximately RMB18.4 million.


           For the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of six Directors, including Mr. Zhu Baoquan, Mr. He
           Shuhua, Mr. Wang Wenjin, Mr. Zhang Xu, Mr. Sun Jia, and Mr. Zhou Qi, confirmed their waivers of
           Director’s remuneration by submitting the “Confirmation Letter of Voluntary Waiver of Director’s
           Remuneration” to the Company. The Board will review and determine the salaries and remuneration
           packages of Directors and senior management, and take the recommendations and advice from the
           Remuneration Committee on board. The Remuneration Committee will consider salaries paid by
           comparable companies, the time committed by Directors and their duties, as well as the Company’s
           performance. No payment was made by the Company to any of our Directors or Supervisors as an
           inducement to join or join the Company or as compensation for loss of office during the Reporting
           Period. The remuneration plan of Directors will be proposed at the general meeting of the Company for
           further approval. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated November
           22, 2022.


           For further details of Director’s remuneration and data about the five highest paid individuals for the
           year ended December 31, 2022, please refer to notes 9 and 10 in Notes to the Consolidated Financial
           Statements.


           In addition, in accordance with code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the annual remuneration ranges
           for the senior management members (other than Directors) during the year ended December 31, 2022
           are as follows:


           Remuneration range                                                                            Head count


           HKD3 million to HKD3.5 million                                                                           3




90   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


3.   Nomination Committee

     The Board has established a nomination committee in compliance with code provision B.3 of the CG
     Code, and has adopted corresponding written terms of reference. The primary responsibilities of the
     Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Board regarding the appointment of
     Directors and senior management, the related criteria and procedures of the appointment and other
     matters authorized by the Board. The Nomination Committee currently consists of one executive
     Director (Mr. Zhu Baoquan) and two independent non-executive Directors (Mr. Song Yunfeng and Mr.
     Chen Yuyu). The Nomination Committee is currently chaired by Mr. Zhu Baoquan.


     The Nomination Committee convened one meeting during the Reporting Period. The table below sets
     forth the details of the attendance of the meeting:


                                                                            Number of meeting attended/
     Name of committee member                                   held during the Director’s term of office


     Mr. Zhu Baoquan (Chairperson)                                                                       1/1
     Mr. Song Yunfeng                                                                                    1/1
     Mr. Chen Yuyu                                                                                       1/1

     As of December 31, 2022, the Nomination Committee convened one meeting to review the Company’s
     nomination policy and to refine the specific considerations and process for the nomination of Directors
     in the nomination policy, forming the Implementation Guidelines for the Nomination of Directors to
     facilitate the nomination and selection of Director candidates of the Company.


     Nomination policy

     In the selection of Director candidates, the Nomination Committee shall take into account the
     relevant provisions of the Company Law of the PRC and the Listing Rules and other applicable laws
     and regulations; and the relevant provisions of the Company’s internal governance documents, such
     as the Articles of Association, the Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee and the Terms
     of Reference of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee. In evaluating the Director candidates,
     the Nomination Committee shall consider the potential contributions that the candidates may bring
     to the Board in terms of qualification, talent, industry and professional experience, independence,
     age, cultural and educational background, racial and gender diversity, the needs of the Company
     and other relevant statutory requirements and provisions as amended from time to time. In addition,
     the Nomination Committee shall consider the following selection criteria and other factors it deems
     appropriate for a position in the Board: (i) adequate matching with Board characteristics; (ii) business
     experience and Board expertise and talent; (iii) time and efforts that can be devoted to the performance
     of Director’s duties; (iv) having a thorough understanding of and interest in the Company’s business
     and being proactive; (v) candidates should be persons of integrity, honesty, good reputation and high
     professional standing; (vi) independence; and (vii) other factors as the Nomination Committee may
     from time to time deem relevant and applicable.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     91
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

           If the Nomination Committee determines that the appointment of additional or alternate directors
           is necessary, it will identify suitable Director candidates through a number of channels, including
           but not limited to: Recommendations from Directors, Shareholders, management, the Company’s
           consultants and external headhunting firms. After compiling a list of prospective candidates and
           conducting interviews, the Nomination Committee will prepare a list of shortlisted candidates and
           make recommendations for the Board’s consideration based on other factors deemed appropriate
           by the selection criteria machine. The Board has the ultimate authority to determine and appoint the
           appropriate Director candidates.


           Board diversity policy

           The Group implements the board diversity policy as a key factor in achieving sustainable development.
           In order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board and to maintain the high standard of corporate
           governance, the Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to
           achieve and maintain diversity in our Board. Pursuant to our board diversity policy, selection of Board
           candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, gender,
           age, cultural and educational background, industry experience, technical capabilities, professional
           qualifications and skills, knowledge, length of service and other related factors. We will also consider
           our own business model and special needs. The ultimate selection of Director candidates will be based
           on merits of the candidates and contributions that the candidates will bring to our Board.


           An analysis of the Board's current composition based on the measurable objectives is set out below:


           1.     Gender


                  Gender group                                                              Male           Female


                  Number of Directors                                                          10                1

           2.     Age


                  Age group                            50 and below           51-55          55-60      Above 60


                  Number of Directors                              6               2                2            1

           3.     Length of service of Directors


                                                           Less than                                    More than
                  Length of service                           1 year      1-3 years     3-10 years       10 years


                  Number of Directors                              4               0                6            1




92   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

4.   Professional qualifications and industry experience


                                                            Professional qualifications and
     Directors                  Role                        industry experience


     Mr. Zhu Baoquan            Executive Director          Property management, business
                                                              administration, corporate
                                                              governance, investment and
                                                              financing, capital operation
     Mr. He Shuhua              Executive Director          Property management, business
                                                              administration, corporate
                                                              governance
     Mr. Wang Wenjin            Non-executive Director      Real estate development and sales,
                                                              investment and financing, capital
                                                              operation, financial accounting
     Mr. Zhang Xu               Non-executive Director      Real estate development and sales,
                                                              investment and financing, capital
                                                              operation
     Mr. Sun Jia                Non-executive Director      Real estate development and sales,
                                                              investment and financing, capital
                                                              operation
     Mr. Zhou Qi                Non-executive Director      Investment and financing, capital
                                                              operation
     Mr. Yao Jinbo              Non-executive Director      Information technology, investment
                                                              and financing
     Ms. Law Elizabeth          Independent Non-executive   Expert in the financial accounting
                                  Director                    field
     Mr. Chen Yuyu              Independent Non-executive   Expert in the economics field
                                  Director
     Mr. Shen Haipeng           Independent Non-executive   Expert in the business management
                                  Director                    field
     Mr. Song Yunfeng           Independent Non-executive   Expert in the legal field
                                  Director




                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    93
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

           The Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including overall management and strategic
           development, human resources, information technology, accounting and financial management, risk
           management and corporate governance. They obtained degrees in various majors including economics,
           business administration and accounting. The Board has three independent non-executive Directors with
           different industry backgrounds, representing one third of the members of our Board. Furthermore, the
           Board has one female member. Taking into account our existing business model and specific needs
           as well as the different background of the Directors, the composition of our Board satisfies our Board
           Diversity Policy.


           Our Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the diversity of the Board and will supervise
           and evaluate the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its continued
           effectiveness and to make recommendations to the Board, where appropriate, on changes to ensure
           the Board maintains a balanced and diverse composition, and the Company will disclose in its corporate
           governance report about the implement of the Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis.


     4.    Corporate Governance Functions

           The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate
           Governance Code. Pursuant to code provision B.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the
           Company has formulated internal policies and mechanisms (including but not limited to the Articles
           of Association, Directors’ Nomination Policy, Terms of Reference of the Remuneration and Nomination
           Committee) to ensure that the Board has access to independent views and opinions. These policies and
           mechanisms cover the Company’s selection criteria, election and appointment procedures for Directors
           (including independent non-executive Directors), the recusal mechanism for Directors to vote on
           relevant proposals to be considered by the Board, and the Directors are entitled to seek independent
           professional advice according to the Company’s policies to perform their duties when necessary. In
           addition, the Board comprises four independent non-executive Directors, who play important roles in
           the Board by virtue of their independent background, judgment and views. The Company will review
           the implementation and effectiveness of the above mechanisms annually to ensure that the Board has
           access to independent views and opinions.


           During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board held one meeting to review the corporate
           governance policies and practices of the Company, the training and continuous professional
           development of Directors and senior management of the Company, the policies and practices of the
           Company in compliance with laws and regulations, the compliance of Model Code, and the compliance
           with the Corporate Governance Code by the Company.




94   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES
TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS OF LISTED ISSUERS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
“Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its code for dealing in securities in the
Company by the Directors and Supervisors. The Directors and Supervisors have confirmed compliance with the
required standard set out in the Model Code since the listing of the Company on the Listing Date up to the
date of this annual report. From the Listing Date up to the date of this report, no incident of non-compliance
of the Model Code by the employees was noted by the Company.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the fees paid/payable to the external auditor of the Company in
respect of audit services and non-audit services is set out as follows:


                                                                                                 Year ended
                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                                        2022
                                                                                                  RMB million


Audit and related service
Annual audit and other services                                                                           5.6
Audit service for listing                                                                                17.5
Non-audit service                                                                                         5.1


THE RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT OF THE DIRECTORS ON
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The responsibility statement of the Directors on financial statements below shall be read in conjunction with
that of the auditor included in the independent auditor’s report in this annual report, while both statements
shall be comprehended separately.


The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for each financial year
that give a true reflection of the operating results of the Company. To the knowledge of the Directors, during
the Reporting Period, there were no material events or circumstances which would have a material adverse
effect on the operations of the Company as a going concern.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    95
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Directors are aware of their responsibility for preparing all data and statements contained in the
     consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 that give true
     and fair opinions on the position, performance and cash flows of the Company for the relevant period. The
     Directors believe that the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December
     31, 2022 have been prepared in accordance with all applicable accounting standards and regulations and the
     amounts reflect the best estimates and reasonable, informed and prudent judgment of the Board of Directors
     and management. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions
     that may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the
     Directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis. The statements of
     the auditor’s responsibility for reporting the consolidated financial statements of the Company are set out in
     the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this annual report.


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Company has formulated its internal control management system in accordance with the Listing Rules, the
     Enterprise Internal Control Regulatory Systems and the COSO Internal Control Framework to better improve
     the governance structure of the Company, strengthen and standardize the internal control and management,
     guarantee the legitimacy and compliance of the Company’s operation and management, the safety of capital
     and assets, the authenticity and integrity of financial reports and relevant information, improve operational
     efficiency and effectiveness, and respond to the changes in the external environment so as to facilitate
     the realization of development strategies. The Company’s internal control is a process implemented by the
     management and all employees of the Company to achieve control objectives. It is closely aligned with
     strategic objectives, adapts to changes and fully identifies risks, and has a certain level of management.
     The Company has established a self-circulation closed-loop management supervision mechanism, accurately
     attributing to responsible person at all levels and tracking improvement management. It provides training and
     consultation for the Company’s internal control activities, supports process control improvement, organizes
     self-inspection and overall internal control assessments.


     The Board is responsible for the establish sound and effective implementation of the Company’s internal
     control and risk management functions to ensure that the Company establishes and maintains effective risk
     management and internal control systems, covering all key monitoring aspects of the Company, including
     financial, operational and compliance monitoring, and to continuously monitor the Company's overall risks
     (including environmental, social and governance risks), scope, quality and procedures of risk management
     and internal monitoring. During the Reporting Period, the Board reviewed the risk management and internal
     monitoring systems and considered them to be adequate and effective, with no material monitoring failures
     or significant monitoring weaknesses identified. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate
     the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance
     against material misstatement or loss.


     The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the design of the Company’s risk management and internal
     control systems on an ongoing basis, directing and coordinating internal audits and other related matters, etc.
     It also evaluates the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal monitoring by reviewing
     the inspection report on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control issued by the Company
     annually.




96   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board of Supervisors oversees the establishment and implementation of internal controls by the Board.


The management is responsible for organizing and leading the day-to-day operation of the internal controls
within the enterprise.


The Risk Management and Internal Control Report for the current year has been submitted to the Audit
Committee for consideration and reviewed by the Board through the Audit Committee.


In accordance with the criteria for identifying internal control defects in financial reporting and non-financial
reporting as set out in the Risk Management and Internal Control Report, the Board considers that there
are no material or significant internal control defects in the Company during the Reporting Period. As of
December 31, 2022, the Company’s risk management and internal control systems are basically sound, and no
defects or abnormal events that have a significant impact on corporate governance, operation management
and development have been found.


The Board also confirms that the Company’s risk management and internal control systems have sufficient
voluntary, professional and experienced staff in accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions, as
well as the training courses received by the staff and the relevant budgets are sufficient.


Business Ethics

The Group has always adhered to the “Positivity” corporate culture. During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Group has adopted the Whistle-blowing Policy to provide channels and guidelines for reporting
possible irregularities, malpractice, and corruption relating to the matters of the Group and guaranteed to
the whistleblower or entity (whistleblower) that the Group would protect whistleblowers from dismissal,
persecution or any form of retaliation for making any true and sincere reports under the Policy.


During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group has adopted the Anti-Corruption Policy to ensure that
relevant employees maintain simplicity, openness and transparency in all business transactions, and establish a
clean and win-win cooperative relationship with partners.


Information Disclosure

In order to regulate the Company’s information disclosure practices, strengthen the management of
information disclosure matters and protect the legitimate interests of investors, the Company has formulated
the Information Disclosure System in accordance with the Listing Rules, the Securities and Futures Ordinance,
the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong
Kong (“SFC”) and other applicable laws and regulations, which it sets out the procedures for the timely
processing and release of the Company’s periodic reports (including annual and interim reports), interim
reports (announcements and disclosures other than periodic reports made by the Company in accordance
with the relevant laws and regulations, including notifiable transactions, inside information, etc.), and the
management of information disclosure to keep stakeholders informed of the Company’s latest position. The
Board regularly reviews the framework and its effectiveness.




                                                                                  Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     97
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Internal Audit

     The Board is responsible for the establishment, integrity and effective implementation of the Company’s
     internal control and risk management functions. The Audit Committee is established under the Board to
     oversee the risk management and internal control systems of the Company on an ongoing basis, assess
     the effective implementation of internal controls and self-evaluation of internal controls, provide guidance
     and coordination on internal audit and other related matters, etc. The Supervisory Committee oversees the
     establishment and implementation of internal controls by the Board. The management is responsible for
     organizing and leading the day-to-day operation of the internal controls of the Company.

     The Company has set up an internal audit department to evaluate the efficiency and effect of internal control
     design and implementation by conducting comprehensive audits, special audits or special investigations, and
     to supervise and inspect the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control design and implementation, and
     promote the continuous improvement and enhancement of the Company’s internal control work quality. For
     internal control deficiencies identified in audits or investigations, the internal audit department shall report to
     the Board of Supervisors, Audit Committee or senior management according to the severity of the issues, and
     urge relevant departments to take active measures to rectify.

     The Board, through the Audit Committee, has annually reviewed the overall effectiveness of the Group’s
     risk management and internal control systems and confirmed that the Company’s risk management and
     internal control systems are generally sound, effective and adequate for the year and no deficiencies and
     anomalies have been identified that have a significant impact on the governance, operation, management and
     development of the Company.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Mr. Huang Min and Ms. Ng Wai Kam have been appointed as the Company's joint company secretaries. Ms.
     Ng Wai Kam is currently a senior manager of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services provider
     specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services.

     All Directors have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate governance
     and board practices and matters.

     Mr. Huang Min, has been designated as the primary contact person at the Company which would work
     and communicate with Ms. Ng on the Company's corporate governance and secretarial and administrative
     matters.

     For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Huang Min and Ms. Ng Wai Kam have undertaken not less than
     15 hours of relevant professional training respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


     SHAREHOLDERS
     Communication with Shareholders and Investors

     The Company is committed to pursuing active dialogue with Shareholders as well as to providing timely
     disclosure of information concerning the Company’s material developments to its Shareholders, investors and
     other stakeholders.




98   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Annual general meeting of the Company serves as an effective platform for communication between the
Shareholders and the Board. As one of the measures to safeguard the Shareholders’ interests and rights,
resolutions will be proposed at general meetings on each substantial matters, including the election of
individual Directors, for Shareholders’ consideration and voting. In addition, the Company regards annual
general meeting as an important event, and all Directors, the chairpersons of all Board Committees, senior
management and external auditor will attend the annual general meeting of the Company to address
Shareholders’ inquiries. If the chairman of the Board or the chairperson of each Board Committee fails to
attend the meeting, then other members of each Board Committee will be invited to attend the annual
general meeting and answer Shareholders’ inquiries thereat. All resolutions proposed at general meetings will
be voted by poll. The voting results will be posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk)
and the Company (www.onewo.com) on the same day of the relevant general meetings.


To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website (www.onewo.com), where the latest
information and updates on its business operation and development, corporate governance practice, contact
information of investor relations and other information are published for the public’s access.


The Company has established various communication channels with its shareholders, including general
meetings, annual and interim results, annual and interim reports, announcements and circulars and results
announcements. In addition, the Company updates its website from time to time to provide shareholders with
the latest information on recent developments of the Company.


During the Reporting Period, the Company has reviewed the timeliness of relevant disclosure information on
the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange and confirmed that the Shareholder Communication
Policy of the Company is effective. The Company will continue to monitor and update its Shareholder
Communication Policy to ensure that Shareholders and the public have timely access to the Company’s
information.


Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an Extraordinary General
Meeting

In accordance with article 80 of the articles of association of the Company, Shareholder(s) individually or
jointly holding more than ten percent of the Company’s total voting shares may sign one or more written
requests in the same format requesting the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’
general meeting or a Shareholders’ class meeting and stating the matters to be considered at the meeting.
The Board of Directors shall convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
meeting as soon as possible after receipt of the aforesaid written request. The abovementioned shareholding
shall be calculated as of the day on which the written request is made. If the Board of Directors fails to issue a
notice of convening such meeting within 30 days after the receipt of the above written request, Shareholder(s)
who made such request may convene the meeting of their own accord within four months upon the Board
of Directors having received such request. The convening procedures shall, to the greatest extent possible, be
identical to procedures according to which general meetings are to be convened by the Board of Directors.
Where shareholders convene and preside over a meeting by themselves as the Board fails to convene the
meeting pursuant to the aforesaid request, the reasonable expenses incurred therefrom shall be borne by the
Company and deducted from the amounts payable by the Company to the defaulting Directors.




                                                                                   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     99
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

      Shareholders, who individually or jointly hold more than three percent of the shares of the Company, shall
      be entitled to submit ad hoc proposals in writing to the convener ten days before the convening of the
      shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general
      meeting within two days after the receipt of the proposals. The Company shall include matters as proposed
      in the proposals that are within the scope of authority of the shareholders’ general meeting in the agenda of
      such meeting, and announce the content of the ad hoc proposals.


      Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board

      Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the investor
      relations, whose contact details are as follows:


      Address:    1806-1807, 18/F, Laws Commercial Plaza, 788 Cheung Sha Wan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
      Email:      ir@onewo.com


      AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
      To reflect the changes in the registered capital and the total number of issued shares of the Company after
      the completion of the Global Offering and the partial exercise of the Over-allotment Option, pursuant to the
      authorization granted by the second extraordinary shareholders’ general meeting held on March 2, 2022
      and further authorization granted by the Board of Directors at the 13th meeting of the 2nd session of the
      Board, the Company has amended the Articles of Association in relation to the registered capital and the total
      number of issued shares, with the amended Articles of Association being effective on November 17, 2022. For
      details of the amendment to the Articles of Association, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated
      November 24, 2022. Save as disclosed above, there were no changes to the Articles of Association of the
      Company during the Reporting Period.


      On behalf of the Board
      Onewo Inc.
      Zhu Baoquan
      Chairman, executive Director and general manager


      Shenzhen, the PRC, April 26, 2023




100   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                       Ernst & Young
                                                 安永會計師事務所                Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                       27/F, One Taikoo Place
                       979 King’s Road           香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號          Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                       Quarry Bay, Hong Kong     太古坊一座 27 樓              ey.com


To the shareholders of Onewo Inc.
A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Onewo Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 107 to 212, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position
as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary
of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how
our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly,
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including
the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   101
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
       Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter


       Assessment of the expected credit losses of trade and retention receivables
       The gross balance of trade and retention              Our audit procedures in relation to the assessment of
       receivables as at 31 December 2022 amounted to        the expected credit losses of the trade and retention
       RMB6,503,767,000, against which an allowance          receivables included:
       for impairment amounting to RMB225,864,000
       was made.                                             • Understood, evaluated and tested management’s
                                                               key controls in relation to the assessment of the
       Management assessed the expected credit                 expected credit losses of trade and retention
       losses of trade and retention receivables               receivables.
       based on expected credit loss rates. Factors
       that management considers in making the               • Obtained the impairment assessments of trade and
       assessment of expected credit losses include the        retention receivables prepared by management to
       Group’s collection history, aging profile of the        understand the credit loss provisioning methodology
       receivables, available information concerning the       adopted by the Group.
       creditworthiness of customers, existing economic
       and industry conditions as well as forward looking    • Assessed the estimated credit loss rates by
       information at the end of the year.                     considering historical cash collection and movements
                                                               of the ageing of trade and retention receivables, the
       We considered this area a key audit matter due to       market conditions and forward-looking factors.
       the significance of the balance to the consolidated
       financial statements and the assessment of the        • Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
       expected credit losses on trade and retention           calculation of the provision for loss allowance.
       receivables involved significant estimates made by
       management.                                           • Tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of ageing
                                                               analysis of receivables prepared by management.
       The accounting policies and disclosures are
       included in notes 3, 23 and 38 to the consolidated    • Examined, on a sample basis, the subsequent
       financial statements.                                   settlement of the receivables to cash receipts and
                                                               the related supporting documentation.


                                                             • Checked the disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                               statements in connection with the impairment of
                                                               trade and retention receivable.




102   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
Key audit matter                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of goodwill
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had goodwill       Our audit procedures in relation to the impairment
of RMB3,700,222,000, which accounted for             assessment of goodwill included:
approximately 10% of the total assets of the
Group.                                               • Obtained an understanding of management’s
                                                       assessment process of goodwill impairment.
For the purposes of impairment assessment
of goodwill, management considered each of           • Assessed the appropriateness of the Group’s
the acquired companies as a separate group of          identification of the CGU based on the Group’s
cash-generated units (“CGU”). Impairment is            accounting policies and our understanding of the
determined by assessing the recoverable amount         Group’s business.
of the cash-generating unit to which the goodwill
relates. This requires an estimation of the value-   • Obtained management’s assessment on goodwill
in-use of the cash-generating units.                   impairment and evaluated the model and
                                                       methodology adopted by management to perform
Significant judgments and estimates were involved      goodwill impairment assessment and the key
in the impairment assessment of goodwill. These        assumptions used by management, with the
significant judgments and estimates include the        involvement of our inhouse valuation experts.
adoption of appropriate model and methodology
to perform impairment assessment of goodwill         • Performed a retrospective review by comparing the
and the use of key assumptions in the value-in-        prior year’s cash flow forecasts with the current
use calculation, which primarily include annual        year’s results to assess the reliability and historical
revenue growth rates, long-term growth rate and        accuracy of management’s forecasting process.
pre-tax discount rates.
                                                     • Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
We considered this area a key audit matter due         calculations of the goodwill impairment assessment.
to the significance of the goodwill balance and
the significant judgments and estimates made by      • Checked the disclosures in the consolidated
management in the impairment assessment of             financial statements in connection with impairment
goodwill.                                              assessment of goodwill.


The accounting policies and disclosures are
included in notes 3 and 17 to the consolidated
financial statements.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      103
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
      information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
      report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
      be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
      regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
      that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of
      the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
      enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
      due to fraud or error.


      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
      and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to
      liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


      The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
      overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




104   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
       due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
       evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
       a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
       involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
       that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
       effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
       estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
       conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
       conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
       the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
       to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
       auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
       going concern.




                                                                                   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     105
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
      •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
             including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
             transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
             business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
             are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
             responsible for our audit opinion.


      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
      of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
      identify during our audit.


      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
      may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
      threats or safeguards applied.


      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
      key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
      disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
      be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
      to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Law Kwok Kee.




      Ernst & Young
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      27 March 2023




106   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                               Notes         2022                2021
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


REVENUE                                                         5      30,105,803         23,704,539
Cost of sales                                                          (25,875,053)       (19,684,527)


Gross profit                                                            4,230,750           4,020,012


Other income and gains, net                                     6         570,614            394,368
Selling and distribution expenses                                        (450,316)           (257,152)
Administrative expenses                                                 (2,153,461)        (1,791,847)
Impairment losses on financial assets, net                               (156,037)            (68,669)
Finance costs                                                   7          (11,228)           (10,207)
Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                (9,549)            33,504


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                               8       2,020,773           2,320,009


Income tax expense                                              11       (434,678)           (605,718)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                     1,586,095           1,714,291


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                  1,510,490           1,667,642
  Non-controlling interests                                                75,605              46,649


                                                                        1,586,095           1,714,291


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
  EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT, IN RMB


Basic and diluted                                               13            1.40               1.65




                                                                         Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   107
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                    Notes      2022          2021
                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000


      PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                   1,586,095    1,714,291


      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME


      Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be
        reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:


      Cash flow hedges:
        Effective portion of changes in fair value of
          hedging instruments arising during the year                29       11,759             –
        Reclassification adjustments for gains included in
          the consolidated statement of profit or loss               29       (11,759)           –
        Income tax effect                                            29             –            –


                                                                                    –            –


      Exchange differences:
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                355        (1,246)


      Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be
        reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods                     355        (1,246)


      Other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be
        reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
      Equity investments designated at fair value through
        other comprehensive income:
        Changes in fair value                                               (586,631)     479,023


      Net other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be
        reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods                (586,631)     479,023


      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
       FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                             (586,276)     477,777


      TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                999,819     2,192,068


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the parent                                                 924,214     2,145,419
        Non-controlling interests                                             75,605        46,649


                                                                             999,819     2,192,068




108   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                  31 December 2022




                                                             Notes        2022                2021
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                 14       666,151            500,639
Investment properties                                         15       579,912            657,110
Right-of-use assets                                           16       231,058            253,086
Intangible assets                                             17      8,506,987          8,244,089
Investments in joint ventures and associates                  18      1,739,177          1,813,232
Equity investments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                  19       910,830           1,497,461
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         20           976                 976
Deferred tax assets                                           21        97,139              56,807
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                   24      2,388,804          1,992,483


Total non-current assets                                             15,121,034        15,015,883


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                   22        69,950            261,296
Trade and retention receivables                               23      6,277,903          4,514,273
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                   24      1,697,854          1,697,630
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         20              –              3,664
Restricted bank deposits                                      25       376,188            305,250
Time deposits with original maturity of over three months     25        21,830            495,713
Cash and cash equivalents                                     25     13,345,063          6,430,557


Total current assets                                                 21,788,788        13,708,383


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and notes payables                                      26      5,319,717          3,243,250
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             191,792            191,792
Contract liabilities                                          27      4,514,977          4,167,711
Other payables and accruals                                   28      6,839,543          7,821,982
Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                              –             11,500
Lease liabilities                                             16       109,438            100,938
Tax payable                                                            738,077            744,715


Total current liabilities                                            17,713,544        16,281,888


NET CURRENT ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)                                      4,075,244         (2,573,505)




                                                                      Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   109
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      31 December 2022




                                                    Notes               2022        2021
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                     19,196,278     12,442,378


      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                     –        4,087
      Other payables and accruals                    28            963,769       815,539
      Provision                                      30            117,283        72,874
      Lease liabilities                              16            124,106       149,609
      Deferred tax liabilities                       21            990,138      1,087,691


      Total non-current liabilities                              2,195,296      2,129,800


      Net assets                                                17,000,982     10,312,578


      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to owners of the parent
      Share capital                                  31          1,178,469      1,050,420
      Other reserves                                 32         15,281,240      8,843,025
                                                                16,459,709      9,893,445


      Non-controlling interests                                    541,273       419,133


      Total equity                                              17,000,982     10,312,578




                                 Zhu Baoquan                He Shuhua
                                      Director               Director




110   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                Year ended 31 December 2021


                                                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                                                                  reserve of
                                                                                                                             financial assets
                                                                                                                                at fair value
                                                                                                                             through other            Exchange
                                                                                                       Share      Capital    comprehensive           fluctuation             Statutory     Retained                  Non-controlling
                                                                                                      capital     reserve            income             reserve      surplus reserve         profits        Total          interests   Total equity
                                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000                RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Note 31)    (Note 32)         (Note 32)           (Note 32)           (Note 32)


                                At 1 January 2021                                                  1,000,000    2,408,435          (217,685)              2,392              325,298     2,736,574     6,255,014           309,576      6,564,590
                                Profit for the year                                                        –            –                  –                  –                     –    1,667,642     1,667,642             46,649     1,714,291
                                Other comprehensive income for the year:
                                Changes in fair value of equity investments at fair value
                                  through other comprehensive income, net of tax                           –            –           479,023                   –                     –             –      479,023                  –       479,023
                                Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                  –            –                  –             (1,246)                    –             –        (1,246)                –         (1,246)


                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                             –            –           479,023              (1,246)                    –    1,667,642     2,145,419             46,649     2,192,068
                                Dividends declared to non-controlling shareholders                         –            –                  –                  –                     –             –             –           (26,850)       (26,850)
                                Dividends declared                                                         –            –                  –                  –                     –    (3,537,000)   (3,537,000)                –    (3,537,000)
                                Issue of shares                                                      50,420     4,980,261                  –                  –                     –             –    5,030,681                  –     5,030,681
                                Transferred from retained earnings                                         –            –                  –                  –              199,912      (199,912)             –                 –              –
                                Partial disposal of subsidiaries and acquisition of subsidiaries           –            –                  –                  –                     –             –             –            96,263        96,263
                                Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                   –         (669)                 –                  –                     –             –          (669)           (6,505)        (7,174)


                                At 31 December 2021                                                1,050,420    7,388,027           261,338               1,146              525,210       667,304     9,893,445           419,133     10,312,578
Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




111
112


                                Year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                                   reserve of
                                                                                                                              financial assets
                                                                                                                                 at fair value
                                                                                                                               through other         Exchange
                                                                                                      Share        Capital    comprehensive         fluctuation        Statutory       Retained                   Non-controlling         Total
Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022



                                                                                                     capital       reserve            income           reserve surplus reserve           profits         Total          interests        equity
                                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Note 31)     (Note 32)          (Note 32)         (Note 32)         (Note 32)


                                At 1 January 2022                                                  1,050,420     7,388,027           261,338             1,146           525,210        667,304      9,893,445           419,133     10,312,578
                                Profit for the year                                                        –             –                  –                 –                   –    1,510,490     1,510,490            75,605      1,586,095
                                Other comprehensive income for the year:
                                Changes in fair value of equity investments at fair value
                                  through other comprehensive income, net of tax                           –             –           (586,631)                –                   –            –      (586,631)                 –      (586,631)
                                Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                  –             –                  –              355                    –            –          355                   –          355


                                Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                             –             –           (586,631)             355                    –    1,510,490      924,214             75,605       999,819
                                Dividends declared to non-controlling shareholders                         –             –                  –                 –                   –            –             –            (16,346)      (16,346)
                                Issue of shares                                                     128,049      5,599,585                  –                 –                   –            –     5,727,634                  –     5,727,634
                                Share issue expenses                                                       –      (105,987)                 –                 –                   –            –      (105,987)                 –      (105,987)
                                Transferred from retained earnings                                         –             –                  –                 –              70,967      (70,967)            –                  –             –
                                Partial disposal of subsidiaries and acquisition of subsidiaries           –       36,504                   –                 –                   –            –       36,504             65,979       102,483
                                Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                   –       (16,101)                 –                 –                   –            –       (16,101)            (3,098)      (19,199)


                                At 31 December 2022                                                1,178,469   12,902,028*           (325,293)*         1,501*          596,177*      2,106,827*    16,459,709           541,273     17,000,982


                                            *           These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of RMB15,281,240,000 (2021: RMB8,843,025,000) in the consolidated statements of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY


                                                        financial position.
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                 Notes        2022                2021
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                        2,020,773           2,320,009
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and amortisation                                   8        854,702            395,304
  Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and
     equipment and investment properties                                    (22,502)           (79,263)
  Fair value gains or losses on financial assets at fair value
     through profit or loss                                       6          (9,589)           (50,389)
  Impairment losses on trade and retention receivables, net      8,23       91,001               6,847
  Impairment losses on prepayments, deposits and other
     receivables, net                                            8,24       65,036              61,822
  Gain on disposal of equity interests                                      (30,957)               (26)
  Gain on remeasurement of the previously held
     interest in an associate                                     6       (215,563)                  –
  Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and
     associates                                                   18         9,549             (33,504)
  Interest income                                                 6         (46,068)           (85,189)
  Finance costs                                                   7         11,228              10,207
  Gain on cash flow hedge (transfer from equity)                  6         (11,759)                 –
  Net foreign exchange differences                                          (11,774)               (81)


                                                                         2,704,077           2,545,737


Decrease in inventories                                                    191,346              69,698
Increase in trade and retention receivables                              (1,875,419)          (731,166)
(Increase)/decrease in prepayments, deposits and other
  receivables                                                             (493,063)             34,559
Increase in trade and notes payables                                     1,968,201            390,813
Increase in other payables and accruals                                    401,673            733,317
Increase in contract liabilities                                           350,559            262,434
Increase in provision                                                       44,409              24,525


                                                                         3,291,783           3,329,917


Tax paid                                                                  (535,468)           (496,306)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                 2,756,315           2,833,611




                                                                          Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   113
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                  Notes        2022          2021
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000


      CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant
        and equipment                                                        14,116        25,154
      Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                   (217,934)     (228,306)
      Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                       105,907       260,690
      Purchase of investment properties                                      (84,360)       (9,869)
      Purchase of intangible assets                                        (240,660)       (46,640)
      Deposits for acquisition of subsidiaries                                     –    (3,000,000)
      Deposits received                                                            –    3,000,000
      Purchase of shareholding in joint ventures and associates              (20,360)    (113,213)
      Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                  15,876        47,130
      Proceeds from disposal of joint ventures and associates                78,343              –
      Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                            –    (1,434,289)
      Step acquisition of a subsidiary                             33      (190,907)             –
      Disposal of subsidiaries                                                (5,368)            –
      Receipt from wealth management products                                13,253       725,966
      Interest received                                                      46,068        85,189
      Increase in pledged deposits                                           (24,347)      (16,485)
      Decrease in time deposits with original maturity
        of over three months                                       25       473,883     1,223,600


      Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities                     (36,490)     518,927


      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Proceeds from issue of shares                                       5,727,634              –
      Proceeds from cash flow hedge                                          11,759              –
      Share issue expenses paid                                              (97,171)            –
      Disposal of non-controlling interests                                  16,322        68,325
      Acquisition of non-controlling interests                               (19,199)       (7,174)
      Repayment of bank loans                                                (15,577)      (18,402)
      Interest paid                                                             (625)         (351)
      Dividends paid                                                      (1,294,001)   (2,242,999)
      Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                         (16,346)      (26,850)
      Interest element of lease rentals paid                                 (10,603)       (9,856)
      Capital element of lease rentals paid                                (119,276)       (81,996)


      Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                  4,182,917     (2,319,303)


      NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                           6,902,742     1,033,235




114   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                            Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                 Notes        2022                2021
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year            6,430,557          5,397,646
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                11,764                (324)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                 13,345,063          6,430,557


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AS STATED IN
  THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                     25     13,345,063          6,430,557




                                                          Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
            Onewo Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) on 20
            February 2001 as a limited liability company. On 20 March 2018, the Company was converted into a
            joint stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the PRC.


            During the year, the Group was involved in the following principal activities:


            •      Community space living consumption services
            •      Commercial and urban space integrated services
            •      AIoT and BPaaS solution services


            In the opinion of the directors, the ultimate holding company of the Company is China Vanke Co., Ltd
            (the “China Vanke”), a public company established in the PRC and its shares are listed on Shenzhen
            Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).




116   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)
     Information about subsidiaries

     The following is a list of principal subsidiaries, all of these are limited liability companies:


                                       Place of                                 Percentage
                                       incorporation/                             of equity
                                       registration            Registered   attributable to
      Company name                     and business         share capital     the Company     Principal activities


      深圳市萬科物業服務有限公司                    PRC/Mainland       RMB 50,000,000                100   Property management
                                       China
      天津萬科物業服務有限公司                     PRC/Mainland       RMB 10,000,000                100   Property management
                                       China
      武漢市萬科物業服務有限公司                    PRC/Mainland       RMB 12,000,000                100   Property management
                                       China
      上海萬科物業服務有限公司                     PRC/Mainland       RMB 12,260,000                100   Property management
                                       China
      瀋陽萬科物業服務有限公司                     PRC/Mainland       RMB 10,000,000                100   Property management
                                       China
      浙江耀江物業管理有限公司                     PRC/Mainland       RMB 50,800,000                 65   Property management
                                       China
      北京戴德梁行物業管理有限公司                   PRC/Mainland       RMB 50,000,000                 65   Property management
                                       China
      北京萬科物業服務有限公司                     PRC/Mainland       RMB 50,000,000                100   Property management
                                       China
      深圳萬物商企物業服務有限公司                   PRC/Mainland       RMB 50,000,000                 65   Property management
                                       China




                                                                                    Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)
            Information about subsidiaries (continued)

                                      Place of                               Percentage
                                      incorporation/                           of equity
                                      registration          Registered    attributable to
              Company name            and business        share capital    the Company      Principal activities


              戴德梁行物業諮詢(上海)有限公司        PRC/Mainland       USD 5,800,000                65    Property management
                                      China
              成都萬科物業服務有限公司            PRC/Mainland     RMB 100,000,000               100    Property management
                                      China
              長春萬科物業服務有限公司            PRC/Mainland      RMB 20,000,000               100    Property management
                                      China
              江蘇蘇南萬科物業服務有限公司          PRC/Mainland      RMB 10,580,000               100    Property management
                                      China
              廣州市萬科物業服務有限公司           PRC/Mainland       RMB 5,000,000               100    Property management
                                      China
              東莞市萬科物業服務有限公司           PRC/Mainland       RMB 5,000,000               100    Property management
                                      China
              廈門市萬科物業服務有限公司           PRC/Mainland      RMB 20,010,000               100    Property management
                                      China
              杭州萬科物業服務有限公司            PRC/Mainland     RMB 100,000,000               100    Property management
                                      China
              南京萬科物業管理有限公司            PRC/Mainland      RMB 12,000,000               100    Property management
                                      China
              深圳市譽鷹物業服務有限公司           PRC/Mainland     RMB 100,000,000               100    Property management
                                      China




118   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)
     Information about subsidiaries (continued)

                           Place of                               Percentage
                           incorporation/                           of equity
                           registration          Registered    attributable to
      Company name         and business        share capital    the Company      Principal activities


      北京萬物商企物業服務有限公司       PRC/Mainland      RMB 50,000,000                65    Property management
                           China
      深圳市萬科物業控股有限公司        PRC/Mainland     RMB 217,293,558               100    Property management
                           China
      浙江大管家物業管理服務有限公司 PRC/Mainland           RMB 20,280,000                51    Property management
                           China
      萬科物業服務(香港)有限公司       Hong Kong             HK$10,000                100    Property management
      深圳市機場物業服務有限公司        PRC/Mainland      RMB 12,820,500                61    Property management
                           China
      深圳市萬物為家控股有限公司        PRC/Mainland       RMB 5,000,000               100    Property management
                           China
      海南譽鷹管理服務有限公司         PRC/Mainland       RMB 5,000,000               100    Property management
                           China
      上海譽盛物業服務有限公司         PRC/Mainland       RMB 1,000,000               100    Property management
                           China
      上海陽光智博生活服務集團         PRC/Mainland     RMB 212,500,000               100    Property management
       有限公司                China
      福建伯恩物業集團有限公司         PRC/Mainland      RMB 62,100,000               100    Property management
                           China
      深圳萬科祥盈管理服務有限公司       PRC/Mainland      RMB 10,000,000               100    Enterprise service
                           China




                                                                      Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)
            Information about subsidiaries (continued)

                                                Place of                                   Percentage
                                                incorporation/                               of equity
                                                registration             Registered    attributable to
              Company name                      and business           share capital     the Company     Principal activities


              深圳市萬睿智能科技有限公司                     PRC/Mainland       RMB 100,000,000                 100   Intelligent engineering
                                                China
              深圳市萬物成長諮詢服務有限公司 PRC/Mainland                          RMB 10,000,000                 100   Investment
                                                China                                                    management
              深圳市樸寓不動產服務有限公司                    PRC/Mainland         RMB 3,000,000                 100   Real estate brokerage
                                                China
              深圳市樸韻繕新科技服務有限公司 PRC/Mainland                           RMB 3,000,000                 100   Home decoration
                                                China                                                    and renovation
              深圳市第五空間網絡科技                       PRC/Mainland         RMB 1,000,000                  45   IT service
                  有限公司 (1)                      China
              深圳市萬物雲科技有限公司                      PRC/Mainland      RMB 1,000,000,000                100   IT service
                                                China
              珠海市萬物雲科技有限公司                      PRC/Mainland        RMB 10,000,000                 100   IT service
                                                China
              深圳市萬物共贏投資有限公司                     PRC/Mainland        RMB 30,000,000                 100   Industrial investment
                                                China
              深圳市萬物空間科技有限公司                     PRC/Mainland         RMB 5,000,000                 100   Public facility
                                                China                                                    management
              深圳市萬物雲城空間運營管理                     PRC/Mainland        RMB 50,000,000                 100   Public facility
                  有限公司                          China                                                    management


            (1)      The Group considers that it controls this company even though it owns less than 50% of the equity interest.
                     This is because the Group could control over the board of directors and the financial and operating policies
                     of this company.


            The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
            affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
            details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive
            length.




120   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022




2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs, which comprise all standards
   and interpretations approved by the International Accounting Standards Board, accounting principles
   generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at
   fair value through profit or loss, financial liability at fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial
   instruments and equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
   which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”)
   and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.


   Basis of consolidation

   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Group for the year ended
   31 December 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly,
   controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable
   returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through
   its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the
   relevant activities of the investee).


   Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company
   has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group
   considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee,
   including:


   (a)    the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


   (b)    rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


   (c)    the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


   The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
   Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the
   date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such
   control ceases.




                                                                                   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
            Basis of consolidation (continued)

            Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
            parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling
            interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses
            and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
            consolidation.


            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
            there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the
            ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


            If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill)
            and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii)
            the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the
            consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or
            deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive
            income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would
            be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


      2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
            The Group has adopted the following revised IFRSs for the current year’s financial statements.


            Amendments to IFRS 3                       Reference to the Conceptual Framework
            Amendments to IFRS 16                      Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use
            Amendments to IFRS 37                      Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
            Annual Improvements to IFRSs               Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
              2018-2020                                  accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41

            The revised standards have had no significant financial effect on these financial statements.




122   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRSs
   The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
   effective, in these financial statements.


       Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                        Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
                                                                 Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3
       Amendments to IFRS 16                                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2
       IFRS 17                                                 Insurance Contracts 1
       Amendments to IFRS 17                                   Insurance Contracts 1,5
       Amendments to IFRS 17                                   Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 –
                                                                 Comparative Information 6
       Amendments to IAS 1                                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                                                                 current 1 (the ”2020 Amendments”) 2, 4
       Amendments to IAS 1                                     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the ”2022
                                                                 Amendments”) 2
       Amendments to IAS 8                                     Definition of Accounting Estimates 1
       Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS                            Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1
         Practice Statement 2
       Amendments to IAS 12                                    Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                                 arising from a Single Transaction 1

   1        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023


   2        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024


   3        No mandatory effective date is determined but available for adoption


   4        As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred
            to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. In addition, as a consequence of the 2020
            Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements –
            Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to
            align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion


   5        As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to
            extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual
            periods beginning before 1 January 2023


   6        An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this
            amendment shall apply it on initial application of HKFRS 17


   The Group is in the process of making an assessment of the impact of these new and revised
   IFRSs upon initial application. So far, the Group has expected that these standards are unlikely to
   have significant effect on the Group’s financial performance and financial position, except for the
   amendments to IAS 12.




                                                                                       Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRSs (Continued)
            Amendments to IAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in IAS 12 so that it no
            longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences,
            such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a
            deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for
            temporary differences arising from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual
            reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to
            leases and decommissioning obligations at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented,
            with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or
            other component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the amendments shall be applied
            prospectively to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is
            permitted.


            The Group has applied the initial recognition exception and did not recognise a deferred tax asset
            and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences for transactions related to leases. Upon initial
            application of these amendments, the Group will recognise deferred tax for all temporary differences
            related to leases at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. During the year, the
            Group has performed a detailed assessment on the impact of amendments to IAS 12. The Group
            has estimated that it will recognise a deferred tax asset of RMB52,641,000 for deductible temporary
            differences associated with lease liabilities and a deferred tax liability of RMB52,641,000 for taxable
            temporary differences associated with right-of-use assets, and recognise the cumulative effect of
            initially applying the amendments as an adjustment to retained profits at 1 January 2022.




124   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   Investments in associates and joint ventures

   An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long-term interest of generally not less than 20%
   of the equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant
   influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but
   is not control or joint control over those policies.


   A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
   arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed
   sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
   require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


   The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
   financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
   impairment losses.


   The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates
   and joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other
   comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly
   in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when
   applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting
   from transactions between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent
   of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide
   evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates
   or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


   If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained
   interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity
   method. In all other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over
   the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any
   difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant
   influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is
   recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Business combinations and goodwill

            Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
            is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of
            assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
            and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business
            combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that
            are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the
            event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
            All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs
            are expensed as incurred.


            The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
            includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
            outputs.


            When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for
            appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
            circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
            embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.


            If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at
            its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


            Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the
            acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value
            with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as
            equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


            Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
            transferred, the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s
            previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
            assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net
            assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain
            purchase.




126   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Business combinations and goodwill (continued)

   After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill
   is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
   the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at
   31 December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is,
   from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-
   generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of
   whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.


   Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group
   of cash-generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-
   generating unit (group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is
   recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.


   Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units)
   and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation
   disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on
   the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of
   the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.


   Fair value measurement

   The Group measures its equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
   income, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial liability at fair value through profit
   or loss and derivative financial instruments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value
   is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
   between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on
   the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in
   the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most
   advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be
   accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that
   market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act
   in their economic best interest.


   A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
   generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
   market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


   The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
   data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and
   minimising the use of unobservable inputs.




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Fair value measurement (continued)

            All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
            categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
            significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


            Level 1 – based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
            Level 2 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                      value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
            Level 3 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                      value measurement is unobservable


            For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
            Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
            categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
            whole) at the end of each reporting period.


            Impairment of non-financial assets

            Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required
            (other than inventories, deferred tax assets, financial assets, investment properties and non-current
            assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the
            asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value-in-use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined
            for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of
            those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for
            the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment,
            a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an
            individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise,
            to the smallest group of cash-generating units.


            An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
            amount. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
            using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
            the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the
            period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.




128   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)

   An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication
   that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such
   an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss
   of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used
   to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying
   amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment
   loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to
   the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.


   Related parties

   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


   a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


          i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


          ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


          iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


          or




                                                                            Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Related parties (continued)

            b)     the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


                   i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                   ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                           fellow subsidiary of the other entity);


                   iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                   iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                           third entity;


                   v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                           Group or an entity related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the post-
                           employment benefit plan;


                   vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                   vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                           key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                   viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                           personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




130   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
   losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any
   directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended
   use.


   Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation,
   such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period
   in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a
   major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant
   parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises
   such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


   Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant
   and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for
   this purpose are as follows:


   Buildings                                                                                      Over 1.37%
   Machinery and motor vehicles                                                          4.80% to 19.20%
   Electronic and other equipment                                                       19.20% to 32.00%
   Leasehold improvements                                                      Over the shorter of relevant
                                                                                    lease term and 20.00%

   Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
   item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately.
   Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
   least at each financial year end.


   An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
   derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.
   Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the
   asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
   relevant asset.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Investment properties

            Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as a
            right-of-use asset which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to earn
            rental income and/or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods
            or services or for administrative purposes; or for sale in the ordinary course of business.


            Investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
            recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
            impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method to write off the
            cost of the investment properties over the estimated useful lives. Where the carrying amount of an
            investment property is greater than its estimated recoverable amount, it is written down immediately
            to its recoverable amount. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property
            are recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.


            An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
            withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or
            loss arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal
            proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the statement of profit or loss in the
            period in which the item is derecognised.


            Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

            Customer relationship acquired in a business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
            date. The customer relationship has a finite useful life and is carried at cost less accumulated
            amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected useful life of
            the customer relationship, which is 10 years. The expected useful life is primarily related to property
            service contracts, and is determined based on management’s best estimate of the total period from
            which the benefits will be derived from the customer relationship and will reflect the consumption of
            future economic benefits from the customer relationship, taking into account: 1) the typical term of the
            property service contracts, 2) the historical track record of successful contract renewal. Intangible assets
            with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment
            whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and
            the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each
            financial year end.




132   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Research and development costs

   All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.


   Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the
   Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
   available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset
   will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the
   ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure
   which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


   Leases

   The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
   contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
   of time in exchange for consideration.




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)

            Group as a lessee

            The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
            leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments
            and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.


            (a)    Right-of-use assets


                   Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date
                   the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any
                   accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of
                   lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised,
                   initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less
                   any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over
                   the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


                    Buildings                                                                             1 to 15 years

                   If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost
                   reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful
                   life of the asset.


                   When a right-of-use asset meets the definition of investment property, it is included in
                   investment properties. The corresponding right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, and
                   subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
                   losses in accordance with the Group’s policy for “Investment properties”.




134   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)

   Group as a lessee (continued)

   (b)   Lease liabilities


         Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of
         lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
         (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
         payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
         value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
         reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of
         a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The
         variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense
         in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


         In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
         rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not
         readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased
         to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the
         carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease
         term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a
         change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying
         asset.


   (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets


         The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (that is
         those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do
         not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value
         assets to leases that are considered to be of low value. Lease payments on short-term leases
         and of low-value assets leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
         terms.




                                                                             Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Investments and other financial assets

            Initial recognition and measurement

            Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair
            value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


            The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual
            cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of
            trade and retention receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which
            the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
            component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial
            asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade and retention receivables that
            do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
            expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the
            policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.


            In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through
            other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
            and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not
            SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


            The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets
            in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from
            collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and
            measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets
            in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value
            through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both
            holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
            aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


            All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is,
            the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are
            purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
            established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.




136   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Investments and other financial assets (continued)

   Subsequent measurement

   The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


   Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

   Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and
   are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the
   asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.


   Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive
   income (equity investments)

   Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity
   investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the
   definition of equity under IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The
   classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.


   Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
   Dividends are recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment
   has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow
   to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably, except when the Group
   benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such
   gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.


   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at
   fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


   This category includes equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at
   fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial
   assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in the statement of profit
   or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits
   associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured
   reliably.




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Derecognition of financial assets

            A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
            assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
            position) when:


            •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


            •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
                   obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
                   “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks
                   and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all
                   the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


            When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a
            pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards
            of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks
            and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the
            transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also
            recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a
            basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.


            Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at
            the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that
            the Group could be required to repay.




138   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets

   The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
   held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash
   flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
   discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will
   include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the
   contractual terms.


   General approach

   ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
   increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default
   events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for
   which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is
   required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of
   the default (a lifetime ECL).


   At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
   increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the
   risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
   occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
   supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-
   looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when
   contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.


   The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due.
   However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal
   or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual
   amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial
   asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)

            General approach (continued)

            Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they
            are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade and retention
            receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


            Stage 1 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                      recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
                      ECLs
            Stage 2 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition
                      but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured
                      at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
            Stage 3 – Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                      originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal
                      to lifetime ECLs


            Simplified approach

            For trade and retention receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the
            Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
            the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the
            Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime
            ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical
            credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic
            environment.




140   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial liabilities

   Initial recognition and measurement

   Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through
   profit or loss, loans and borrowings, or payables, as appropriate. All financial liabilities are recognised
   initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable
   transaction costs. The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and notes payables, other payables and
   accruals, financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and lease liabilities.


   Subsequent measurement

   The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities designated upon initial
   recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.


   Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are
   designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in IFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or
   losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in the statement
   of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are
   presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the statement of profit
   or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include
   any interest charged on these financial liabilities.


   Financial liabilities at amortised cost

   After initial recognition, trade and notes payables, interest-bearing bank borrowings, lease liabilities
   and other payables and accruals are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
   interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are
   stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are
   derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.


   Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
   costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
   included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                    Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Derecognition of financial liabilities

            A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
            expires.


            When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
            different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
            modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability,
            and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or
            loss.


            Offsetting of financial instruments

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement
            of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
            and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities
            simultaneously.


            Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting

            Initial recognition and subsequent measurement

            The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, to hedge its
            foreign currency risk, respectively. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair
            value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at
            fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair
            value is negative.


            Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement
            of profit or loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other
            comprehensive income and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or
            loss.




142   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

   Initial recognition and subsequent measurement (continued)

   For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:


   •     cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either
         attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable
         forecast transaction, or a foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment.


   At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
   relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting, the risk management objective and
   its strategy for undertaking the hedge.


   The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature
   of the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the
   hedge effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how
   the hedge ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of
   the following effectiveness requirements:


   •     There is “an economic relationship” between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.


   •     The effect of credit risk does not “dominate the value changes” that result from that economic
         relationship.


   •     The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of
         the hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument
         that the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.


   Hedges which meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

            Cash flow hedges

            The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in other
            comprehensive income in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised
            immediately in the statement of profit or loss. The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of
            the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the
            hedged item.


            The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are accounted for, depending on the nature
            of the underlying hedged transaction. If the hedged transaction subsequently results in the recognition
            of a non-financial item, the amount accumulated in equity is removed from the separate component
            of equity and included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability. This
            is not a reclassification adjustment and will not be recognised in other comprehensive income for the
            period. This also applies where the hedged forecast transaction of a non-financial asset or non-financial
            liability subsequently becomes a firm commitment to which fair value hedge accounting is applied.


            For any other cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified
            to the statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the same period or periods during
            which the hedged cash flows affect the statement of profit or loss.


            If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in other
            comprehensive income must remain in accumulated other comprehensive income if the hedged future
            cash flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise, the amount will be immediately reclassified to the
            statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment. After the discontinuation, once the hedged
            cash flow occurs, any amount remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income is accounted for
            depending on the nature of the underlying transaction as described above.


            Inventories

            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the first-
            in, first-out basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials,
            direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated
            selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.




144   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Cash and cash equivalents

   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
   on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible
   into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short
   maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on
   demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise
   cash on hand and at banks, including short term time deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash,
   which are not restricted as to use.


   Provisions

   A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a
   past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation,
   provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


   When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value
   at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the
   obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is
   included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.


   The Group provides for warranties in relation to the provision of smart property solutions services for
   general repairs of defects occurring during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type
   warranties granted by the Group are recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the
   level of repairs and returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised where
   appropriate.


   A contingent liability recognised in a business combination is initially measured at its fair value.
   Subsequently, it is measured at the higher of (i) the amount that would be recognised in accordance
   with the general policy for provisions above and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when
   appropriate, the amount of income recognised in accordance with the policy for revenue recognition.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Income tax

            Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit
            or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


            Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
            to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
            enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
            prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.


            Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the
            reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
            reporting purposes.


            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


            •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
                   liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction,
                   affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


            •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
                   can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the
                   foreseeable future.


            Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of
            unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is
            probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and
            the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


            •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
                   initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and,
                   at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;
                   and


            •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is
                   probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit
                   will be available, against which the temporary differences can be utilised.




146   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Income tax (continued)

   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
   to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or
   part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end
   of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient
   taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.


   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period
   when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been
   enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


   Deferred tax relating to items recognised in other comprehensive income or equity is recognised in
   other comprehensive income or equity and not in profit or loss.


   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
   enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and
   deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same
   taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets
   on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in
   which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.


   Tax benefits acquired as part of a business combination, but not satisfying the criteria for separate
   recognition at that date, are recognised subsequently if new information about facts and circumstances
   arises. The adjustment is either treated as a reduction to goodwill (as long as it does not exceed
   goodwill) if it occurred during the measurement period or if it occurred outside the measurement
   period, it is recognised in profit or loss.


   Government grants

   Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the
   grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to
   an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for
   which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue recognition

            Revenue from contracts with customers

            Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred
            to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be
            entitled in exchange for those goods or services.


            The Group provides community space living consumption services, commercial and urban space
            integrated services and AIoT and BPaaS solution services. Revenue from contracts with customers is
            recognised when services are rendered to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to
            which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange of those services.


            When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
            estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the
            customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly
            probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not
            occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


            Community space living consumption services


            Community space living consumption services comprise: (i) Residential property services; (ii) Home-
            related asset services; and (iii) Other community value-added services.


            Residential property services primarily include cleaning services, security services, gardening services
            and repair and maintenance services to property owners, property owners’ associations or residents for
            residential properties. For property services, revenue is recognised when services are rendered to the
            customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
            exchange of those services.


            The Group charged property services fees in respect of the property services on a lump sum basis and
            on a management remuneration basis.


            For property services income from properties managed on a lump sum basis, where the Group acts as
            the principal and is primarily responsible for providing the property services, the Group recognises the
            fee received or receivable from property developers, property owners and residents as its revenue and
            all the costs incurred in providing the residential property services as its cost of services.




148   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue recognition (continued)

   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

   Community space living consumption services (continued)


   For property service income of properties managed on a management remuneration basis, the Group
   acts as an agent and recognises the service income, which is calculated by reference to the total
   property management fee receivable from the property owners, as its revenue for arranging and
   monitoring the services provided by service suppliers to the property owners.


   Home-related asset services mainly include home sale and rental brokerage services and home
   redecoration and furnishing services. Revenue from home sale and rental brokerage services is
   recognised at the point in time when the services are rendered and accepted by the customers.
   Revenue from home redecoration and furnishing service is recognised over time, in the amount the
   Group has a right to bill, because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits
   provided by the Group.


   Other community value-added services mainly include commission income from carpark space sales
   assistance services, which are recognised on a net basis at point in time when the control of properties
   or the use rights of car park spaces are transferred to the customer.


   Commercial and urban space integrated services


   Commercial and urban space integrated services mainly include property and facility management
   services, value-added services for developers and urban space integrated services.


   The Company offers comprehensive property and facility management services including (i) commercial
   property services which focus on tasks of the property management of commercial premises and (ii)
   integrated facility management services which focus on addressing the workplace needs arising from
   the non-core business processes of occupiers. The Group bills for services provided on a monthly
   basis and recognises it as revenue in the amount to which the Group has a right to invoice and that
   corresponds directly with the value of performance completed.


   Value-added services for developers mainly include (i) sales center and model room management;
   (ii) and pre-delivery support services; and (iii) building maintenance services. The Group agrees the
   price for each service with the property developers upfront and issues a monthly bill to the property
   developers which varies based on the actual level of service completed in that month. Revenue from
   value-added services is recognised over time in the amount to which the Group has a right to invoice,
   because the property developers simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
   Group.




                                                                             Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue recognition (continued)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

            AIoT and BPaaS solution services


            AIoT solutions mainly include smart property solutions.


            Smart property solutions mainly include equipment, design, integration and construction which are
            highly interdependent and interrelated. The Group accounts for these goods and services as a single
            performance obligation. Revenue from smart property solutions is recognised over time, using an
            output method to measure progress towards the complete satisfaction of the service, because the
            customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as
            the Group performs and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to
            date.


            BPaaS solutions mainly include remote operation services.


            The service fees are charged based on the nature of services the clients subscribe for as well as the
            number of service requests, which are generally payable on a monthly or quarterly basis. Revenue from
            BPaaS solutions is recognised overtime when such services are rendered.


            Other income

            Interest income is recognised, on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the
            rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
            instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


            Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established,
            it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the
            amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.


            Contract liabilities

            A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received, or a payment is due (whichever is earlier)
            from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are
            recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract.




150   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Contract costs

   Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible
   assets, costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the
   following criteria are met:


   (a)    The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically
          identify.


   (b)    The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in
          continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future.


   (c)    The costs are expected to be recovered.


   The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a
   systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which
   the asset relates. Other contract costs are expensed as incurred.


   Other employee benefits

   Pension scheme

   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate
   in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are
   required to contribute a certain proportion of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The
   contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with
   the rules of the central pension scheme.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      151
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Borrowing costs

            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
            i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
            are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases
            when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on
            the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is
            deducted from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period
            in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in
            connection with the borrowing of funds.


            Dividends

            Dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
            meeting.


            Foreign currencies

            These financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency.
            Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
            statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions
            recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency
            rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
            currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting
            period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the
            statement of profit or loss.


            Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
            using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair
            value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value
            was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value
            is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e.,
            translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive
            income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).




152   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Foreign currencies (continued)

   The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than RMB. As at the
   end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the
   exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss and
   other comprehensive income are translated into RMB at the exchange rates that approximate to those
   prevailing at the dates of the transactions.


   The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
   in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other
   comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of
   profit or loss.


   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of certain overseas
   subsidiaries are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows.
   Frequently recurring cash flows of certain overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are
   translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.




                                                                            Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     153
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
            The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
            estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and
            liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty
            about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material
            adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


            The major judgements, key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation
            uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have the most significant effect on the amounts
            recognised in the financial statements and have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
            the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


            Provision for expected credit losses on trade and retention receivables

            The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade and retention receivables. The provision
            rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns
            (i.e., by customer type).


            The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will
            calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
            instance, if forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead
            to an increased number of defaults, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date,
            the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are
            analysed.


            The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions
            and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and
            forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic
            conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information
            about the ECLs on the Group’s trade and retention receivables is disclosed in note 38 to the financial
            statements.




154   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
     (continued)


     Provision for ECLs on payments on behalf of property owners for properties
     managed on a management remuneration basis

     Payments on behalf of property owners for properties managed on a management remuneration
     basis represent advances made to or operating costs paid on behalf of property owners for properties
     managed on a management remuneration basis. The ECL on these receivables is determined by
     the Group based on (i) the net present value of expected future cash flows of respective property
     management projects, which has included a number of estimations and inputs, such as estimated
     property management fee, estimated collection rates and estimated operating costs; (ii) past repayment
     history; and (iii) where material, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the respective property
     management projects and the economic environment.


     The Group’s estimation on expected future cash flows of the relevant property management projects
     and forecast of economic conditions may not be representative of the actual cash flows in the future
     and significant management estimates are required in the estimates. When the actual outcome of
     expectation in future is different from the original estimates, such differences will impact the carrying
     amount of payments on behalf of property owners for properties managed on a management
     remuneration basis and the amount of ECLs provided or reversed in the periods in which such
     estimates have been changed. The information about the ECLs on these receivables is disclosed in note
     24 to the financial statements.


     Classification of car parking spaces between investment properties and
     inventories

     The Group holds a certain amount of investment properties, which primarily consist of carpark spaces
     owned by the Group, which are mainly purchased from the controlling shareholder for earning rentals
     and/or capital appreciation. Judgement is made by management on determining whether a car parking
     space is designated as an investment property or an inventory. The Group considers its intention of
     holding the properties at the acquisition stage of the related car parking spaces for financial statement
     classification of these car parking spaces.


     Car parking spaces intended to be held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation are accounted
     for as investment properties in non-current assets and measured initially at cost. Subsequent to initial
     recognition, these car parking spaces are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
     impairment losses, if any.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      155
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
            (continued)


            Impairment of goodwill

            The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an
            estimation of the value-in-use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated.
            Estimating the value-in-use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash
            flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate
            the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amounts of goodwill at 31 December 2022 was
            RMB3,700,222,000 (2021: RMB3,700,222,000). Further details are given in note 17.


            Depreciation and amortisation

            Depreciation and amortisation are calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each
            item of property, plant and equipment and intangible asset to its residual value over its estimated
            useful life. The estimated useful lives and dates that the Group places the items of property, plant and
            equipment into productive use reflect the directors’ estimate of the periods that the Group intends
            to derive future economic benefits from the use of the Group’s property, plant and equipment and
            intangible assets.


            Deferred tax assets

            Deferred tax assets are recognised for all unused tax losses and unabsorbed depreciation allowances
            to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits would be available against which the losses
            and other deductible temporary differences could be utilised. Significant management judgement is
            required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that could be recognised, based on the likely
            timing and extent of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.


            Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)

            The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the
            end of each reporting period. Non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators
            that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of
            an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value
            less costs of disposal and its value-in-use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is
            based on available data from binding sales transactions of similar assets or observable market prices
            less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value-in-use calculations are undertaken,
            management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and
            choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.




156   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
     (continued)


     Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

     The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an
     incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the
     Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary
     to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment.
     The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no
     observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or
     when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease.


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular
     internal financial information reported to the executive directors for their decisions about resources
     allocation to the Group’s business components and for their review of the performance of those
     components. The business components in the internal financial information reported to the executive
     directors are determined following the Group’s major product lines.


     During the reporting period, the Group was principally engaged in the provision of community space
     living consumption services, commercial and urban space integrated services and AIoT and BPaaS
     solution services in the PRC. Management reviews the operating results of the business as a single
     operating segment to make decisions about resources to be allocated. Therefore, the executive
     directors regard that there is only one segment which is used to make strategic decisions.


     The principal operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC and majority of revenue was
     derived in the PRC during the reporting period.


     As at 31 December 2022, except for the equity investments designated at fair value through other
     comprehensive income, majority of the non-current assets of the Group were located in the PRC.




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     157
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      5.    REVENUE
            An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                            2022        2021
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000


            Types of services
            Community space living consumption services                              16,583,191    13,161,025
            Commercial and urban space integrated services                           11,144,209     8,693,128
            AIoT and BPaaS solution services                                          2,378,403     1,850,386


            Total revenue from contracts with customers                              30,105,803    23,704,539


            Timing of revenue recognition
            Services transferred at a point in time                                   1,307,878     1,457,963
            Services transferred over time                                           28,797,925    22,246,576


            Total revenue from contracts with customers                              30,105,803    23,704,539


            The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that
            were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:


                                                                                            2022        2021
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000


            Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
              at the beginning of the reporting period                                4,167,711     3,546,374




158   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022




5.   REVENUE (continued)
     Performance obligations

     For community space living consumption services (except for home sale and rental brokerage services,
     and carpark space sales assistance services) and commercial and urban space integrated services, the
     performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered to customers. The Group bills the
     amount for services provided on monthly basis or pre-charges service fee on annual basis which will be
     paid shortly after invoice. The Group has elected the practical expedient as described in IFRS 15.121(b)
     for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations for these types of contracts.


     For smart property solutions in AIoT solution services, the sale of equipment and installation services
     are highly interdependent, thus, customers cannot benefit from the equipment or installation services
     either on their own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer.
     A bundle of sale of equipment and installation services is accounted for as a single performance
     obligation. The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment
     is generally due within 30 days from the date of billing. A certain percentage of payment is retained
     by customers until the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to the final payment
     is conditional on the satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over a certain period as
     stipulated in the contracts.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     159
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      6.    OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET
                                                                                     Note                 2022             2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


            Interest income                                                                             46,068           85,189
            Government grants*                                                                         179,000         172,090
            Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
                 through profit or loss                                                                   9,589          50,389
            Gain on disposal of items of investment properties**                                        22,357           80,852
            Gain on disposal of joint ventures and associates                                           31,856                 –
            Gain on remeasurement of the previously held interest in
                 an associate                                                                          215,563                 –
            Foreign exchange differences, net                                                           53,125             (497)
            Gain on cash flow hedge (transfer from equity)                            29                11,759                 –
            Others                                                                                        1,297           6,345


                                                                                                       570,614          394,368


            *        There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.


            **       The Group’s investment properties primarily consist of the use right of car parking spaces, which are mainly
                     purchased from the controlling shareholder and leased to third parties.


      7.    FINANCE COSTS
            An analysis of finance costs from continuing operations is as follows:


                                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


            Interest on bank loans                                                                      625                 351
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                             10,603              9,856


                                                                                                      11,228             10,207




160   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2022




8.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
     The Group’s profit before tax from continuing operations is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                           Notes               2022               2021
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


     Cost of services provided                                                          24,818,740         18,713,553
     Cost of inventories sold                                                             1,056,313           970,974
     Depreciation and amortisation*                                                         854,702           395,304
     Research and development costs                                                         412,459           373,686
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of
          lease liabilities                                                 16               65,663             49,780
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                                    3,491             2,125
     Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’ and
          chief executive’s remuneration (note 9)):
     Wages and salaries                                                                   9,188,247         7,160,261
     Pension costs, housing funds, medical insurances and
          other social insurances**                                                       1,717,311         1,290,701


                                                                                        10,905,558          8,450,962


     Impairment losses on financial assets, net:
     Impairment losses on trade and retention receivables, net              23               91,001              6,847
     Impairment losses on financial assets included in
          prepayments, deposits and other receivables, net                  24               65,036             61,822


                                                                                            156,037             68,669


     (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of property,
          plant and equipment                                                                   (145)            1,589
     Loss/(gain) on disposal of subsidiaries                                                     899                (26)


     *         The depreciation and amortisation included in the cost of service provided aggregated to RMB734,882,000
               (2021: RMB309,578,000) for the year.


     **        There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing
               level of contributions.




                                                                                       Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       161
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      9.    DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S
            REMUNERATION
            Directors’, supervisors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the
            Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
            the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                               2022                                      2021
                                                                                                 Pension
                                                                                          costs, housing
                                                              Salaries,                   funds, medical
                                            Directors’/    allowances                     insurances and
                                           supervisors’   and benefits    Discretionary      other social
                                                  fees         in kind        bonuses         insurances      Total      Total
                                              RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000   RMB’000


            Chairman, executive director
              and general manager:
              Mr. Zhu Baoquan                        –         1,093            5,648                 96     6,837      12,496


            Executive director:
              Mr. He Shuhua                          –            729           2,527                 96     3,352       3,676


            Non-executive directors:
              Mr. Yao Jinbo                       123                –                –              –         123        120
              Mr. Wang Wenjin (b)                    –               –                –              –           –           –
              Mr. Zhang Xu (b)                       –               –                –              –           –           –
              Mr. Sun Jia (b)                        –               –                –              –           –           –
              Mr. Zhou Qi (b)                        –               –                –              –           –           –


            Independent non-executive
              directors: (a)
              Mr. Chen Yuyu                         33               –                –              –          33           –
              Ms. Law Elizabeth                     33               –                –              –          33           –
              Mr. Shen Haipeng                      33               –                –              –          33           –
              Mr. Song Yunfeng                      33               –                –              –          33           –


            Supervisors:
              Ms. Xiang Yun                          –            588                 –              –         588        605
              Ms. Han Huihua (b)                     –               –                –              –           –           –
              Mr. Wu Jianxia                         –            568           1,850                 96     2,514       2,177


                                                  255          2,978           10,025               288     13,546      19,074

            There were no other emoluments payable to the directors during the year (2021: Nil).


162   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022




9.   DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (a) Independent non-executive directors

           In 2022, Mr. Chen Yuyu, Ms. Law Elizabeth, Mr. Shen Haipeng and Mr. Song Yunfeng were
           appointed as independent non-executive directors of the Company. There were emoluments
           payable of RMB132,000 to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2021: Nil).


     (b) Executive, non-executive directors and supervisors

           The emoluments of Mr. Wang Wenjin, Mr. Zhang Xu, Mr. Sun Jia, Mr. Zhou Qi and Ms. Han
           Huihua in relation to their services rendered for the Group during the year were borne by China
           Vanke and not allocated to the Group as management of the Company considers there is no
           reasonable basis for such allocation. There was no arrangement under which a director waived
           or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.


10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
     The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors (2021: two directors), details
     of whose remuneration are set out in note 9 above. The remunerations of the remaining 3 individuals
     (2021: 3 individuals) for the year are as follows:

                                                                               2022                 2021
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                  1,993               2,201
     Discretionary bonuses                                                      5,895               7,451
     Pension costs, housing funds, medical insurances and
       other social insurances                                                    352                 259


                                                                                8,240               9,911




                                                                            Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    163
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)
            The number of non-director highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
            bands is as follows:


                                                                                       2022                2021


            HKD3,000,001 to HKD3,500,000                                                  3                   –
            HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000                                                  –                   2
            HKD4,000,001 to HKD4,500,000                                                  –                   –
            HKD4,500,001 to HKD5,000,000                                                  –                   1


                                                                                          3                   3


            During the year, no highest paid employees waived or agreed to waive any remuneration.


      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
            The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the
            jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.


            The provision for Mainland China current income tax was based on a statutory rate of 25% (2021:
            25%) of the taxable profits during the year as determined in accordance with the PRC Income Tax Law
            and the respective regulations.


            Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) and Implementation Regulation of the
            Enterprise Income Tax Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries are (i) 25% (2021: 25%), or (ii) 15%
            (2021: 15%) if qualified as high and new technology enterprises or registered in the western region,
            Shenzhen Qianhai region and Guangdong Hengqin region of the PRC.


            The subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits tax at the rate of 16.5%
            (2021: 16.5%) on any estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year. No provision
            for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group has no assessable profits derived from or
            earned in Hong Kong during the year.




164   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
    The major components of income tax expenses are as follows:


                                                                                          2022                 2021
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


    Current – PRC                                                                      572,563             616,529
    Deferred tax (note 21)                                                            (137,885)             (10,811)


    Total tax charge for the year                                                      434,678             605,718


    A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
    jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense
    at the effective tax rates, and a reconciliation of the applicable rates (i.e., the statutory tax rates) to the
    effective tax rates, are as follows:


                                                                  2022                             2021
                                                         RMB’000                 %         RMB’000                %


    Profit before tax                                   2,020,773                         2,320,009


    Tax at the statutory tax rate                         505,193              25.0         580,002             25.0
    Lower tax rate for specific provinces or
        enacted by local authority                        (74,447)             (3.7)        (50,387)            (2.2)
    Profits and losses attributable to joint
        ventures and associates                              2,387              0.1           (8,376)           (0.4)
    Super deduction for research and
        development expenses                              (44,817)             (2.2)        (38,972)            (1.7)
    Super deduction for property,
        plant and equipment                               (24,949)             (1.2)               –               –
    Income not subject to tax                             (56,752)             (2.8)               –               –
    Expenses not deductible for tax*                       71,997               3.5          59,314              2.6
    Tax losses utilised from previous periods             (24,560)             (1.2)        (11,993)            (0.5)
    Tax losses and temporary difference
        not recognised                                     80,626               4.0          76,130              3.3


    Tax charge at the effective rate                      434,678              21.5         605,718             26.1

    *       The nature of “Expenses not deductible for tax” mainly represented certain impairment losses of
            prepayments, deposits and other receivables recognised, the welfare and entertainment expenses exceeding
            the tax deduction limits under EIT law and some miscellaneous non-deductible expenses incurred during the
            reporting period.




                                                                                      Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     165
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
            The share of tax attributable to associates and joint ventures amounting to RMB(2,387,000) (2021:
            RMB8,376,000), is included in “Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates” in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss.

            The Group has elected to file combined tax return incorporating assessable profit and tax losses
            attributable to the Group as well as certain properties which are managed by the Group on
            management remuneration basis. As a result of such arrangement, the Group is able to temporarily
            utilise tax losses from managing properties, resulting in deferral of payment of certain provision. The
            utilisation of such tax losses from managing properties and the deferral of the Group’s payment of
            EIT provision had no effect on the consolidated income statement during the reporting period. For
            financial accounting purposes, the Group has made relevant provision by debiting the income tax
            expense and crediting tax liabilities based on assessable profits at the applicable tax rates of their
            property management subsidiaries.


      12. DIVIDENDS
            In 2021, the Company declared a dividend in the amount of RMB3,537,000,000 to the shareholders,
            which had been fully settled during the year.


            At a meeting held by the board on 27 March 2023, the board of directors recommended a final
            dividend of RMB0.241 per ordinary share (including tax) totalling RMB284,063,000 for the year ended
            31 December 2022.


            The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at
            the forthcoming annual general meeting.




166   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022




13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
    EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
   to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
   during the year, as adjusted to reflect the rights issue during the year.


   The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December
   2022 and 2021.


   The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on:


                                                                                   2022                2021


   Earnings
   Profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the parent,
     used in the basic earnings per share calculation (RMB’000)                1,510,490          1,667,642


   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
     the year used in the basic earnings per share calculation           1,082,207,650       1,013,261,151


   Basic and diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                       1.40               1.65




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   167
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                          Machinery    Electronics
                                                          and motor    and other     Leasehold
                                             Buildings      vehicles   equipment improvements         Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


            31 December 2022


            At 1 January 2022:
              Cost                            215,447       144,349       400,457      174,138     934,391
              Accumulated depreciation        (34,860)      (67,048)     (226,738)    (105,106)   (433,752)


              Net carrying amount             180,587        77,301       173,719       69,032     500,639


            At 1 January 2022, net of
               accumulated depreciation       180,587        77,301       173,719       69,032     500,639
              Additions                         9,247       236,663        45,759       36,913     328,582
              Depreciation provided during
                 the year                       (7,446)     (43,651)      (60,499)     (37,486)   (149,082)
              Disposal of subsidiaries               –            –           (17)           –          (17)
              Disposals                         (8,745)      (2,072)       (3,154)           –      (13,971)


            At 31 December 2022, net of
               accumulated depreciation       173,643       268,241       155,808       68,459     666,151


            At 31 December 2022:
              Cost                            212,005       373,062       431,674      211,051    1,227,792
              Accumulated depreciation        (38,362)     (104,821)     (275,866)    (142,592)   (561,641)


              Net carrying amount             173,643       268,241       155,808       68,459     666,151




168   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
                                                Machinery    Electronics
                                                and motor     and other         Leasehold
                                    Buildings     vehicles   equipment       improvements          Total
                                    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000


   31 December 2021


   At 1 January 2021:
     Cost                           151,972       98,641       279,211            132,956       662,780
     Accumulated depreciation        (31,138)     (47,755)    (144,892)           (81,388)      (305,173)


     Net carrying amount            120,834       50,886       134,319             51,568       357,607


   At 1 January 2021, net of
     accumulated depreciation       120,834       50,886       134,319             51,568       357,607
     Additions                       58,638       30,967       111,430             27,271       228,306
     Acquisition of subsidiaries       4,840      10,358        16,163             13,912        45,273
     Depreciation provided during
       the year                       (3,555)     (13,867)      (62,663)          (23,719)      (103,804)
     Disposals                          (170)      (1,043)      (25,530)                –        (26,743)


   At 31 December 2021, net of
     accumulated depreciation       180,587       77,301       173,719             69,032       500,639


   At 31 December 2021:
     Cost                           215,447      144,349       400,457            174,138       934,391
     Accumulated depreciation        (34,860)     (67,048)    (226,738)          (105,106)      (433,752)


     Net carrying amount            180,587       77,301       173,719             69,032       500,639


   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, no property, plant and equipment was pledged.




                                                                           Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    169
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                        2022                   2021
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


            At 1 January:
              Cost                                                                   721,860                 900,550
              Accumulated depreciation                                                (64,750)               (62,363)


              Net carrying amount                                                    657,110                 838,187


            At 1 January, net of accumulated depreciation                            657,110                 838,187
              Additions                                                                18,340                 14,495
              Depreciation provided during the year                                   (11,988)               (15,734)
              Disposals                                                               (83,550)           (179,838)


            At 31 December, net of accumulated depreciation                          579,912                 657,110


            At 31 December:
              Cost                                                                   649,120                 721,860
              Accumulated depreciation                                                (69,208)               (64,750)


              Net carrying amount                                                    579,912                 657,110


            The Group’s investment properties primarily consist of carpark spaces. The Group measures its
            investment properties at historical cost, including transaction costs.


            The fair values of the Group’s investment properties were approximately RMB637,345,000 as at 31
            December 2022. These fair values are determined by the directors of the Company with reference
            to mainly the valuation performed, using the discounted cash flow (“DCF”) approach and the direct
            market comparison (“DMC”).


            The valuation for completed properties was arrived at by considering the capitalised income derived
            from the existing tenancies and the reversionary potential of the properties or, where appropriate,
            by reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar properties in the same locations and
            conditions.


            The fair value of the investment properties is categorised into Level 3 valuations, i.e., fair value
            measured using significant unobservable inputs, as defined in IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement .




170   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022




16. LEASE
   The Group as lessee

   (a)   Right-of-use assets

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
         as follows:


                                                                                    2022                   2021
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


         As at 1 January                                                        253,086               225,987
         Additions                                                              102,273                94,533
         Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                    –              14,891
         Depreciation provided during the year                                 (124,301)               (82,325)


         As at 31 December                                                      231,058               253,086


   (b)   Lease liabilities

         The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                    2022                   2021
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


         Carrying amount at 1 January                                           250,547               225,764
         New leases                                                             102,273                94,533
         Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries                           –              12,246
         Accretion of interest recognised during the year                         10,603                   9,856
         Payments                                                              (129,879)               (91,852)


         Carrying amount at 31 December                                         233,544               250,547


         Analysed into:
           Current                                                              109,438               100,938
           Non-current                                                          124,106               149,609


         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 38 to the financial statements.




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       171
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      16. LEASE (continued)
            The Group as lessee (continued)

            (c)    The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets                          124,301                82,325
                   Interest expense on lease liabilities                                  10,603                9,856
                   Expense relating to short-term leases/leases of
                     low-value assets                                                     65,663               49,780


                                                                                        200,567           141,961


            (d)    The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet
                   commenced are disclosed in notes 34(b) and 38, respectively, to the financial statements.


      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                        Customer
                                                     relationship       Goodwill            Others         Total
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000


            31 December 2022

            At 1 January 2022:
              Cost                                         5,139,992    3,700,222            12,097     8,852,311
              Accumulated amortisation                      (603,765)           –            (4,457)     (608,222)


              Net carrying amount                          4,536,227    3,700,222             7,640     8,244,089


            At 1 January 2022, net of
              accumulated amortisation                     4,536,227    3,700,222             7,640     8,244,089
              Additions                                      831,919            –               310       832,229
              Amortisation provided during
                 the year                                  (567,458)             –            (1,873)     (569,331)


            At 31 December 2022, net of
              accumulated amortisation                     4,800,688    3,700,222             6,077     8,506,987


            At 31 December 2022:
              Cost                                      5,971,911       3,700,222            12,107      9,684,240
              Accumulated amortisation                 (1,171,223)              –            (6,030)    (1,177,253)


              Net carrying amount                          4,800,688    3,700,222             6,077     8,506,987



172   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
                                              Customer
                                            relationship        Goodwill           Others               Total
                                               RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000


    31 December 2021

    At 1 January 2021:
      Cost                                      913,544           80,208                 –            993,752
      Accumulated amortisation                 (410,744)               –                 –           (410,744)


        Net carrying amount                     502,800           80,208                 –           583,008


    At 1 January 2021, net of
      accumulated amortisation                  502,800           80,208                –             583,008
      Additions                                  70,198                –              200              70,398
      Acquisition of subsidiaries             4,156,250        3,620,014            7,860           7,784,124
      Amortisation provided during
         the year                              (193,021)                –            (420)           (193,441)


    At 31 December 2021, net of
      accumulated amortisation                4,536,227        3,700,222            7,640           8,244,089


    At 31 December 2021:
      Cost                                    5,139,992        3,700,222           12,097           8,852,311
      Accumulated amortisation                 (603,765)               –           (4,457)           (608,222)


        Net carrying amount                   4,536,227        3,700,222            7,640           8,244,089


    Impairment testing of goodwill

    Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following cash-generating units
    (“CGUs”) for impairment testing:


    •       CWVS Holding Limited CGU


    •       Fujian Bon Property Group Co., Ltd. (the “Bon Property”) CGU


    •       Shanghai Yango Intelligent Life Service Group Co., Ltd. (the “Yango Intelligent”) CGU




                                                                             Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       173
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
            Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

            The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:


                                                                                           2022                2021
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


            CWVS Holding Limited                                                        80,208               80,208
            Bon Property                                                             1,205,097            1,205,097
            Yango Intelligent                                                        2,414,917            2,414,917


                                                                                     3,700,222            3,700,222


            The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value-in-use of the CGUs to which the
            goodwill is allocated. These calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets
            of the CGUs approved by management covering a five-year period. Cash flows beyond the five-year
            period are extrapolated using the estimated long-term growth rates below. The growth rates do not
            exceed the long-term average growth rate for the related industry in which the CGUs operate. The pre-
            tax discount rates below reflect specific risks relating to the relevant industry and the CGUs themselves
            and macro-environment of the relevant region.


            The key assumptions used in the estimation of value-in-use were as follows:


                                                                                           2022                2021


            Annual growth rates of revenue                                          10%~24%                3%~24%
            Long-term growth rate                                                           2%                   2%
            Pre-tax discount rates                                                  16%~17%              16%~17%


            The details of headroom of the Group’s goodwill impairment testing were as follows:


                                                                                           2022                2021


            CWVS Holding Limited                                                       291,617              320,031
            Bon Property                                                                18,144               28,436
            Yango Intelligent                                                           52,230              132,634


            The Group assessed the impairment of goodwill at the end of the reporting period and the recoverable
            amounts of each CGUs had exceeded each of their carrying amounts, and hence the goodwill was not
            regarded as impaired.




174   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
    Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

    No impairment provision was considered necessary if the key assumptions were to be changed as
    follows:


                                                               2022                            2021
                                                          From             To               From             To


    Annual growth rates of revenue                   10%~24%           Nil~22%       3%~24%           1%~22%
    Long-term growth rate                                     2%           Nil               2%              Nil
    Pre-tax discount rates                           16%~17%          16%~21%       16%~17%           17%~21%


18. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
    (a) Investments in joint ventures

                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


           Share of net assets                                               746,801                  762,838
           Goodwill on acquisition                                           256,834                  256,834


                                                                            1,003,635              1,019,672


           There is no individually material joint venture of the Group.


           The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures
           that are not individually material:


                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


           Share of the joint ventures’ profit for the year                      (12,656)              (12,331)
           Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive
               income                                                            (12,656)              (12,331)
           Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’ investments
               in the joint ventures                                        1,003,635              1,019,672




                                                                                 Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     175
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      18. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
            (Continued)


            (a) Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

                   The investment is adjusted for the post-acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s
                   net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment. Impairment losses are incurred
                   if, and only if, there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that
                   occurred post-acquisition and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future
                   cash flows from the investment that can be reliably estimated. The Group assessed that there is
                   no objective evidence that the investment is impaired at the end of the reporting period.


            (b) Investments in associates

                                                                                         2022                  2021
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


                   Share of net assets                                                408,126              439,602
                   Goodwill on acquisition                                            327,416              327,416
                   Loans to associates                                                       –              26,542


                                                                                      735,542              793,560


                   There is no individually material associate of the Group.


                   The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that
                   are not individually material:


                                                                                         2022                  2021
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


                   Share of the associates’ profit for the year                         3,107               45,835
                   Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income                  3,107               45,835
                   Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’ investments
                     in the associates                                                735,542              793,560


                   The investment is adjusted for the post-acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s
                   net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment. Impairment losses are incurred
                   if, and only if, there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that
                   occurred post-acquisition and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future
                   cash flows from the investment that can be reliably estimated. The Group assessed that there is
                   no objective evidence that the investment is impaired at the end of the reporting period.




176   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022




19. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE
    THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


   Listed equity investments, at fair value
     Cushman & Wakefield plc                                                910,830              1,497,461


   The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive
   income as the Group considers these investments to be strategic in nature.


20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS
                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


   Current:
   Wealth management products                                                        –               3,664


   Non-current:
   Equity investments designated at fair value through
     profit or loss
   – Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                    976                 976


   The above equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   as the Group has not elected to recognise the fair value gain or loss through other comprehensive
   income.




                                                                           Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      177
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      21. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax assets during the year are as follows:


                                                                        Allowance for
                                                              Accrued impairment of
                                                      Note   expenses     receivables    Tax losses      Total
                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


            At 1 January 2021                                  11,620           5,015          741      17,376


            Deferred tax credited to/(charged to)
               profit or loss during the year         11        4,013          (6,774)       (5,998)     (8,759)
            Deferred taxes acquired in business
               combinations                                    11,717          23,718       12,755      48,190


            At 31 December 2021 and
               1 January 2022                                  27,350          21,959        7,498      56,807


            Deferred tax credited to profit or loss
               during the year                        11        7,540          22,173       10,619      40,332


            At 31 December 2022                                34,890          44,132       18,117      97,139




178   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022




21. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
    The movements in deferred tax liabilities during the year are as follows:


                                                             Fair value
                                                       adjustment on
                                             Note          acquisition             Others                  Total
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


    At 1 January 2021                                           68,198                     –          68,198


    Deferred tax credited to
      profit or loss during the year          11                (19,570)                   –         (19,570)
    Deferred taxes acquired in
      business combinations                                  1,039,063                     –       1,039,063


    At 31 December 2021 and
      1 January 2022                                         1,087,691                     –       1,087,691


    Deferred tax (credited)/charged
      to profit or loss during the year       11              (112,522)            14,969            (97,553)


    At 31 December 2022                                        975,169             14,969            990,138


    Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in
    subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable
    profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.


    The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of RMB142,560,000 (2021: RMB140,794,000) that
    are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which
    the losses arose. The Group has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB452,445,000 (2021:
    RMB339,001,000) that will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits.


    Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                    2022                   2021
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000


    Tax losses                                                                  522,541              449,803
    Deductible temporary differences                                            125,074               55,233


                                                                                647,615              505,036




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022      179
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      22. INVENTORIES
                                                                                           2022                   2021
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


            Contract costs                                                               43,590              178,843
            Other inventories                                                            26,360                  82,453


                                                                                         69,950              261,296


      23. TRADE AND RETENTION RECEIVABLES
                                                                                           2022                   2021
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


            Trade and notes receivables
              – Related parties (note 35)                                             2,124,407            2,046,328
              – Third parties                                                         4,330,843            2,574,670
            Retention receivables                                                        48,517                  28,138


                                                                                      6,503,767            4,649,136


            Less: Allowance for impairment of trade and retention
                 receivables                                                           (225,864)             (134,863)


                                                                                      6,277,903            4,514,273


            Retention receivables are related to revenue earned from the provision of construction of smart
            property management services for which the right to the receipt of consideration for work performed
            remains conditional on the satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over a certain period
            as stipulated in the service contracts. The retention receivables are transferred to the trade receivables
            when the right becomes unconditional, typically at the expiry date of the defect liability period.


            Trade and notes receivables mainly arise from commercial and urban space integrated services.


            The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit term is normally decided
            on a case-by-case basis upon the acceptance of the products or the completion of service. The credit
            period is generally one month, extending up to three months for major customers. In view of the
            aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade and retention receivables relate to a large number
            of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. Trade receivables are non-
            interest-bearing.




180   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2022




23. TRADE AND RETENTION RECEIVABLES (continued)
   An ageing analysis of the trade and retention receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based
   on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                               2022                 2021
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


   Within 1 year                                                          5,724,428           4,237,601
   1 to 2 years                                                             502,923             236,394
   2 to 3 years                                                              40,661               25,083
   Over 3 years                                                               9,891               15,195


                                                                          6,277,903           4,514,273


   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade and retention receivables are as follows:


                                                                               2022                 2021
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


   At the beginning of the year                                             134,863               36,923
   Impairment losses, net                                                    91,001                6,847
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                     –              91,093


   At the end of the year                                                   225,864             134,863


   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure ECLs.
   The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar
   loss patterns (i.e. customer type and service type). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted
   outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at
   the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
   As at 31 December 2022, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rate for trade and retention
   receivables from related parties was minimal.




                                                                           Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    181
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      23. TRADE AND RETENTION RECEIVABLES (continued)
            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade and retention
            receivables using a provision matrix:


                                                                                        Related
                                                             Third parties               parties
                                             Less than             1 to 3      Over
                                                    1 year         years     3 years                    Total


            At 31 December 2022
            Expected credit loss rate               2.36%        17.26%      72.02%            –            –
            Gross carrying amount
               (RMB’000)                     3,687,039           656,975     35,346    2,124,407    6,503,767
            Expected credit losses
               (RMB’000)                        87,018           113,391     25,455            –      225,864


            At 31 December 2021
            Expected credit loss rate               1.96%        19.28%      65.36%            –            –
            Gross carrying amount
               (RMB’000)                     2,235,030           323,911     43,867    2,046,328    4,649,136
            Expected credit losses
               (RMB’000)                        43,757            62,434     28,672            –      134,863




182   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022




24. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                        2022                   2021
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


   Current:
   Other receivables
   – Payments on behalf of property owners (a)                                     1,428,297             1,431,207
   – Deposits                                                                        392,822               350,839
   – Other receivables                                                                72,467                 75,737


                                                                                   1,893,586             1,857,783


   Less: Allowance for impairment of other receivables                              (915,050)              (850,014)


                                                                                     978,536             1,007,769


   Prepayments to suppliers                                                          281,362               328,629
   Prepayments for tax                                                               437,956               361,232


                                                                                   1,697,854             1,697,630


   Non-current:
   Deposits (b)
   – Amounts due from related parties (note 35)                                    1,602,676             1,643,056
   – Others                                                                          153,025                 70,227


                                                                                   1,755,701             1,713,283


   Others                                                                            633,103               279,200


                                                                                   2,388,804             1,992,483


   Other receivables are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

   (a)      The balance represented payments made on behalf of property owners under certain specific circumstances,
            including but not limited to payments of centralised procurement costs and transitional arrangements
            for property management projects with temporary working capital needs. Under the Group’s policy, such
            payments on behalf of property owners must be settled within a set period of time depending on the nature
            of the payment. The Group did not hold any collateral over these balances.


   (b)      Non-current deposits mainly consist of deposits charged by property developers for carpark space sales
            assistance services.




                                                                                    Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022       183
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      24. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
            The Group has assessed that the credit risk of amounts due from related parties has not increased
            significantly since initial recognition. At the end of each reporting period, these receivables were
            categorised in stage 1 and 12-month expected losses are calculated. During the reporting period, the
            Group considered that the expected loss of other receivables from related parties was minimal.


            The Group had assessed the expected loss of other receivables from third parties and classified them
            into stage 1 to stage 3 for measurement of ECL. A provision matrix was used to measure expected
            credit losses for other receivables from third parties based on days past due, repayment history, current
            conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.


            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s other receivables using
            a provision matrix:


                                                                                             Related
                                                         Third parties                        parties
                                               Stage 1        Stage 2        Stage 3                           Total


            At 31 December 2022
            Expected credit loss rate           3.65%         41.06%          87.94%                –
            Gross carrying amount
               (RMB’000)                      856,160          60,661        976,765       1,602,676      3,496,262
            Expected credit losses
               (RMB’000)                        31,220         24,905        858,925                –        915,050


            At 31 December 2021
            Expected credit loss rate           5.00%         45.50%          82.84%                –
            Gross carrying amount
               (RMB’000)                      864,675          42,653        950,455       1,713,283      3,571,066
            Expected credit losses
              (RMB’000)                         43,220         19,409        787,385                –        850,014


            The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of other receivables are as follows:


                                                                                          2022                 2021
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


            At the beginning of the year                                               850,014               787,368
            Impairment losses, net                                                      65,036                61,822
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                       –               10,309
            Disposal of subsidiaries                                                          –               (9,485)


            At the end of the year                                                     915,050               850,014



184   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022




25. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                2022                2021
                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


   Cash and cash equivalents
   Cash in hand                                                               19,572              12,318
   Cash at bank                                                          13,723,509            7,219,202


                                                                         13,743,081            7,231,520


   Less: Restricted bank deposits                                           (376,188)           (305,250)
   Time deposits with original maturity of over three months                 (21,830)           (495,713)


                                                                         13,345,063            6,430,557


   Cash and cash equivalents
   – Dominated in RMB                                                    13,206,172            6,418,528
   – Dominated in HKD                                                        133,452                7,113
   – Dominated in USD                                                          5,439                4,916


                                                                         13,345,063            6,430,557


   At the end of the year, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group denominated in RMB amounted
   to RMB13,206,172,000 (2021: RMB6,418,528,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other
   currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration
   of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to
   exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.


   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances are
   deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The carrying amounts of the cash
   and cash equivalents approximated to their fair values.


   The restricted bank deposits included cash received from property owners that is restricted to use in
   construction of properties amounting to RMB292,910,000 (2021: RMB246,319,000) as at 31 December
   2022.




                                                                            Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    185
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      26. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES
                                                                                            2022                 2021
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


            Trade and notes payables
            – Related parties (note 35)                                                  905,243              184,894
            – Third parties                                                            4,414,474            3,058,356


                                                                                       5,319,717            3,243,250


            An ageing analysis of the trade and notes payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
            invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                            2022                 2021
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                              5,085,753            2,915,974
            1 to 2 years                                                                 173,480              277,640
            2 to 3 years                                                                  31,191               21,774
            Over 3 years                                                                  29,293               27,862


                                                                                       5,319,717            3,243,250


            The trade and notes payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on the terms of 30 to
            180 days.


            The fair values of trade and notes payables as at the end of the reporting period approximated to their
            corresponding carrying amounts due to their relatively short maturity terms.


      27. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
            The Group recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:


                                                                                            2022                 2021
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


            Short-term advances for services                                           4,514,977            4,167,711


            Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments received from customers while
            the underlying services are yet to be provided. Such liabilities increased as a result of the growth of the
            Group’s business.




186   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022




28. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                             2022                2021
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


   Current:
   Other payables
     Amounts due to related parties (note 35)                             505,230             519,792
     Cash collected on behalf of property owners                        2,373,984           1,988,151
     Deposits payable                                                   1,026,029             920,859
     Dividends                                                            105,536           1,280,017
     Accruals and other payables                                        1,043,809           1,010,511


                                                                        5,054,588           5,719,330


   Payroll payables                                                     1,555,974           1,664,794
   Long-term payables within one year                                      16,948              60,405
   Other taxes payables                                                   212,033             377,453


                                                                        6,839,543           7,821,982


   Non-current:
   Amounts held on behalf of property owners                              955,811             795,463
   Long-term payables                                                       7,958              20,076


                                                                          963,769             815,539


   Other payables and accruals with third parties and related parties are unsecured and non-interest-
   bearing. The fair values of other payables at the end of the reporting period approximated to their
   corresponding carrying amounts.




                                                                         Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   187
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      29. CASH FLOW HEDGE
            During the year, the Group entered into several foreign currency forward contracts to sell Hong
            Kong dollars (“HKD”) and meanwhile purchase RMB at a fixed exchange rate for its highly probable
            forecast foreign currency exchange cashflows to economically hedge against foreign exchange rate
            fluctuations in terms of the Group’s risk management and treasury policies. These foreign currency
            forward contracts are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges to hedge the exposure
            risk for foreign exchange rate fluctuations in relation to future forecast sales of HKD derived from the
            net proceeds from issue of shares. The further forecast are highly probable, and they comprise 100%
            of the Group’s total expected sales in HKD and 100% of its total expected purchases in RMB. The
            foreign currency forward contract balances vary with the level of expected foreign currency sales and
            purchases and changes in foreign exchange forward rates.


            There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the
            terms of the forward currency contracts match the terms of the expected highly probable forecast
            transactions. The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the
            underlying risks of the forward currency contracts are identical to the hedged risk components. To
            measure the hedge effectiveness, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the
            changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments against the changes in fair value of the hedged
            items attributable to the hedged risks.


            Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:


            •      Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the forecasted sales and purchases and the
                   hedging instruments


            •      Different interest rate curves applied to discount the hedged items and hedging instruments


            •      The counterparties’ credit risks differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
                   instruments and hedged items


            •      Changes to the forecasted amounts of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments


            During the year, the above transactions were completed and the amount accumulated in other
            comprehensive income is reclassified to the statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment.
            As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not hold any outstanding foreign currency forward contracts.




188   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022




29. CASH FLOW HEDGE (Continued)
    The effects of the cash flow hedge on the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated
    statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                              Total hedging gain recognised in                                                     Amount reclassified from              Line item
                                                other comprehensive income                   Hedge        Line item in other comprehensive income to profit or loss (gross amount)
                                                                                     ineffectiveness the consolidated                                                    in the consolidated
                                               Gross           Tax                    recognised in     statements of           Gross           Tax                      statements of
                                             amount          effect          Total    profit or loss     profit or loss       amount          effect            Total    profit or loss
                                             RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000                             RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000


    Year ended 31 December 2022


    Highly probable forecast sales of Hong
        Kong dollars derived from IPO                                                                                                                                    Other income and
        proceeds                              11,759         (2,940)         8,819                –               N/A          (11,759)       2,940            (8,819)   gains, net


30. PROVISION
                                                                                                   Provision for
                                                                                                       warranties                            Others                              Total
                                                                                                         RMB’000                           RMB’000                       RMB’000


    At 1 January 2021                                                                                         27,168                         21,062                           48,230


        Additional provision                                                                                     8,452                       16,315                           24,767
        Amounts utilised during the year                                                                                  –                      (242)                               (242)
        Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                                       –                        119                                119


    At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                                    35,620                         37,254                           72,874


        Additional provision                                                                                  47,368                         10,478                           57,846
        Amounts utilised during the year                                                                                  –                            (19)                           (19)
        Reversal of unutilised amounts                                                                       (13,418)                                    –                  (13,418)


    At 31 December 2022                                                                                       69,570                         47,713                        117,283




                                                                                                                                    Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022                              189
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      31. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                2022                 2021
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


            Issued and fully paid:
                  Ordinary shares of RMB1 each                                            1,178,469             1,050,420


            A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                     shares in issue        Share capital
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


            At 1 January 2021                                                         1,000,000,000             1,000,000
            Share issued                                                                 50,420,000                50,420


            At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                    1,050,420,000             1,050,420


            Share issued (a):
                  Initial public offering                                               116,714,000               116,714
                  Over-allotment                                                         11,334,700                11,335


            At 31 December 2022                                                       1,178,468,700             1,178,469


            (a)        On 29 September 2022, the Company issued 116,714,000 new shares with a par value RMB$1.0 at
                       HK$49.35 per share upon its listing on the Stock Exchange. On 26 October 2022, 11,334,700 additional
                       shares with a par value RMB$1.0 at HK$49.35 per share were over allotted and issued.




190   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022




32. RESERVES
   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
   presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 111 to 112 of the financial
   statements.


   (i)     Capital reserve


           The capital reserve of the Group represents 1) the difference between the par value of the
           shares issued and the consideration received; 2) the excess of the consideration over the carrying
           amount of the non-controlling interests acquired/disposed; and 3) the fair value of the share-
           base payment granted.


   (ii)    Fair value reserve of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income


           The fair value reserve of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
           comprises all revaluation changes arising from the equity instruments designated at fair value
           through other comprehensive income.


   (iii)   Exchange fluctuation reserve


           The exchange fluctuation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation
           of the financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from
           the Group’s presentation currency.


   (iv)    Statutory surplus reserve


           In accordance with the Company Law of the PRC and the respective articles of association of
           the group companies, each of the companies that is domiciled in the PRC is required to allocate
           10% of its profit after tax, as determined in accordance with PRC GAAP, to the statutory surplus
           reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must
           be made before the distribution of a dividend to shareholders.


   The statutory surplus reserve is non-distributable except that in the event of liquidation and, subject to
   certain restrictions set out in the relevant PRC regulations, can be used to offset accumulated losses or
   be capitalised as paid-up capital.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     191
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      33. STEP ACQUISITION OF 51% SHAREHOLDING IN A FORMER
          ASSOCIATE
            Pursuant to an equity transfer agreement between a subsidiary of the Group, Shenzhen Yuying and
            Beijing Capital Land Ltd. (首創置業有限公司), an independent third party, the Group acquired a 51%
            equity interest in Shouwan Yuye (Shanghai) Property Services Co., Ltd. (首萬譽業(上海)物業服務有限公
            司) (“Shouwan Yuye”). Prior to this acquisition, the Group owned a 49% equity interest of Shouwan
            Yuye. Upon the completion of this acquisition, the Group held a 100% of the equity interest in
            Shouwan Yuye on 7 May 2022.


            The above acquisition has been accounted for as an acquisition of assets as this acquisition had no
            attribution of a business. As at the acquisition date, the Group remeasured the fair value of the
            previously held equity interest of Shouwan Yuye and recognised the gain on remeasurement of this
            previously held interest, which amounted to RMB215,563,000.


            The identified assets and liabilities acquired by the Group in the above acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                                            RMB’000


            Total identifiable net assets                                                                    484,949


            Including:
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       56,417
              Intangible assets                                                                              510,385


            Satisfied by:
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      247,324
              Fair value of previously held equity interest remeasured at the date of acquisition            237,625


                                                                                                             484,949


            An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition is as follows:


                                                                                                            RMB’000


            Cash consideration                                                                               247,324
            Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                               (56,417)


            Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
              investing activities                                                                           190,907




192   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022




34. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
    FLOWS
   (a) Major non-cash transactions

       Non-cash investing and financing activities disclosed in other notes are:


       •        Non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities – Note 16


   (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing liabilities

                                                    Interest-bearing               Lease
                                                   bank borrowings             liabilities           Total
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000


       At 1 January 2021                                      14,089            225,764           239,853


       Increase arising from acquisition of
           subsidiaries                                       19,981              12,246           32,227
       Changes from financing cash flows                     (18,753)            (91,852)         (110,605)
       New leases                                                  –              94,533           94,533
       Interest expense                                          351               9,856           10,207
       Foreign exchange movement                                 (81)                   –              (81)


       At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                 15,587            250,547           266,134


       Changes from financing cash flows                     (16,202)           (129,879)         (146,081)
       New leases                                                  –            102,273           102,273
       Interest expense                                          625              10,603           11,228
       Foreign exchange movement                                 (10)                   –              (10)


       At 31 December 2022                                         –            233,544           233,544




                                                                             Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    193
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (a) Name and relationship with a related party

                   The ultimate holding company is China Vanke.


            (b) Transactions with related parties

                   The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                         Notes              2022        2021
                                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Purchases of investment properties
                   The ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries
                     (the “China Vanke Group”)                             (i)              6,334     14,495


                   Receipts of services
                   China Vanke Group                                       (ii)             9,902     61,078
                   Associates and joint ventures of China
                     Vanke Group                                           (iii)       4,486,304    3,699,928


                                                                                       4,496,206    3,761,006


                   Lease of office space
                   China Vanke Group                                       (iv)           25,211      23,797


                   Rendering of services                                   (v)
                   China Vanke Group                                                   4,289,011    3,820,494
                   Associates and joint ventures of China
                     Vanke Group                                                         752,848     885,714


                                                                                       5,041,859    4,706,208




194   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022




35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b) Transactions with related parties (continued)

       Notes:


       (i)      The purchase of investment properties refers to the purchase of parking spaces and other assets.
                The fees to be charged for the purchase of investment properties shall be determined with reference
                to the historical transaction amounts during the reporting period and the prevailing market purchase
                of similar assets offered by the independent third parties.


       (ii)     Receipts of services from China Vanke Group refer to the purchase of accounting auxiliary services,
                technology system usage and maintenance services. The fees to be charged for these services shall
                be determined with reference to the prevailing market prices and prices for similar services offered
                by the independent third parties.


       (iii)    Receipts of services from associates and joint ventures of China Vanke Group refer to the purchase
                of security service, cleaning service and electromechanical maintenance service. The fees to be
                charged for the security service and electromechanical maintenance service will be determined with
                reference to, where applicable, (1) the prevailing market prices of similar services; (2) the anticipated
                operation costs (including but not limited to the scope and standards of particular services to be
                offered, labour costs, administration costs and costs of materials); and (3) the prices for similar
                services offered by the independent third parties.


       (iv)     The fees to be charged for the property lease shall be determined with reference to the historical
                transaction amounts during the reporting period and the prevailing market rent of similar properties
                located in similar areas offered by the independent third parties.


       (v)      Rendering of services refers to the space management service and value-added commercial services.
                The fees to be charged for the space management services will be determined with reference to,
                where applicable, (1) the guidance rate published by the relevant government authorities; (2) the
                prevailing market rate (taking into consideration the location and condition of the properties); (3)
                the anticipated operation costs (including but not limited to the scope and standards of particular
                services to be offered, labour costs, administration costs and costs of materials); and (4) the prices
                charged by the Group for providing comparable services to the independent third parties.




                                                                                     Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022          195
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (c)    Balances with related parties
                                                                        Notes      2022         2021
                                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Trade and retention receivables                       (i)
                   China Vanke Group                                            1,707,109   1,587,756
                   Associates and joint ventures of China Vanke Group             417,298     458,572


                                                                                2,124,407   2,046,328


                   Prepayments, deposits and other receivables           (ii)
                   China Vanke Group                                            1,455,849   1,286,933
                   Associates and joint ventures of China Vanke Group             146,827     356,123


                                                                                1,602,676   1,643,056


                   Trade and notes payables                              (i)
                   Associates and joint ventures of China Vanke Group            905,243     184,894


                   Other payables and accruals                           (i)
                   Other payables
                   China Vanke Group                                             341,372     417,008
                   Associates and joint ventures of China Vanke Group            163,858     102,784


                                                                                 505,230     519,792

                   Long-term payables within one year
                   China Vanke Group                                              12,930      53,671
                   Associates and joint ventures of China Vanke Group              4,018       6,734


                                                                                  16,948      60,405

                   Long-term payables
                   China Vanke Group                                               4,729      15,674
                   Associates and joint ventures of China Vanke Group              1,009       1,127


                                                                                   5,738      16,801


                                                                                 527,916     596,998


                   Contract liabilities                                  (i)
                   China Vanke Group                                             105,539     114,587


                   Lease liabilities                                     (i)
                   China Vanke Group                                              35,336      37,769


196   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2022




35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   Balances with related parties (continued)

         Notes:

         (i)        Trade and retention receivables from related parties, trade and notes payables to related parties,
                    contract liabilities to related parties, other payables and accruals to related parties and lease
                    liabilities to related parties are trade in nature.


         (ii)       Prepayments, deposits and other receivables from related parties mainly consist of deposits charged
                    by property developers for carpark space sales assistance services, which are trade in nature.


   (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                          2022                   2021
                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000


         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                       2,947                  3,269
         Discretionary bonuses                                                          11,552                 17,772
         Pension costs, housing funds, medical insurances and
                other social insurances                                                    433                    393


                                                                                        14,932                 21,434


         Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 9 to the
         financial statements.




                                                                                     Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022        197
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
            The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
            period are as follows:


            31 December 2022


            Financial assets

                                                                                       Financial assets
                                                                                           designated
                                                                    Financial assets      at fair value
                                                                       at fair value    through other          Financial
                                                                           through     comprehensive           assets at
                                                                      profit or loss           income     amortised cost        Total
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


            Cash and cash equivalents                                             –                  –       13,345,063    13,345,063
            Time deposits with original maturity of
               over three months                                                  –                  –           21,830       21,830
            Restricted bank deposits                                              –                  –          376,188      376,188
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               976                  –                 –         976
            Trade and retention receivables                                       –                  –         6,277,903    6,277,903
            Financial assets included in prepayments,
               deposits and other receivables                                     –                  –         2,734,237    2,734,237
            Equity investments designated at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                                 –            910,830                 –     910,830


                                                                                976            910,830       22,755,221    23,667,027




198   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
   Financial liabilities

                                                              Financial
                                                              liabilities
                                                          at fair value          Financial
                                                               through        liabilities at
                                                          profit or loss    amortised cost             Total
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


   Trade and notes payables                                            –         5,319,717         5,319,717
   Financial liabilities at fair value through
      profit or loss                                           191,792                    –         191,792
   Financial liabilities included in other payables and
      accruals                                                         –         6,008,979         6,008,979
   Lease liabilities                                                   –          233,544           233,544


                                                               191,792         11,562,240        11,754,032




                                                                               Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   199
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
            31 December 2021


            Financial assets

                                                                         Financial
                                                                            assets
                                                       Financial       designated
                                                          assets      at fair value
                                                   at fair value    through other          Financial
                                                        through     comprehensive          assets at
                                                   profit or loss          income     amortised cost        Total
                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


            Cash and cash equivalents                          –                 –        6,430,557     6,430,557
            Time deposits with original maturity
               of over three months                            –                 –         495,713       495,713
            Restricted bank deposits                           –                 –         305,250       305,250
            Financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss                     4,640                  –                –         4,640
            Trade and retention receivables                    –                 –        4,514,273     4,514,273
            Financial assets included in
               prepayments, deposits and other
               receivables                                     –                 –        2,721,052     2,721,052
            Equity investments designated
               at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                            –       1,497,461                  –     1,497,461


                                                          4,640        1,497,461        14,466,845     15,968,946




200   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
   Financial liabilities

                                                      Financial liabilities
                                                             at fair value          Financial
                                                                 through         liabilities at
                                                            profit or loss    amortised cost             Total
                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


   Trade and notes payables                                              –        3,243,250          3,243,250
   Financial liabilities at fair value through
      profit or loss                                             191,792                     –        191,792
   Financial liabilities included in other payables
      and accruals                                                       –        6,562,555          6,562,555
   Lease liabilities                                                     –          250,547           250,547
   Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                      –            15,587           15,587


                                                                 191,792        10,071,939         10,263,731




                                                                                Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    201
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS
            As at 31 December 2022, the fair values of the Group’s financial assets or financial liabilities
            approximated to their respective carrying amounts.


            Management has assessed that the fair value of trade and retention receivables, financial assets
            included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade and notes
            payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, lease liabilities approximate to
            their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.


            The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining
            the policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance
            department reports directly to the chief financial officer. At each reporting date, the finance
            department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major
            inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.


            The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
            could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or
            liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


            The fair values of the non-current portion of financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and
            other receivables, the non-current portion of other payables and accruals and lease liabilities have been
            calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments
            with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair values as at 31 December
            2022 were assessed to be insignificant.


            The fair value of a listed equity investment is based on quoted market prices.


            The Group invests in debt investments, which represent wealth management products issued by banks
            in Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair values of these unlisted investments by using a
            discounted cash flow valuation model based on the expected future interest return on maturity of the
            wealth management product instruments.




202   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022




37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   Fair value hierarchy

   The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
   instruments:


   As at 31 December 2022


                                                Fair value measurement using
                                         Quoted prices    Significant     Significant
                                              in active   observable    unobservable
                                              markets         inputs           inputs
                                              (Level 1)     (Level 2)        (Level 3)          Total
                                             RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


   Financial assets
   Equity investments at fair value
     through other comprehensive
     income
     Listed equity investments                910,830              –                –        910,830
     Financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                       –             –             976              976


                                              910,830              –             976         911,806


   Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities at fair value
     through profit or loss                          –             –         191,792         191,792




                                                                         Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   203
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)

            As at 31 December 2021


                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                    Quoted prices         Significant        Significant
                                                          in active       observable      unobservable
                                                           markets             inputs             inputs
                                                           (Level 1)         (Level 2)          (Level 3)              Total
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000               RMB’000


            Financial assets
            Equity investments at fair value
               through other comprehensive
               income
              Listed equity investments                 1,497,461                   –                  –           1,497,461
            Financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss                             –            3,664                976               4,640


                                                        1,497,461              3,664                976            1,502,101


            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at fair value
               through profit or loss                             –                 –          191,792              191,792


            For the equity investments designated at fair value through profit or loss, fair value was determined by
            the changes in the net assets of the unlisted equity entity. If the net assets had increased/decreased
            by 10% with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the year ended 31
            December 2022 would have been approximately RMB97,600 (2021: RMB97,600) higher/lower.


            Fair value of financial liabilities measured within Level 3 fair value measurement is mainly affected
            by changes of the discount rate. If the discount rate had increased/decreased by 10% with all other
            variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the year ended 31 December 2022 would
            have been approximately RMB970,000 (2021: RMB2,375,000) higher/lower.


            During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and
            no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2021: Nil).




204   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022




38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group’s principal financial instruments mainly include restricted bank deposits, cash and cash
   equivalents, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, which arise directly from its
   operations. The Group has other financial assets and liabilities such as financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss, time deposits with original maturity of over three months, lease liabilities,
   amounts due to related parties and amounts due from related parties. The main purpose of these
   financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations.


   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and
   liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
   they are summarised below.


   Foreign currency risk

   Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates. Fluctuations
   in exchange rates between US and other currencies in which the Group conducts business may affect
   the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. As at the end of the reporting period, since
   the Group did not hold any financial instruments denominated in currencies other than the functional
   currencies of the respective operating units, the Group did not have any significant exposure to the
   foreign currency risk.


   Credit risk

   The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade and retention receivables, other receivables,
   cash and cash equivalents, time deposits with original maturity of over three months and restricted
   bank deposits.


   The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash and cash equivalents and
   restricted bank deposits since they are substantially deposited at state-owned banks and other medium
   or large-sized listed banks. Management does not expect that there will be any significant losses from
   non-performance by these counterparties.


   The Group expects the credit risk associated with trade and retention receivables and other receivables
   due from related parties to be low, since the related parties have strong capacity to meet contractual
   cash flow obligations in the near term.


   The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. Concentrations of credit risk
   are managed by analysis by customer/counterparty. There are no significant concentrations of credit
   risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade and retention receivables and other
   receivables are widely dispersed. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.




                                                                              Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022     205
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
            (continued)


            Credit risk (continued)

            Maximum exposure and year-end staging

            The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
            Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is
            available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The
            amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.


                                             12-month
            31 December 2022                      ECLs                  Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                        Simplified
                                               Stage 1        Stage 2        Stage 3    approach          Total
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


            Trade and retention
               receivables*                          –              –              –    6,503,767     6,503,767
            Financial assets included in
               prepayments, deposits and
               other receivables
              – Normal**                     2,458,836         60,661              –            –     2,519,497
              – Doubtful**                           –              –        976,765            –      976,765
            Restricted bank deposits
              – Not yet past due              376,188               –              –            –      376,188
            Time deposits with original
               maturity of over three
               months
              – Not yet past due                21,830              –              –            –       21,830
            Cash and cash equivalents
              – Not yet past due            13,345,063              –              –            –    13,345,063


                                            16,201,917         60,661        976,765    6,503,767    23,743,110




206   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022




38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (continued)


   Credit risk (continued)

   Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

                                           12-month
   31 December 2021                              ECLs                      Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                 Simplified
                                             Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3          approach               Total
                                           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


   Trade and retention
        receivables*                                 –                 –                 –       4,676,818        4,676,818
   Financial assets included in
        prepayments, deposits and
        other receivables
        – Normal**                        2,577,958             42,653                   –                 –      2,620,611
        – Doubtful**                                 –                 –        950,455                    –         950,455
   Restricted bank deposits
        – Not yet past due                  305,250                    –                 –                 –         305,250
   Time deposits with original
        maturity of over three
        months
        – Not yet past due                  495,713                    –                 –                 –         495,713
   Cash and cash equivalents
        – Not yet past due                6,430,557                    –                 –                 –      6,430,557


                                          9,809,478             42,653          950,455          4,676,818       15,479,404


   *        For trade and retention receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment,
            information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in note 23 to the financial statements.


   **       The credit quality of financial assets included in prepayments and other receivables and other assets is
            considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the
            financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality
            of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




                                                                                             Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022        207
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
            (continued)


            Liquidity risk

            Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management,
            including the short-term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of funds to cover expected cash
            demands, subject to approval by management and directors when the borrowings exceed certain
            predetermined levels of authority.


            The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period of
            the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
            interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of
            the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.


                                                                          Less than
                                                                         12 months     1 to 5 years            Total
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


            As at 31 December 2022
            Trade and notes payables                                      5,319,717               –       5,319,717
            Financial liabilities at fair value through
               profit or loss                                              191,792                –         191,792
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and
               accruals                                                   5,045,210         963,769       6,008,979
            Lease liabilities                                              115,617          132,939         248,556


                                                                         10,672,336      1,096,708       11,769,044


                                                                           Less than
                                                                         12 months     1 to 5 years             Total
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


            As at 31 December 2021
            Trade and notes payables                                      3,243,250               –       3,243,250
            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss     191,792                –         191,792
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and
               accruals                                                   5,747,016         815,539       6,562,555
            Lease liabilities                                              111,161          158,127         269,288
            Interest-bearing bank borrowings                                 11,531           4,103          15,634


                                                                          9,304,750         977,769      10,282,519




208   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022




38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (continued)


   Capital management

   The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
   continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and
   maximise shareholders’ value.


   The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
   conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital
   structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders
   or issue new shares.


   The Group monitors capital on the basis of the net gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as total
   interest-bearing borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents divided by total equity as of the end of
   the reporting period.


   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group maintained at net cash position.




                                                                            Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022    209
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      39. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
            Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details
            are disclosed in note 12.


      40. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
            Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting
            period is as follows:


                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


            NON-CURRENT ASSETS
            Property, plant and equipment                                               2,849                3,540
            Right-of-use assets                                                        10,012              19,392
            Investments in subsidiaries                                             7,189,984           6,738,984
            Investments in joint ventures and associates                               67,675              74,247
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                 1,631                4,187


            Total non-current assets                                                7,272,151           6,840,350


            CURRENT ASSETS
            Trade and retention receivables                                            15,980              47,982
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                           10,795,119           10,289,837
            Restricted bank deposits                                                    4,725                2,122
            Time deposits with original maturity of over three months                        –            486,000
            Cash and cash equivalents                                             11,601,431            3,838,642


            Total current assets                                                  22,417,255           14,664,583




210   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              Year ended 31 December 2022




40. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   (Continued)


                                                2022                2021
                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


   CURRENT LIABILITIES
   Contract liabilities                         3,934              2,944
   Other payables and accruals             14,404,725        12,559,114
   Lease liabilities                            9,413             13,516
   Tax payable                                52,713              23,982


   Total current liabilities               14,470,785        12,599,556


   NET CURRENT ASSETS                       7,946,470          2,065,027


   TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES   15,218,621          8,905,377


   NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
   Other payables and accruals                     7                   7
   Lease liabilities                            1,299              6,975


   Total non-current liabilities                1,306              6,982


   Net assets                              15,217,315          8,898,395


   EQUITY
   Share capital                            1,178,469          1,050,420
   Other reserves (note)                   14,038,846          7,847,975


   Total equity                            15,217,315          8,898,395




                                            Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022   211
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Year ended 31 December 2022




      40. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
            (Continued)


            Note:


            A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                               Statutory
                                                                    Capital      surplus    Retained
                                                                    reserve      reserve      profits         Total
                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


            Balance at 1 January 2021                             2,314,738    325,298      1,518,464     4,158,500
            Total comprehensive income for the year                       –          –      2,246,214     2,246,214
            Dividends declared                                            –          –     (3,537,000)   (3,537,000)
            Issue of shares                                       4,980,261          –              –     4,980,261
            Transferred from retained earnings                            –    199,912       (199,912)            –


            At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                7,294,999    525,210        27,766      7,847,975


            Total comprehensive income for the year                       –           –      697,273        697,273
            Issue of shares                                       5,599,585           –            –      5,599,585
            Share issue expenses                                   (105,987)          –            –       (105,987)
            Transferred from retained earnings                            –      70,967      (70,967)             –


            At 31 December 2022                                  12,788,597    596,177       654,072     14,038,846



      41. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March
            2023.




212   Onewo Inc. Annual Report 2022
