Contents
 2   Corporate Information

 4   Financial Highlights

 5   Corporate Overview

 7   Management Discussion and Analysis

32   Corporate Governance and Other Information

51   Independent Review Report of Interim Financial Information

52   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

53   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

54   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

56   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

57   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

59   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

84   Definitions
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Executive Directors                                      Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
                                                             Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)                                  Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
      (Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer)
    Ms. Sun Yuan (孫遠)                                        JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
                                                             Ms. Zhong Shengli (鍾勝利) 1
    Independent Non-executive Directors                      Ms. Guo Ying (郭穎) 1
                                                             Mr. Lee Leong Yin (李亮賢) 2
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                   Ms. Zeng Zhao (曾昭) 2
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)                                   AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Yan Jia (嚴嘉)
                                                             Ms. Sun Yuan (孫遠)
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                          Mr. Lee Leong Yin (李亮賢) 2
                                                             Ms. Zeng Zhao (曾昭) 2
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉) (Chairman)
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)                                   LISTING INFORMATION
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
    Mr. Yan Jia (嚴嘉)                                         Ordinary Shares
                                                             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                   Stock Code: 3692

    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤) (Chairlady)
    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟)
    Mr. Lin Guoqiang (林國強)

    STRATEGY AND DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE

    Ms. Zhong Huijuan (鍾慧娟) (Chairlady)
    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒)
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)

    ESG COMMITTEE

    Dr. Lyu Aifeng (呂愛鋒) (Chairman)
    Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (陳尚偉)
    Ms. Yang Dongtao (楊東濤)
    Mr. Yan Jia (嚴嘉)




    1
         Ms. Zhong Shengli resigned as the joint company secretary of the Company with effect from June 10, 2026. Ms.
         Guo Ying was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company with effect from June 10, 2026.

    2
         Mr. Lee Leong Yin resigned as the joint company secretary, authorized representative and process agent of
         the Company with effect from May 15, 2026. Ms. Zeng Zhao was appointed as the joint company secretary,
         authorized representative and process agent of the Company with effect from May 15, 2026.

2   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Information


REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS        CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
                                               REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
P.O. Box 309, Ugland House
Grand Cayman, KY1-1104                         Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
Cayman Islands                                 P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall
                                               Cricket Square
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND HEAD           Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
OFFICE IN THE PRC                              Cayman Islands

No. 287 Xiangke Road                           HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Pudong New Area                                TRANSFER OFFICE
Shanghai
The PRC                                        Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                               17/F, Far East Finance Centre
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG       16 Harcourt Road
                                               Hong Kong
Room 1928, 19/F, Lee Garden One
33 Hysan Avenue                                PRINCIPAL BANK
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong                                      Lianyungang Branch of the Bank of Communications
                                               No.141 Middle Hailian Road
AUDITOR                                        Haizhou District
                                               Lianyungang
Ernst & Young                                  Jiangsu
Certified Public Accountants                   The PRC
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road                                COMPANY ’ S WEBSITE
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong                                      www.hspharm.com

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR

Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (Hong Kong)
37/F, Hysan Place
500 Hennessy Road
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong




                                                                             2026 INTERIM REPORT   3
    Financial Highlights


    For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded the following unaudited results:

    •     Revenue was approximately RMB8,304 million, representing an increase of approximately 11.7%
          compared with the corresponding period of the previous year;


    •     Revenue of innovative medicines amounted to approximately RMB7,092 million, representing an
          increase of approximately 15.4% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year
          which amounted to approximately RMB6,145 million, and its proportion of total revenue increased to
          approximately 85.4%;

    •     R&D expenditure was approximately RMB1,739 million, representing an increase of approximately
          20.7% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounted for
          approximately 20.9% of the revenue;


    •     Profit was approximately RMB4,258 million, representing an increase of approximately 35.8%
          compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; and


    •     Basic earnings per share was approximately RMB0.70, representing an increase of approximately
          33.1% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.

    The increase in profit and basic earnings per share during the Reporting Period was primarily due to the
    combined effect of the increase in revenue of innovative medicines and the increase in other income.


    The Board has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK$28.50 cents per share for the six
    months ended June 30, 2026.




4   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Overview


The Company is a leading innovation-driven pharmaceutical enterprise in China. With the mission of
“continuous innovation for better life”, the Company focuses on major disease therapeutic areas such
as oncology, metabolism, immunology, CNS and anti-infectives. The Company has launched seven
innovative medicines that generate product sales in China, forming a rich product pipeline. For the
six months ended June 30, 2026, the revenue of innovative medicines amounted to approximately
RMB7,092 million and accounted for approximately 85.4% of the revenue, becoming a core driver for the
sustainable growth of the Group’s performance.

The major achievements during the Reporting Period were as follows:

In January 2026, the Group’s innovative medicine Ameile (阿美樂 ®) (Aumolertinib Mesylate Tablets) was
granted drug registration approval by the NMPA for its fifth indication, in respect of which Ameile is used
in combination with pemetrexed and platinum-based chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of adult
patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon
21 (L858R) mutations.

In February 2026, Aumolertinib Mesylate Tablets, marketed as Ameile (阿美樂 ® ) in China and as
Aumseqa ® outside China, was approved in the EU as monotherapy for: the first-line treatment of
adult patients with advanced NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R)
substitution mutations; and the treatment of adult patients with advanced EGFR T790M mutation-positive
NSCLC.

In February 2026, the NDA of the Group’s innovative medicine Dalmelitinib Mesylate Tablets in
combination with Aumolertinib Mesylate Tablets was accepted by the NMPA for the treatment of patients
with locally advanced or metastatic EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC whose tumors have MET amplification
after prior EGFR-TKI therapy.

In March 2026, HS-10587 tablets, a Class 1 innovative medicine self-developed by the Group, obtained
a Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for
MTAP-deleted advanced solid tumors.

In March 2026, HS-20152 injection, a Class 1 innovative medicine self-developed by the Group, obtained
a Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for
PNH.

In March 2026, the Group’s innovative medicine XINYUE (昕越 ®) (Inebilizumab Injection) was granted
drug registration approval by the NMPA for its third indication, in respect of which XINYUE is used in
combination with conventional therapeutic drugs for the treatment of adult patients with gMG who are
positive for anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibodies.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT      5
    Corporate Overview


    In April 2026, the Group’s self-developed B7-H3-directed ADC HS-20093 for injection in combination with
    adebrelimab obtained approval to be included as Breakthrough-Therapy-Designated Drug by the NMPA,
    with the proposed indication for locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC without actionable
    genomic alterations that has progressed or relapsed after platinum-based chemotherapy. Subsequently,
    HS-20093 for injection was further approved by the NMPA to be included as Breakthrough-Therapy-
    Designated Drug for two indications, namely: in April 2026, advanced castration-resistant prostate cancer
    previously treated with novel endocrine therapy and taxane-based chemotherapy; and in May 2026,
    unresectable locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma that failed prior first-
    line treatment with platinum-based chemotherapy and ICI.

    In April 2026, HS-10522 tablets, a Class 1 innovative medicine self-developed by the Group, obtained
    two Clinical Trial Approvals issued by the NMPA, which are intended to be investigated in clinical trials
    for the treatment of uncontrolled hypertension (uHTN) and the treatment of primary aldosteronism (PA),
    respectively.

    In May 2026, HS-10541 tablets, a Class 1 innovative medicine self-developed by the Group, obtained a
    Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for the
    treatment of patients with KRAS G12C-mutated advanced solid tumors.

    In May 2026, the Group’s self-developed fourth-generation EGFR-TKI HS-10504 tablets obtained approval
    to be included as Breakthrough-Therapy-Designated Drug by the NMPA, with the proposed indication for
    locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC harboring the EGFR C797S mutation after prior EGFR-TKI therapy
    failure.

    In June 2026, the Biologics License Application of the Group’s innovative medicine Olatorepatide
    Injection was accepted by the NMPA for chronic weight management in obese or overweight adult
    patients.

    In June 2026, the NDA of HS-10568 injection (collaborator code SHR6508) was accepted by the NMPA
    for SHPT in adult patients with CKD undergoing hemodialysis.

    In June 2026, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Avere for HS-20118
    (collaborator code AVR-001), a cyclic peptide IL-23 receptor antagonist. Avere was granted an exclusive
    license to develop, manufacture and commercialize HS-20118 globally (excluding the Chinese Mainland,
    Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).

    The Group has improved steadily in ESG aspects. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s MSCI ESG
    rating was upgraded to the highest level of AAA, achieving a globally leading position. The Group was
    again selected for inclusion in the Sustainability Yearbook (Global Edition) 2026 and Sustainability
    Yearbook (China Edition ) 2026 published by S&P Global, and ranked in the top 1% of the Chinese
    pharmaceutical industry. It not only indicates the Company’s past achievements in the ESG field, but also
    represents our long-term commitment and strategic plan for sustainable development.




6   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INDUSTRY REVIEW

As the inaugural year of the 15th Five-Year Plan, the first half of 2026 saw rapid development in the
pharmaceutical industry, propelled by robust top-level policy design. In March, the Report on the Work of
the Government designated the biopharmaceutical sector as an “emerging pillar industry” at the national
level for the first time, marking the entry of pharmaceutical innovation into national core strategic arenas.
In April, the General Office of the State Council issued the Several Opinions on Improving the Drug Price
Formation Mechanism (《關於健全藥品價格形成機制的若干意見》) to optimize the first-launch pricing
mechanism for new medicines, such as innovative medicines, and to promote diversified payment and
rational pricing of innovative medicines. Policy signals were released in a concentrated manner across key
stages, including new medicines research and development, review and approval, and medical insurance
reimbursement, which have rapidly translated into strong momentum for the development of the industry.
During the first half of the year, both the number of innovative medicines approved for marketing and
the scale of out-licensing transactions reached record highs. China has firmly maintained its position
as the world’s second-largest pharmaceutical market with its investigational medicines accounting for
approximately 30% of the global total, while the proportion of high value-added formulation in exports
continued to increase. The Chinese innovative pharmaceutical industry is fully transitioning from the
“follower” phase to the “frontrunner” phase.

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB8,304
million, representing an increase of approximately 11.7% compared with the corresponding period of
the previous year; profit of approximately RMB4,258 million, representing an increase of approximately
35.8% compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; basic earnings per share
of approximately RMB0.70, representing an increase of approximately 33.1% compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year; revenue of innovative medicines amounted to approximately
RMB7,092 million, and its proportion of total revenue increased to approximately 85.4%.

We generate our revenue primarily from sales of pharmaceutical products. Our main products are
concentrated in the main therapeutic areas on which the Group strategically focuses. The increase in
profit and basic earnings per share during the Reporting Period was primarily due to the combined effect
of the increase in revenue of innovative medicines and the increase in other income.




                                                                                       2026 INTERIM REPORT      7
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS (Continued)

    For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the revenue and product portfolio of our therapeutic areas are
    as follows:

    Therapeutic Area                         Product Portfolio

    Oncology area                            Innovative medicine Ameile (Aumolertinib Mesylate Tablets),
      (revenue amounted to approximately     innovative medicine Hansoh Xinfu (Flumatinib Mesylate
      RMB5,473 million, accounting for       Tablets), Pulaile (Pemetrexed Disodium for Injection), Pulaitan
      approximately 65.9% of                 (Enzalutamide Soft Capsules) and Xinwei (Imatinib Mesylate
      the total revenue)                     Tablets), etc.

    Non-oncology areas                       Innovative medicine Hengmu (Tenofovir Amibufenamide
      (revenue amounted to approximately     Tablets), innovative medicine XINYUE (Inebilizumab Injection),
      RMB2,831 million, accounting for       innovative medicine Fulaimei (Polyethylene Glycol Loxenatide
      approximately 34.1% of                 Injection), innovative medicine Saint Luolai (Pegmolesatide
      the total revenue)                     Injection), Hengsen (Micafungin Sodium for Injection),
                                             Ameining (Agomelatine Tablets), Ailanning (Paliperidone
                                             Extended-Release Tablets), Oulanning (Olanzapine Tablets/
                                             Orally Disintegrating Tablets/Oral Soluble Films), Fulaidi
                                             (Repaglinide Tablets) and Punuoan (Ambrisentan Tablets),
                                             etc.




8   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE MEDICINE PRODUCTS

Ameile (阿美樂 ®)

Ameile (Aumolertinib Mesylate Tablets), self-developed by the Group, is the first original third-generation
EGFR-TKI innovative medicine in China. In March 2020, it was approved for the treatment of patients
with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with T790M mutation positive, who have progressed on or
after EGFR-TKI therapy. In December 2021, it was approved as the first-line treatment for adult patients
with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R)
substitute mutation positive. In March 2025, it was approved for the treatment of patients with locally
advanced, unresectable NSCLC whose disease has not progressed following definitive platinum-based
chemoradiotherapy whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitute mutations.
In May 2025, it was approved for the treatment of adult patients with stage II to IIIB NSCLC whose tumors
have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitute mutations, and who have undergone tumor
resection with or without prior adjuvant chemotherapy as determined by their physician. In June 2025,
it was approved by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in the UK for
marketing.

Ameile is continuously expanding its indications. In January 2026, the fifth indication of Ameile was
approved, in combination with pemetrexed and platinum-based chemotherapy to be used as the first-line
treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR exon 19
deletions or exon 21 (L858R) mutations.

As of the date of this report, the first to fourth indications of Ameile have been included in the NRDL,
continuously enhancing patient accessibility.

Ameile continues to strengthen its evidence base. As of the date of this report, Ameile has been
recommended as Class I or Preferred by multiple national diagnosis and treatment guidelines, including
the CSCO Guidelines for the treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (2026 Edition)* (《中國臨床腫瘤學
會非小細胞肺癌診療指南(2026 版)》               ). During the Reporting Period, six academic achievements of Ameile
were presented at authoritative conferences such as the ELCC and the ASCO, and eight were published
in top academic journals such as The Lancet Oncology , CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians and Journal
of Thoracic Oncology .

In January 2026, the ARTS study, a Phase III clinical trial of Aumolertinib as adjuvant therapy for patients
with stage II-IIIB EGFR-mutated NSCLC, was published in The Lancet Oncology (Impact Factor: 33.7).
The study results showed that Aumolertinib could significantly improve the disease-free survival (DFS) of
patients of stage II to IIIB NSCLC with EGFR mutations and whose tumors have been fully resected, with
a favorable safety profile.

In March 2026, the first prospective, randomized and multicenter Phase III trial (ACROSS 2 study)
specifically targeting EGFR-positive NSCLC patients with concomitant tumor-suppressor gene (TSG) co-
mutation was published in CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians (Impact Factor: 685.2). The results showed
that when compared with Aumolertinib monotherapy, the treatment by Aumolertinib in combination with
Carboplatin-Pemetrexed demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in
PFS.




                                                                                      2026 INTERIM REPORT      9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE MEDICINE PRODUCTS (Continued)

     Ameile (阿美樂 ®) (Continued)

     In June 2026, the Phase III trial (AENEAS2 study) for Aumolertinib in combination with platinum-based
     chemotherapy as first-line treatment for advanced NSCLC with EGFR-sensitive mutations was published
     in The Lancet Oncology (Impact Factor: 33.7). The results showed that Aumolertinib in combination with
     platinum-based doublet chemotherapy could significantly improve the PFS of advanced NSCLC patients
     who have EGFR sensitive mutations, with overall manageable safety.

     In June 2026, the Aumolertinib NEOVADE study was orally presented at the Clinical Science Symposium
     of ASCO 2026. The study explored for the first time a neoadjuvant treatment of Aumolertinib followed by
     chemo-IO, demonstrating excellent early survival benefits and pathological downstaging effects.

     In July 2026, the results of the Aumolertinib ACTIVE study were published in Journal of Thoracic
     Oncology (Impact Factor: 23.3). This is the world’s first prospective “treatment switching” study
     targeted at patients with third-generation EGFR-TKI (Osimertinib) intolerance. The study results showed
     that among patients who switched to Aumolertinib following Osimertinib intolerance, the three-month
     treatment-switch success rate was 70.6%, the mPFS period was 11.6 months, and the disease-control
     rate was 86.5%. The ACTIVE study has provided an evidence-based reference for the subsequent
     treatment of NSCLC patients who are intolerant to Osimertinib.

     During the Reporting Period, Aumolertinib has made additional global progress, including:

     In February 2026, Aumolertinib Mesylate Tablets (trade name in China: Ameile (阿美樂 ®), overseas trade
     name: Aumseqa ®) was approved in the EU as monotherapy for: (i) the first-line treatment of adult patients
     with advanced NSCLC whose tumors have EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitution
     mutations; and (ii) the treatment of adult patients with advanced EGFR T790M mutation-positive NSCLC.
     Aumolertinib Mesylate Tablets became the first EGFR-TKI original medicine developed in China that was
     approved for marketing in the EU.

     In August 2026, all five NMPA-approved indications of Aumolertinib were also approved for marketing by
     the Pharmaceutical Administration Bureau of Macau, covering the first-line and second-line treatment
     of advanced NSCLC with classic EGFR mutations, post-chemoradiotherapy consolidation for locally
     advanced disease, post-surgical adjuvant therapy, and first-line targeted therapy in combination with
     chemotherapy.




10   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE MEDICINE PRODUCTS (Continued)

Hansoh Xinfu (豪森昕福 ®)

Hansoh Xinfu (Flumatinib Mesylate Tablets) is the first original novel second-generation TKI for chronic
myeloid leukemia in China, which was approved in 2019. In 2020, Hansoh Xinfu was included in the
NRDL for the first time and was successfully renewed in November 2024, and is currently within the term
of the agreement. For the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia, based on results of existing clinical
trials, compared with first-generation TKIs, Hansoh Xinfu achieved faster and deeper molecular remission
(e.g. MMR, MR4.5), and compared to second-generation and other TKIs, it has comparable depth of
remission and durable efficacy. Hansoh Xinfu also has favorable safety profile, with no specific adverse
reactions (such as pleural effusion or cardiotoxicity) relating to the use of other second-generation
BCR-ABL TKI treatments being found. Further, no adverse reactions (such as hypertension or elevated
lipase) related to STAMP allosteric inhibitor treatment have been reported, and it has been adopted
for long-term application by an increasing number of patients. Both the Guidelines for the Diagnosis
and Treatment of Chronic Myeloid Leukemia (2022 Edition) * (《慢性髓性白血病診療指南(2022 年版)》)
issued by the National Health Commission of the PRC and the Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment
of Malignant Hematologic Diseases (2025) * (《惡性血液病診療指南 (2025)》) issued by the CSCO
recommended Hansoh Xinfu as the first-line treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia. The Guideline for
the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Myeloid Leukemia in China (2025 Edition) * (《慢性髓細胞性白血
病中國診斷與治療指南(2025年版)》                  ) recommended Flumatinib for first-line and subsequent line switching
treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia.

In June 2026, multiple studies relating to Hansoh Xinfu were presented at the 31st Annual Congress of
the European Hematology Association of 2026 (EHA 2026), encompassing real-world efficacy validation,
optimization of combination therapy strategies and exploration of prognostic factors. These studies
provide robust clinical evidence for the long-term standardized management of chronic myeloid leukemia.
The clinical efficacy and safety of Hansoh Xinfu are continuing to gain recognition within the international
academic community.

XINYUE (昕越 ®)

XINYUE (Inebilizumab Injection) is a targeted CD19 B-cell depleting antibody and the world’s first
humanized CD19 monoclonal antibody approved for the treatment of adult patients with AQP4
antibody-positive NMOSD. In May 2019, the Group entered into a license agreement with Viela Bio Inc.
(which was acquired by Horizon Therapeutics plc in 2021, and the latter was acquired by Amgen INC
in 2023) to obtain an exclusive license to develop and commercialize the product in Chinese Mainland,
Hong Kong and Macau. In March 2022, the product was approved by the NMPA in China and is
indicated for the treatment of adult NMOSD patients who are AQP4 antibody positive. In January 2023,
XINYUE was included in the NRDL for the first time and was successfully renewed in November 2024,
and is currently within the term of the agreement. In August 2025, the second indication for XINYUE was
approved for the treatment of adult patients with IgG4-related disease.

During the Reporting Period, XINYUE further expanded its scope of indications. In March 2026, the third
indication for XINYUE was approved to be used in combination with conventional therapeutic drugs for
the treatment of adult patients with gMG who are positive for anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-
muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibodies.




                                                                                      2026 INTERIM REPORT      11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE MEDICINE PRODUCTS (Continued)

     XINYUE (昕越 ®) (Continued)

     In April 2026, the results of nine real-world studies of XINYUE involving Chinese patients were selected
     for the 78th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) in 2026. The study results
     demonstrated that Inebilizumab showed significant efficacy and a favorable safety profile in patients with
     NMOSD and gMG, effectively reducing the disease relapse rate, improving disability scores, maintaining
     stable B-cell levels, and significantly enhancing patient treatment satisfaction and quality of life.

     Fulaimei (孚來美 ®)

     Fulaimei (Polyethylene Glycol Loxenatide Injection) is the first innovative medicine launched leveraging
     the Group’s proprietary PEGylation technology. It is the first original GLP-1RA weekly formulation in
     China and the world’s first PEG GLP-1RA weekly formulation, which was approved in May 2019 for the
     treatment of T2DM. Fulaimei provides a new treatment option that is safe, effective and convenient
     for T2DM patients in China, with clear efficacy in lowering blood glucose, combined with weight loss,
     lowering of cholesterol and blood pressure, renal and cardiovascular benefits, as well as low incidence
     of gastrointestinal reactions and hypoglycemic adverse events, while requiring only one subcutaneous
     injection per week. In 2020, Fulaimei was included in the NRDL for the first time and was successfully
     renewed in November 2024, and is currently within the term of the agreement.

     During the Reporting Period, abstracts of multiple real-world studies of Fulaimei were selected for
     international academic conferences, including 2026 ECIM and 2026 ECE.

     In March 2026, two real-world studies of Fulaimei, namely FIGHTING-2 and FIGHTING-3, were selected
     for the ECIM, further solidifying its leading position in cardiovascular protection compared to DPP-4i and
     certain imported GLP-1RAs in real-world clinical settings.

     In May 2026, two real-world studies of Fulaimei were selected for the ECE, focusing on cardiovascular
     and renal outcomes. This fully demonstrated its important clinical value in the comprehensive
     management of T2DM patients, and provided a solid evidence-based foundation for the individualized
     and full-course metabolic management of Chinese T2DM patients.

     During the Reporting Period, multiple study findings related to Fulaimei were published in internationally
     renowned journals, including Frontiers in Endocrinology , Journal of Endocrinological Investigation and
     Molecular Metabolism.

     In January 2026, Frontiers in Endocrinology published a randomized controlled clinical study,
     demonstrating for the first time the remarkable efficacy of Fulaimei in patients with severe obesity
     combined with T2DM, which provided important evidence-based medical support for the pharmacological
     treatment of such specific population.




12   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE MEDICINE PRODUCTS (Continued)

Fulaimei (孚來美 ®) (Continued)

In February 2026, a clinical observational study jointly conducted by 16 domestic hospitals demonstrated
for the first time in the T2DM population that Fulaimei in combination with standard therapy not only
effectively controls blood glucose, body weight and blood lipids, but also significantly improves the
cognitive function and emotional state of patients. This study provided new treatment insights and
evidence support for the comprehensive management of T2DM, particularly for patients at risk of
cognitive decline. The study results were published in the Journal of Endocrinological Investigation .

In June 2026, Molecular Metabolism , an authoritative journal in the field of endocrinology and
metabolism, published the Study on the Mechanism of Long-acting GLP-1 Receptor Agonist PEG-
Loxenatide in Diabetic Osteoporosis , which systematically reported for the first time the bone protective
potential of Fulaimei in diabetic osteoporosis, providing preliminary evidence for the application of such
medicine in the field of bone metabolism.

I n a dd i ti o n , F u l a i me i h a s b e e n s ucces s i v el y i ncl uded i n mul ti pl e authori tati v e gui del i nes and
consensuses, such as the Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus in China
(2024 Edition)* (《中國糖尿病防治指南(2024版)》), the National Guidelines for the Prevention and Control
of Diabetes in Primary Care (2025 Edition)* (《國家基層糖尿病防治管理指南(2025)》), the Guidelines for
the Management of Diabetes Mellitus in the Elderly in China (2024 Edition)* (《中國老年糖尿病診療指
南(2024版)》          ), the Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus Patients with
Cardiovascular Disease* (《糖尿病患者合併心血管疾病診治專家共識》), the Expert Consensus on Weight
Management in Patients with Diabetes Mellitus (2024 Edition)* (《糖尿病患者體重管理專家共識(2024版)》)
and the Chinese Expert Consensus on the Comprehensive Management of Patients with Cardiovascular-
Kidney-Metabolic Syndrome * (《心血管 － 腎臟 － 代謝綜合症患者的綜合管理中國專家共識》). In March
2026, Fulaimei was included in the Clinical Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2
Diabetes in the Elderly in China (2026 Edition)* (《中國老年 2 型糖尿病防治臨床指南(2026年版)》).

Hengmu (恒沐 ®)

Hengmu (Tenofovir Amibufenamide Tablets) is a novel nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI)
self-developed by the Group, which is the first originally developed oral dose medicine indicated for the
treatment of hepatitis B virus infection in China. Hengmu was approved by the NMPA in June 2021 for
the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis B. In the same year, Hengmu was included in the
NRDL for the first time and was successfully renewed for inclusion in the 2025 NRDL in December 2025.

The 48-week, 96-week and 144-week results of the phase III registration clinical study and the research
data of the phase IV study with a follow-up period of up to 5 years (240 weeks) of Hengmu have been
published in several academic journals and international conferences. The results of the studies strongly
confirmed the efficacy and safety of Hengmu in the long-term treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis
B. Specifically, in terms of bone and renal safety, Hengmu demonstrates advantages over tenofovir
disoproxil fumarate (TDF).




                                                                                                       2026 INTERIM REPORT          13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     INNOVATIVE MEDICINE PRODUCTS (Continued)

     Hengmu (恒沐 ®) (Continued)

     As of the date of this report, Hengmu has been successively recommended by 17 domestic and overseas
     guidelines and consensuses, including the Asian-Pacific Clinical Practice Guidelines on the Management
     of Chronic Hepatitis B (2026 Edition)* (《亞太慢性乙型肝炎管理臨床實踐指南(2026 版)》). Findings on
     multiple clinical studies of Hengmu were presented at top international academic conferences in the
     field of hepatology, including the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) Annual
     Meeting, the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Annual Meeting and the Asian
     Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver (APASL) Annual Meeting, and were published in domestic
     and international journals such as Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics , Frontiers In Pharmacology ,
     World Journal of Gastroenterology , Journal of Clinical and Translational Hepatology and Chinese Journal
     of Hepatology .

     Saint Luolai (聖羅萊 ®)

     Saint Luolai (Pegmolesatide Injection), self-developed by the Group, is the “only class 1 small molecule
     peptide chemical drug approved worldwide in the field of renal anemia treatment”. In June 2023, Saint
     Luolai was approved for two indications to treat anemia in CKD adult patients who have not received
     erythropoiesis-stimulating agent and are not on dialysis, as well as those who are receiving short-acting
     erythropoietin treatment and on dialysis. In 2023, Saint Luolai was included in the NRDL for the first time
     and was successfully renewed for inclusion in the 2025 NRDL in December 2025.

     Saint Luolai has high affinity and selectivity to EPO receptor. It effectively promotes erythropoiesis and
     assists in reducing potential safety risks. The data of the phase III pivotal registrational clinical trial
     of Saint Luolai (published in eClinicalMedicine , a subset of The Lancet , in 2023) demonstrated that
     subcutaneous injection of Saint Luolai once a month is as effective and safe as fast-acting rHuEPO
     conventionally administered 1 to 3 times a week in treating anemia in Chinese dialysis patients. It even
     shows a trend of superiority and a lower incidence of adverse cardiovascular events. Latest post-hoc
     analyses have demonstrated that the risk of adverse cardiovascular events in the Saint Luolai group was
     lower than that in the rHuEPO group in both dialysis and non-dialysis patients. A mechanistic study
     further suggested that the favorable cardiovascular safety profile of Saint Luolai may be attributable to its
     high selectivity for the EPO receptor. Post-hoc analyses also revealed that, among non-dialysis patients,
     the Saint Luolai group exhibited higher iron utilization rates and lower iron supplementation requirements
     compared with the rHuEPO group. Recent studies also found that Saint Luolai’s prolonged anti-anemia
     effect not only results from higher pharmacokinetic half-life due to PEGylation, but is also related to
     mechanisms such as Pegmolesatide’s enhanced EPO receptor binding stability.




14   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


INNOVATIVE MEDICINE PRODUCTS (Continued)

Saint Luolai (聖羅萊 ®) (Continued)

As of the date of this report, multiple study findings of Saint Luolai have been published in top-tier
journals or medical conferences, including eClinicalMedicine , Kidney International Reports , Journal of
Translational Medicine , International Immunopharmacology , Frontiers in Pharmacology , as well as the
American Society of Nephrology (ASN) Kidney Week, the International Society of Nephrology (ISN) and
the World Congress of Nephrology (WCN).

With its innovative structure, unique mechanism of action and solid clinical evidence, Saint Luolai has
been recommended by multiple guidelines and consensuses, including the Clinical Practice Guideline
for Delaying the Progression of Chronic Kidney Disease (2025 Edition)* (《延緩慢性腎臟病進展臨床管理
指南(2025年版)》       ), the Chinese Clinical Practice Guidelines for the Management of Peridialysis-Related
Chronic Kidney Disease (2025 Edition)* (《中國圍透析期慢性腎臟病管理臨床實踐指南 (2025 年版 )》),
the Chinese Expert Consensus on the Clinical Management of Renal Anemia in Patients undergoing
Maintenance Hemodialysis (2026 Edition)* (《維持性血液透析合併腎性貧血臨床管理中國專家共識(2026
版)》  ), the Chinese Expert Consensus on Long-acting Erythropoiesis-stimulating Agents in the Treatment of
Renal Anemia (2024 Edition)* (《長效紅細胞生成刺激劑治療腎性貧血中國專家共識(2024年版)》) and the
Chinese Expert Consensus on Guiding Self-management of Patients with Renal Anemia (2024 Edition)*
(
《指導腎性貧血患者自我管理的中國專家共識(2024版)》                           ).




                                                                                    2026 INTERIM REPORT     15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     R&D AND INNOVATION

     Innovation is the core driver of the Company’s development. The Group has consistently increased
     its investment in R&D year by year, established comprehensive R&D platforms, and built a portfolio
     of proprietary technologies. It has successfully developed and commercialized multiple innovative
     medicines, while advancing a pipeline of innovative medicines across various stages of development. Our
     professional R&D team consists of over 2,500 research fellows at four R&D centres located in Maryland,
     United States, and Shanghai, Changzhou and Lianyungang, China. We have several national-level R&D
     designations, including the National Technology Center* (國家級技術中心), Post-doctoral Research
     Station* (博士後科研工作站) and Key National Laboratory* (國家重點實驗室).

     During the six months ended June 30, 2026, we submitted eight formal patent applications in China and
     92 formal patent applications overseas, and were granted 57 patents globally.

     R&D pipeline update

     During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group had more than 70 clinical trials of innovative
     medicines being investigated, covering more than 40 innovative medicine candidates.

     During the Reporting Period, we had four new innovative medicine candidates entering clinical stage,
     including HS-20152 (for PNH); HS-10587 (for MTAP-deleted advanced solid tumors); HS-10522 (for
     uncontrolled hypertension (uHTN) and primary aldosteronism (PA)); HS-10541 (for KRAS G12C-mutated
     advanced solid tumors).

     During the Reporting Period, three new phase III pivotal registration clinical trials were added, including:
     self-developed B7-H3-directed ADC HS-20093 (for 2L non-AGA NSCLC, esophageal squamous cell
     carcinoma); self-developed Orexin Receptors (OXR)-targeted HS-10506 (for insomnia).

     R&D progress of oncology key pipeline candidates

     Risvutatug Rezetecan (HS-20093)

     HS-20093, a B7-H3-directed ADC self-developed by the Group, is composed of a fully human anti-B7-H3
     monoclonal antibody covalently linked to topoisomerase inhibitor (TOPOi) payload. In December 2023,
     the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with GSK, pursuant to which GSK was granted
     an exclusive worldwide license (excluding the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) to
     develop, manufacture and commercialize the product.

     During the Reporting Period, HS-20093 was successfully advanced to clinical trials for multiple
     indications in the PRC: its use for the treatment of 2L non-AGA non-squamous NSCLC and esophageal
     squamous cell carcinoma has entered into the Phase III, while proofs of concept (PoC) clinical studies
     for the treatment of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), castrate-resistant prostate cancer
     and other solid tumors were also advancing concurrently.




16   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

R&D progress of oncology key pipeline candidates (Continued)

Risvutatug Rezetecan (HS-20093) (Continued)

In July 2026, HS-20093 met the primary endpoint of OS in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial (ARTEMIS-008)
for patients with advanced or relapsed SCLC after prior platinum-based therapy. In August 2026, based
on the positive results from the ARTEMIS-008 trial, the product’s indication for SCLC after the failure of
prior platinum-based chemotherapy was included in the Priority Review and Approval Procedure of the
NMPA. In September 2026, the biologics license application of HS-20093 for injection was accepted
by the NMPA, for the treatment of adult patients with SCLC after the failure of prior platinum-based
chemotherapy.

In July 2026, HS-20093 met the IRC-PFS primary endpoint in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial
(ARTEMIS-011) for patients with osteosarcoma who had progressed or relapsed after at least two prior
lines of systemic therapy.

During the Reporting Period, HS-20093 was granted three Breakthrough-Therapy-Designated Drugs by
the NMPA as follows:

In April 2026, HS-20093 for injection in combination with adebrelimab for locally advanced or metastatic
non-squamous NSCLC without actionable genomic alterations that has progressed or relapsed after
platinum-based chemotherapy.

In April 2026, HS-20093 for injection for advanced castration-resistant prostate cancer previously treated
with novel endocrine therapy and taxane-based chemotherapy.

In May 2026, HS-20093 for injection for unresectable locally advanced or metastatic esophageal
squamous cell carcinoma that failed prior first-line treatment with platinum-based chemotherapy and ICI.

As at the end of the Reporting Period, it has obtained a total of 12 regulatory designations in China, the
United States, Europe and Japan, covering multiple solid tumor indications with high clinical demand.

In addition to the three aforementioned NMPA Breakthrough-Therapy-Designated Drugs, it also includes
three Breakthrough-Therapy-Designated Drugs granted by the NMPA: in November 2024, for ES-
SCLC developed after standard first-line treatment (platinum doublet chemotherapy combined with
immunotherapy); in February 2025, for the treatment of patients with osteosarcoma who have progressed
on at least two prior lines of therapy; in April 2025, for locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous
NSCLC without actionable genomic alterations that has progressed or recurred following platinum-based
chemotherapy.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT     17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

     R&D progress of oncology key pipeline candidates (Continued)

     Risvutatug Rezetecan (HS-20093) (Continued)

     Two Breakthrough Therapy Designations and one ODD were granted by the U.S. Food and Drug
     Administration (FDA): in August 2024, for the treatment of patients with ES-SCLC with disease
     progression on or after platinum-based chemotherapy (relapsed or refractory); in January 2025, for the
     treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory osteosarcoma (bone cancer) who have progressed
     on at least two prior lines of therapy; in December 2025, for the treatment of SCLC.

     One Priority Medicines (PRIME) designation and one ODD were granted by the European Medicines
     Agency (EMA): in December 2024, for the treatment of patients with relapsed ES-SCLC; in October 2025,
     for the treatment of pulmonary neuroendocrine cancer, including SCLC.

     One ODD was granted by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare of Japan: in March 2026, for the
     treatment of SCLC.

     During the Reporting Period, multiple clinical studies of HS-20093 were presented at international
     academic conferences or published in authoritative journals:

     In February 2026, the Phase II study of HS-20093 for the treatment of patients with mCRPC was
     presented at the 2026 ASCO Genitourinary Cancers Symposium (GU). The results showed that HS-20093
     demonstrated favorable anti-tumor activity in both taxane-pretreated and taxane-naïve mCRPC patients,
     with an overall manageable safety profile.

     In March 2026, the Phase Ia/b study of HS-20093 was published in Cancer Cell . The results showed
     that HS-20093 demonstrated clinically meaningful anti-tumor activity in lung cancer patients who had
     previously received multiple lines of therapy.

     In April 2026, the Phase I study of HS-20093 in combination with adebrelimab for the treatment of
     patients with non-squamous NSCLC without actionable genomic alterations was presented at the
     2026 AACR Annual Meeting. The results demonstrated encouraging anti-tumor activity and an overall
     manageable safety profile.

     In June 2026, the positive Phase II study results of HS-20093 for the treatment of patients with relapsed
     or refractory osteosarcoma and soft tissue sarcoma (STS) were presented at the 2026 European Society
     for Medical Oncology Targeted Anticancer Therapies Asia (ESMO TAT Asia) Congress, demonstrating
     durable anti-tumor activity and a manageable safety profile in both indications.




18   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

R&D progress of oncology key pipeline candidates (Continued)

Mocertatug Rezetecan (HS-20089)

HS-20089 is a B7-H4-targeted ADC self-developed by the Group. In October 2023, the Group entered
into an exclusive license agreement with GSK, pursuant to which the Group granted GSK an exclusive
global license (excluding Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) to develop, manufacture
and commercialize this product. In May 2025, HS-20089 was approved by the NMPA as Breakthrough-
Therapy-Designated Drug for the proposed indication of treatment of patients with platinum-resistant
recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer, fallopian tube cancer or primary peritoneal cancer.

During the Reporting Period, HS-20089 made smooth progress in multiple clinical trials for various
indications in China, including a Phase III clinical study for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer and proof-
of-concept (PoC) studies for the treatment of other solid tumors.

In February 2026, the results of two clinical studies of HS-20089 in patients with platinum-sensitive
ovarian cancer (PSOC) were presented at the 2026 European Society of Gynaecological Oncology (ESGO)
Congress, as follows:

HS-20089-103 Study, a Phase I study designed to evaluate HS-20089 combination therapies in patients
with advanced solid tumors. The results demonstrated that, among patients with platinum-sensitive
recurrent ovarian cancer, with a median follow-up period of 3.9 months, HS-20089 in combination
with bevacizumab exhibited favorable anti-tumor activity with cORR at 72.2%, and manageable safety.
Consistent with the previously reported known safety profile, no new or additive toxicities were observed.

HS-20089-201 Study, a Phase II study designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety, pharmacokinetics
and immunogenicity of HS-20089 in Chinese patients with recurrent or metastatic ovarian cancer and
endometrial cancer. The results demonstrated that, among heavily pretreated patients with platinum-
sensitive recurrent ovarian cancer, with a median follow-up period of 16.6 months, three patients
achieved complete response (CR), and the cORR was 64.5%. The median duration of response (DoR)
was 13.8 months, and the mPFS was 14.1 months. The safety profile of monotherapy was manageable
and consistent with prior clinical experience.

HS-20122

HS-20122 is a bispecific ADC developed based on HS-20117 that targets EGFR/c-MET. In March
2024, the Group entered into a license agreement with Biotheus and obtained an exclusive license
from Biotheus to use bispecific antibody targeting EGFR/c-MET, including HS-20117, globally for the
development, production and commercialization of ADC products, with the right of sublicense.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

     R&D progress of oncology key pipeline candidates (Continued)

     Dalmelitinib Mesylate Tablets (HS-10241)

     Dalmelitinib Mesylate Tablets is an orally administered and highly selective c-MET TKI self-developed
     by the Group, for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic EGFR mutation-positive
     NSCLC whose tumors have MET amplification after failure of prior EGFR-TKI therapy.

     In February 2026, the NDA for Dalmelitinib Mesylate Tablets in combination with Aumolertinib Mesylate
     Tablets (Ameile 阿美樂 ®) was accepted by the NMPA.

     In March 2026, the 2026 ELCC presented the Phase Ib study data of Dalmelitinib Mesylate Tablets in
     combination with Aumolertinib Mesylate Tablets for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or
     metastatic EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC whose tumors have MET amplification after failure of prior
     EGFR-TKI therapy. The study results demonstrated that Dalmelitinib in combination with Aumolertinib
     exhibited encouraging clinical anti-tumor activity and a manageable safety profile in 115 efficacy-
     evaluable NSCLC patients. Specifically, mPFS was 7.4 months and median OS was 25.4 months. Among
     the evaluable patients, >85% had previously undergone third-generation EGFR-TKI therapy, which aligns
     more closely with clinical practice; furthermore, compared with previous reports, this study covered
     broader detection thresholds for MET amplification. In terms of safety, the combination therapy was well
     tolerated, with most of the TEAEs being Grade 1-2 and generally reversible. No new safety signals were
     identified.

     HS-10504

     HS-10504 is a novel, potent and highly selective fourth-generation EGFR-TKI self-developed by the
     Group. As of the date of this report, it has entered Phase III clinical trials in patients with NSCLC.

     In April 2026, the results of the first-in-human Phase I study of HS-10504 in patients with advanced
     NSCLC were presented at the 2026 AACR Annual Meeting. The study results demonstrated that HS-
     10504 exhibited notable anti-tumor activity in patients with NSCLC harbouring the EGFR C797S mutation.
     Given its rapid onset of action, durable remission and manageable safety profile, it has the potential to
     become a new treatment option for these patients with poor prognosis and currently no targeted therapy
     options.

     In May 2026, HS-10504 was approved by the NMPA as Breakthrough-Therapy-Designated Drug, with the
     proposed indication for patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR C797S mutations
     who have failed EGFR-TKI therapy.

     HS-10365

     HS-10365 capsules is a highly selective RET inhibitor self-developed by the Group. In October 2025,
     its NDA was accepted by the NMPA for the treatment of adult patients with RET fusion-positive locally
     advanced or metastatic NSCLC.




20   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

R&D progress of non-oncology key pipeline candidates

Olatorepatide (HS-20094)

Olatorepatide is a once-weekly subcutaneous injection GLP-1/GIP receptor dual agonist self-developed
by the Group, which serves to modulate the metabolic pathways associated with appetite control, glucose
metabolism and energy balance. By activating complementary insulinotropic pathways, Olatorepatide
aims to achieve robust weight loss while maintaining a favorable tolerability profile.

In March 2026, the Phase III clinical trial of Olatorepatide for the treatment of adults with obesity or
overweight met its co-primary endpoints. The study results demonstrated that the Olatorepatide group
achieved a mean body weight reduction from baseline of up to 19.3% at Week 48, and up to 97.2% of
subjects achieved a body weight reduction of ≥5%, representing a statistically significant difference as
compared with the placebo group. Olatorepatide also demonstrated favorable gastrointestinal tolerability,
with an average incidence of nausea of <10% and an average incidence of vomiting of <5%. Compared
with published Phase III clinical trial data for GLP-1-related dual agonists, Olatorepatide was associated
with lower rates of gastrointestinal adverse events and treatment discontinuation.

In June 2026, the NMPA accepted the Biologics License Application for Olatorepatide Injection for long-
term weight management in adults with obesity or overweight.

In June 2026, an in vitro pharmacology study report on Olatorepatide Injection was presented at the
2026 Endocrine Society Annual Meeting (ENDO). The results indicated that Olatorepatide, as a dual-
biased GLP-1/GIP agonist, possesses a favorable GIP/GLP-1 activity ratio with reduced β-arrestin2
recruitment and receptor internalization at both GLP-1/GIP targets. This profile was specifically designed
to minimize gastrointestinal adverse reactions while maintaining potent therapeutic effects. These in vitro
characteristics provide a mechanistic prediction of its clinical performance.

HS-20118

HS-20118 is a highly differentiated oral IL-23 receptor antagonist self-developed by the Group, which is
in Phase II clinical study for the treatment of psoriasis, demonstrating the potential to be developed into a
convenient once-weekly oral therapy.

In May 2026, a Phase I clinical study of HS-20118 was presented at the 2026 Society for Investigative
Dermatology (SID) Annual Meeting. The results showed that HS-20118 demonstrated promising
efficacy signals and concordant biomarker responses, achieving therapeutic effects comparable to IL-
23 monoclonal antibody therapies in participants with psoriasis, with a favorable safety profile. Among
the patients with psoriasis, following only 4 weeks of treatment, it demonstrated clinically significantly
greater PASI improvements from baseline compared to the placebo group. Furthermore, PASI scores
continued to decrease over the subsequent 6 weeks after treatment discontinuation: 100mg QW cohort:
-39.1% at week 4, -58.0% at week 10; 25mg QD cohort: -54.5% at week 4, -90.5% at week 10. At week
8, PASI 75 response rates were 33.3% in the 100mg QW cohort and 75.0% in the 25mg QD cohort. A
similar trend was observed for IGA 0/1 response rate, with the 25mg QD cohort achieving a notably high
IGA 0/1 response rate of 87.5%. HS-20118 has a favorable safety profile; only mild-to-moderate TEAEs
were reported, with no dose-dependent relationship observed. Most TEAEs were transient and resolved/
recovered without medical treatment. The incidence of moderate TEAEs was similar in Chinese and New
Zealand participants in the SAD trial. No SAEs or TEAEs leading to withdrawal from the trial occurred.




                                                                                       2026 INTERIM REPORT      21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     R&D AND INNOVATION (Continued)

     R&D progress of non-oncology key pipeline candidates (Continued)

     HS-20118 (Continued)

     In June 2026, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Avere for HS-20118
     (collaborator code AVR-001), granting an exclusive license to Avere to develop, manufacture and
     commercialize HS-20118 globally (excluding the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).

     HS-10506

     HS-10506 is a selective orexin-2 receptor (OX2R) antagonist self-developed by the Group, which is in
     Phase III clinical study for the treatment of insomnia.

     In April 2026, a Phase Ib/II clinical study was presented at the 2026 American Academy of Neurology
     (AAN) Annual Meeting. The results showed that HS-10506 demonstrated sustained improvements in
     both subjective and objective sleep measures and favorable safety profiles across all doses. In Phase II
     clinical study, compared with the placebo group, the mean changes from baseline in the sleep latency
     (LPS D13/D14) of the HS-10506 20mg, 40mg and 60mg groups were -13.7 min (95% CI: -21.0, -6.4; P
     < 0.001), -16.6 min (95% CI: -23.8, -9.3; P < 0.001) and -18.8 min (95% CI: -26.1, -11.6; P < 0.001),
     respectively, all of which were statistically significant and clinically meaningful. In terms of safety profile,
     HS-10506 showed favorable safety profiles across all doses. No negative impact on alertness, cognitive
     function, depressive symptoms or anxiety symptoms was observed following the treatment. No rebound
     insomnia occurred following discontinuation of treatment.

     HS-10542

     HS-10542 is a small molecule complement factor B inhibitor self-developed by the Group, which is in
     Phase II clinical study for complement-mediated diseases.

     In March 2026, a Phase I study of it was presented at the 2026 World Congress of Nephrology (WCN).
     The results showed that HS-10542 has demonstrated potential as a best-in-class, once-daily therapy for
     complement-mediated diseases, with a favorable safety and PK profile and robust alternative pathway
     (AP) inhibition within 24 hours. HS-10542 was rapidly absorbed, with a median Tmax of 1-2 hours. The
     terminal half-life ranged from 26-33 hours supporting a once-daily dosing regimen. HS-10542 has a
     favorable safety profile. No deaths, SAEs or severe adverse events (AEs) were reported. TEAEs were mild.
     TEAEs were comparable between the pooled HS-10542 group and placebo group in SAD (62.5% vs.
     62.5%) and in multiple ascending dose (MAD) (76.9% vs. 88.9%) parts.

     HS-10374

     HS-10374 is a selective allosteric inhibitor of TYK2 self-developed by the Group. In phase II clinical trial
     in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, HS-10374 demonstrated significant efficacy, with
     overall safety similar to other TYK2 inhibitors and a lower risk of skin-related toxicity. Currently, we are
     actively advancing phase III clinical studies of HS-10374 in adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque
     psoriasis.




22   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

As an important part of our daily business, the Group pays close attention to the cutting-edge
developments in the global pharmaceutical industry and proactively seizes opportunities for out-licensing
and collaboration in BD. During the Reporting Period, the Company advanced clinical trials for eight
in-licensed projects, with a further three in the commercialization stage, as well as several platform
or technology collaboration projects. Meanwhile, the Group maximized the commercial value of its
proprietary pipeline products and actively pursued out-licensing opportunities.

On June 15, 2026, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Avere for HS-20118
(collaborator code AVR-001), an IL-23 receptor antagonist. Under the license agreement, the Group
granted an exclusive license to Avere to develop, manufacture and commercialize the product globally
(excluding the Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), subject to the terms and conditions
thereof. The Group is eligible to receive upfront payments totaling US$120 million and up to US$2.18
billion in milestone payments associated with development and sales, as well as mid-single to low-double
digit royalty payments on sales in the licensed territory. For details, please refer to the announcement of
the Company dated July 14, 2026.

Clinical Progress of In-licensing and Collaboration Programs

During the Reporting Period, the Group incurred a total of approximately RMB44 million of R&D expenses
due to the in-licensed or collaborative projects that had been introduced in the past, which were mainly
for advancing the clinical trials of a number of in-licensed projects.

Progress of HS-20117

HS-20117 is a fully human immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1) bispecific antibody that simultaneously targets
EGFR and c-MET. In November 2022, the Group entered into a licensing agreement with Biotheus,
pursuant to which the Group obtained the exclusive license to develop and commercialize HS-20117
(collaborator code PM1080) in China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).

In June 2026, a Phase I study of HS-20117 for the treatment of advanced NSCLC with EGFR ex20ins
previously treated with platinum-based chemotherapy was presented at the 2026 European Society for
Medical Oncology Targeted Anticancer Therapies Asia (ESMO TAT Asia). The results showed that HS-
20117 has demonstrated a favorable anti-tumor activity in advanced NSCLC harboring EGFR ex20ins
with manageable safety. Among the 22 patients with EGFR ex20ins-mutated advanced NSCLC, median
duration of responses (DoR) was 16.6 months, the mPFS was 9.3 months, and the estimated 12-month
overall survival rate was 84.9%. Among the 25 safety-evaluable patients, HS-20117 demonstrated
a favorable and manageable safety profile, with most TRAEs being Grade 1-2. No TRAE led to dose
discontinuation or death.

As of the date of this report, clinical development of HS-20117 for NSCLC, colorectal cancer (CRC) and
head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) was ongoing.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT      23
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

     Clinical Progress of In-licensing and Collaboration Programs (Continued)

     Progress of HS-10568

     HS-10568 is an allosteric modulator of calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR) which increases the receptor’s
     sensitivity to extracellular calcium, thereby reducing the secretion of parathyroid hormone (PTH). In
     December 2025, the Group entered into a licensing agreement with Hengrui, pursuant to which the
     Group obtained the exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize HS-10568 (collaborator
     code SHR6508) in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), with the right of sub-license in
     accordance with the terms of the licensing agreement.

     In June 2026, the NDA for HS-10568 was accepted by the NMPA for the treatment of SHPT in adult
     patients with CKD undergoing hemodialysis.

     Progress of HS-10382

     HS-10382 is a novel BCR-ABL kinase allosteric inhibitor that specifically targets the ABL myristoyl pocket
     (STAMP). In July 2020, the Group entered into a licensing agreement with Terns Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
     (which was acquired by Merck & Co., Inc. in May 2026), pursuant to which the Group obtained the
     exclusive license to develop and commercialize HS-10382 (collaborator code TRN-000632) in China
     (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).

     In June 2026, data on HS-10382 as monotherapy and in combination with Flumatinib for patients
     with newly diagnosed chronic myeloid leukemia in the chronic phase (CML-CP) were presented at the
     2026 European Hematology Association (EHA) Congress. The study results showed that HS-10382,
     as monotherapy and in combination with Flumatinib, has shown promising anti-tumor activity with a
     favorable safety profile in the evaluated Chronic Myeloid Leukemia-Chronic phase (CML-CP) population.
     Among the patients with newly diagnosed Ph+ CML-CP administered with HS-10382 in combination
     with Flumatinib as first-line therapy, at week 48, MMR achieved 80% and MR4.0 reached 30%. In
     another study initiated by the investigator, among the patients with newly diagnosed Ph+ CML-CP
     administered with HS-10382 as monotherapy, at week 48, MMR achieved 66.7% and MR4.0 was 28.6%.
     It demonstrated a favorable safety profile as both monotherapy and combination therapy.




24   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG)

Adhering to our core values of “Responsibility, Integrity, Dedication and Innovation”, the Group has in the
long term been committed to improving the accessibility of innovative medicines in the areas with unmet
clinical needs. During the Reporting Period, we continued to optimize our efforts in R&D innovation,
governance, environmental protection, talent cultivation and inclusive healthcare, laying a solid
foundation for the long-term development of the Company. We are continuously improving the disclosures
of our governance, strategy, risk management, metrics and targets on key ESG issues in response to
stakeholders’ concerns as well as enhancing the level of ESG management to lower operating risks.

In the first half of 2026, the Board continued to perform its supervisory duties. Through the ESG
Committee, the Board regularly reviewed risk prevention strategies and systems, ESG strategies and
emerging risks, as well as key performance indicators that reflect the comprehensive improvement of ESG
results, and took proactive and forward-looking measures to address the identified hidden hazards or
potential risks.

During the Reporting Period, we continued to engage an independent third party to provide assurance
for our 2025 ESG report, and continued to carry out systematic inspections and third-party verification of
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, to ensure the authenticity, completeness and
reliability of ESG information and data disclosure.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to the highest level of AAA,
achieving a globally leading position. The Group was again selected for inclusion in the Sustainability
Yearbook (Global Edition) 2026 and Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition) 2026 published by S&P
Global, and ranked in the top 1% of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry.

We actively respond to the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations, deeply integrate
ESG management into the Company’s long-term planning, and proactively address ESG challenges
to contribute to global sustainable development. We are committed to sharing proven practices with
partners across the industry chain, promoting green innovations to benefit a broader medical community,
and bringing new hope to areas of unmet clinical needs. This is not only conducive to ecological
environment protection and social welfare, but also beneficial to creating a more stable and sustainable
business environment, realizing coordinated economic, social and environmental development. We will
continue to adhere to the philosophy of being “patient-centered and innovation-driven”, actively fulfill our
responsibility as a corporate citizen, and create long-term value for the industry and society.




                                                                                      2026 INTERIM REPORT      25
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB8,304 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 11.7% as compared to approximately RMB7,434 million for
     the six months ended June 30, 2025. The Group’s revenue was primarily generated from the sales of
     pharmaceutical products. Major products are concentrated in the main therapeutic areas on which the
     Group strategically focuses, including oncology, metabolism, immunology, CNS and anti-infectives. The
     increase in revenue during the Reporting Period was primarily due to approximately 21.6% growth in the
     sales revenue of innovative medicine products.

     Cost of Sales

     The Group’s cost of sales increased by approximately 1.6% from approximately RMB661 million for
     the six months ended June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB671 million for the Reporting Period, which
     accounted for approximately 8.1% of the Group’s total revenue for the same period. The increase in cost
     of sales of the Group was mainly attributable to the increased sales of products for the Reporting Period,
     as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025.

     Other Income

     The Group’s other income mainly consisted of investment income, bank interest income, government
     grants and other income. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s other income amounted to
     approximately RMB1,318 million, representing an increase of approximately 127.9% as compared
     to approximately RMB578 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The increase was mainly
     attributable to increased significant income arising from an unlisted equity investment of the Group
     through venture capital funds in the life science industry during the period.

     Selling and Distribution Expenses

     The Group’s selling and distribution expenses consisted of expenses that were directly related to the
     Group’s marketing and promotion activities. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s selling and
     distribution expenses amounted to approximately RMB1,861 million, representing an increase of
     approximately 2.3% as compared to approximately RMB1,818 million for the six months ended June 30,
     2025. The increase was mainly attributable to the growth of sales revenue.

     Administrative Expenses

     The Group’s administrative expenses primarily consisted of staff costs, general operating expenses,
     depreciation and amortization, auditor’s remuneration, consulting expenses, taxation and other
     administrative expenses. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s administrative expenses amounted
     to approximately RMB326 million, representing a decrease of approximately 4.8% as compared to
     approximately RMB343 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The decrease was mainly due to
     strengthened cost controls during the period.




26   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued)

R&D Expenses

The Group’s R&D expenses primarily consisted of employee costs, CRO and experiment costs, material
expenses, energy expenses, BD expenses, depreciation and amortization and other R&D expenses.
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s R&D expenses amounted to approximately RMB1,739 million,
representing an increase of approximately 20.7% as compared to approximately RMB1,441 million for
the six months ended June 30, 2025. The increase was primarily attributable to the fact that the Group
has focused on innovation and consistently increased its investment in R&D year by year, establishing
comprehensive R&D platforms, developing and launching multiple innovative medicine products and
reserving pipelines of innovative medicines at various stages of development.

Other Expenses

The Group’s other expenses primarily consisted of fair value gain/(loss) of financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss, interest expenses, exchange differences, net, and impairment of inventories, net,
etc. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s other expenses amounted to approximately RMB15 million, as
compared to other expenses of approximately RMB61 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.
The change was mainly due to fair value gain of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss during
the period.

Income Tax Expense

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB751
million, representing an increase of approximately 35.8% as compared to approximately RMB553 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The increase in the Group’s income tax expense was primarily
attributable to the increase in profit before tax for the Reporting Period as compared to the six months
ended June 30, 2025.

Profit for the Period

The Group’s profit for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB4,258 million, representing an
increase of approximately 35.8% as compared to approximately RMB3,135 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2025, which was primarily due to the combined effect of the increase in revenue of
innovative medicines and the increase in other income.




                                                                                      2026 INTERIM REPORT      27
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued)

     Liquidity and Financial Resources

     Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its capital resources and
     mitigate potential risks. The Board considers various funding sources depending on the Group’s funding
     needs to ensure that the financial resources have been used in the most cost-effective and efficient way.
     We also closely monitor uses of cash resources and strive to maintain healthy liquidity for the needs of
     our business operations.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow
     of RMB2,337 million. The capital expenditure during the Reporting Period was RMB303 million, mainly
     relating to the construction of workshops, as well as, among other things, the purchase of equipment,
     motor vehicles and software required for production, R&D and administrative activities, etc. The cash flow
     of financing activities for the Reporting Period mainly consisted of the net proceeds from the issuance of
     convertible bonds, which were approximately HK$4,640 million.

     The Group’s financial position remains sound. As at June 30, 2026, the Group had net current assets of
     approximately RMB32,968 million, as compared to approximately RMB31,160 million as at December 31,
     2025. The increase in net current assets was mainly attributable to increased cash and bank balances.
     The current ratio of the Group decreased to approximately 4.9 as at June 30, 2026 from approximately
     8.1 as at December 31, 2025, primarily due to issuance of convertible bonds. As at June 30, 2026, we
     had cash and bank balances of RMB37,383 million (as at December 31, 2025: RMB31,549 million) and
     current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB0 million (as at December 31, 2025:
     RMB18 million). As each of the financial products was subscribed with different banks under different
     terms and are of different nature and none of the financial products exceeds 5% of the applicable
     percentage ratios on a standalone basis, the Group’s purchase of financial products during the six
     months ended June 30, 2026 does not constitute notifiable transactions of the Company under the
     Listing Rules. As at June 30, 2026, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided by total
     assets) was approximately 19.0% (as at December 31, 2025: 11.4%). The increase in gearing ratio was
     primarily due to issuance of convertible bonds. After reviewing the Group’s profitability, working capital
     and capital expenditure requirements, the Board is of the view that the Group has no significant liquidity
     risk and has sufficient working capital.




28   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued)

Liquidity and Financial Resources (Continued)

Most of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi and United States Dollars. The
Group manages its foreign exchange risk by closely monitoring its net foreign exchange exposure to
reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations.

Pledge of Group Assets

As at June 30, 2026, none of the Group’s assets was subject to any encumbrance, mortgage, lien, charge
or pledge.

Contingent Liabilities

As at June 30, 2026, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

Significant Investments Held

During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any significant investments.

Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets

As at June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any plans for material investments and capital assets.

Material Acquisitions and Disposals

During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or
disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.

Employees and Emoluments Policy

As at June 30, 2026, the Group had a total of 9,643 full-time employees, whose remuneration was
determined based on their performance and experience as well as the prevailing market salary levels.

The staff costs, including remuneration of the executive Directors, social welfare and other benefits,
were approximately RMB1,816 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. We also provided regular
training to employees designed to strengthen staff commitment to us and improve staff knowledge in a
number of important areas of our services, such as knowledge about the Company and our products as
well as sales, laws and regulations applicable to our operation, requirements under applicable GMP or
other certifications, quality control, production safety and corporate culture.




                                                                                   2026 INTERIM REPORT   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued)

     Employees and Emoluments Policy (Continued)

     Post-IPO RSU Scheme

     The Company has conditionally approved and adopted the RSU Scheme on May 27, 2019 to recognize
     contributions by selected participants and give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual
     operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of
     the Group. Participants may include employees of the Group (including director, chief executive officer,
     vice president, financial controller, company secretary, members of senior management or key technical
     personnel) as well as any other person selected by the Board at its sole discretion from time to time
     (subject to compliance with the applicable Listing Rules). On April 28, 2026, the Board resolved to
     terminate the RSU Scheme. The termination of the RSU Scheme took effect on June 26, 2026, being
     the date of adoption of the 2026 Share Scheme (as defined below). According to the terms of the RSU
     Scheme, the RSU Scheme may be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the scheme period by the
     Board. No further awards shall be granted after the RSU Scheme is terminated but in all other respects
     the provisions of the RSU Scheme shall remain in full force and effect. All awards granted under the RSU
     Scheme prior to such termination that have not yet vested as at the date of the termination shall remain
     valid.

     On April 17, 2026, pursuant to the terms of the RSU Scheme, the Company allotted and issued 9,000,000
     new ordinary shares (aggregate nominal value: HK$90) to the RSU Trustee, holding such shares for the
     benefit of the participants of the RSU Scheme, with the issue price per share of HK$3.5788 as measured
     by the Company, which was arrived at after taking into consideration the number of shares currently held
     by the RSU Trustee and the purchase prices of the RSUs at the time of measurement, and the closing
     price per share of the Company on the business day immediately preceding the issuance was HK$40.16.
     During the Reporting Period, the RSU Trustee was instructed by the Company to purchase an aggregate
     of 370,000 shares from the open market. As at June 30, 2026, a balance of 1,421,000 shares of the
     Company was held by the RSU Trustee for settlement of the RSUs under the RSU Scheme. For details of
     the RSU Scheme, please refer to the section headed “Statutory and General Information – D. Post-IPO
     RSU Scheme” in Appendix IV to the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019.

     During the Reporting Period, RSUs representing an aggregate of 4,992,330 shares of the Company
     were granted by the Company pursuant to the RSU Scheme. Among the grants during the Reporting
     Period (details of the grants are set out in the announcement of the Company dated April 28, 2026),
     all RSUs granted to Dr. Lyu Aifeng (representing 109,010 shares of the Company granted), being an
     executive Director of the Company, only involve existing shares of the Company held or to be held by
     the RSU Trustee, and no new shares were or will be allotted or issued by the Company for the vesting
     of such RSUs. According to the director’s service contract with the Company, the RSUs granted to him
     form part of his remuneration package and are therefore exempted from the reporting, announcement
     and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rules 14A.73(6) and 14A.95 of the Listing
     Rules.




30   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis


FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued)

Employees and Emoluments Policy (Continued)

2026 Share Scheme

On June 26, 2026, the 2026 Share Scheme was adopted by the shareholders of the Company at the
annual general meeting of the Company. The 2026 Share Scheme enables the Company to grant
awards in the form of RSUs and options, and its purpose is (a) to recognize the contributions by the
eligible participants and give incentives to them in order to retain them for the continual operation
and development of the Group; and (b) to attract suitable and skilled personnel to strive for the future
development of the Group, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Company
and aligning the interests of the selected participants directly to the shareholders of the Company through
ownership of shares of the Company. The 2026 Share Scheme constitutes a share scheme governed by
Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. For details of the 2026 Share Scheme, please refer to the circular of the
Company dated June 4, 2026. As of June 30, 2026, no awards had been granted or agreed to be granted
by the Company pursuant to the 2026 Share Scheme.

Prospects

In the second half of 2026, driven by the dual engines of innovation and internationalization, the Group
will continue to increase investment in R&D, strengthen its innovation pipelines in both oncology and
non-oncology areas, focus on the deployment of new targets and new technology platforms, and expand
into new indications to build a globally competitive pipeline matrix.

The Group will accelerate the progress of clinical development and registration and expect to present
multiple sets of pivotal clinical study data at international academic conferences and in authoritative
journals, and submit NDAs in due course, ensuring thorough preparation for new product launches.

In terms of commercialization, the Group will deepen the hospital coverage and market expansion
strategies for its marketed innovative medicines, continuously enhance product accessibility, and drive
the steady growth of sales, ensuring long-term competitive advantages in a dynamic and evolving market.

In an increasingly active global licensing and collaboration landscape, the Group maintains an open and
cooperative stance and actively evaluates opportunities for external strategic collaboration, with a view
to unlocking the overseas commercial value of its pipelines and enabling its differentiated innovative
products to benefit patients worldwide as soon as possible.

The Group will remain steadfastly guided by unmet clinical needs, steadily advancing the integration of
the full value chain from R&D to commercialization, and continuing to create long-term, sustainable value
for patients, shareholders and the society.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT      31
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As at June 30, 2026, the interests and/or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the
     Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) required to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and/or short
     positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) recorded
     in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or (iii) otherwise
     notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 of
     the Listing Rules were as follows:

     1.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                         Number of           Approximate
                                                                                          shares or        percentage of
                                                                                         underlying         shareholding
          Name of Director             Capacity/Nature of interest                          shares             interest (1)

          Ms. Zhong Huijuan (2)        Person with influence over a trust          3,900,000,000                 64.31%
          Ms. Sun Yuan (2)(3)          Beneficiary of a trust                      3,900,000,000                 64.31%
                                       Beneficial owner                                2,643,583                  0.04%
          Dr. Lyu Aifeng (4)           Beneficial owner                                2,108,627                  0.03%

          Notes:

          (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 6,064,150,070 issued shares of the Company as at June
                30, 2026.

          (2)   These ordinary shares of the Company are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity, which is a wholly-owned
                subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly-owned by Harmonia Holding as the trustee for
                the Sunrise Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun Yuan (“Ms. Sun”). Ms. Zhong Huijuan (“Ms.
                Zhong”) is the person who has consent right on key matters in respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust
                deed in relation to the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly, Ms. Zhong and Ms. Sun are deemed or taken to be
                interested in all the shares of the Company which are beneficially owned by Stellar Infinity for the purpose
                of Part XV of the SFO.

          (3)   In addition to the ordinary shares held by Stellar Infinity, Ms. Sun also holds 2,214,583 ordinary shares
                of the Company vested according to the RSU Scheme and is entitled to 429,000 RSUs subject to vesting
                conditions.

          (4)   Dr. Lyu Aifeng (“Dr. Lyu”) holds 1,763,447 ordinary shares of the Company vested according to the RSU
                Scheme and is entitled to 345,180 RSUs subject to vesting conditions.




32   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES ’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Continued)

2.   Interest in shares or underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                         shares or      Percentage of
                                                                                        underlying       shareholding
                                                                                         shares in         interest in
                               Name of associated        Capacity/                  the associated     the associated
     Name of Director          corporation               Nature of interest            corporation        corporation

     Ms. Zhong Huijuan         Sunrise Investment (1)    Person with influence                100              100%
                                                           over a trust
     Ms. Sun Yuan              Sunrise Investment (1)    Beneficiary of a trust               100              100%

     Note:

     (1)     Sunrise Investment is wholly-owned by Harmonia Holding, which is the trustee for the Sunrise Trust, a
             discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun. Ms. Zhong is the person who has consent right on key matters in
             respect of the Sunrise Trust under the trust deed in relation to the Sunrise Trust. Accordingly, Ms. Zhong
             and Ms. Sun are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares of Sunrise Investment which are
             beneficially owned by Harmonia Holding for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, so far as is known to the Directors, none of the
     Directors and the chief executives of the Company had or were deemed to have any interest or
     short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified under
     Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the
     Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                               2026 INTERIM REPORT        33
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at June 30, 2026, the interests and/or short positions of persons (other than the Directors and chief
     executives of the Company) in the shares or underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO were as
     follows:

                                                                                         Number of           Approximate
                                                                                          shares or        percentage of
                                                                                         underlying         shareholding
     Name of shareholder                Capacity/Nature of interest                         shares             interest (1)



     Stellar Infinity (2)               Beneficial owner                            3,900,000,000                64.31%
     Sunrise Investment (2)             Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                64.31%
     Harmonia Holding (2)               Interest in controlled corporation          3,900,000,000                64.31%
     JQC International Limited (3)      Interest in controlled corporation            920,000,000                15.17%
     JQC Holding Limited (3)            Interest in controlled corporation            920,000,000                15.17%
     Cantrust (Far East) Limited (3)    Trustee                                       920,000,000                15.17%
     Apex Medical (3)                   Beneficial owner                              920,000,000                15.17%
     Mr. Cen Junda (3)                  Founder of a discretionary trust              920,000,000                15.17%
                                          who can influence how the
                                          trustee exercises his discretion

     Notes:

     (1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 6,064,150,070 issued shares of the Company as at June 30,
           2026.

     (2)   Stellar Infinity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunrise Investment, which in turn is wholly-owned by Harmonia
           Holding, the trustee of the Sunrise Trust. Therefore, each of Sunrise Investment and Harmonia Holding is
           deemed to be interested in the shares of the Company held by Stellar Infinity for the purpose of the SFO.

     (3)   On September 1, 2023, Mr. Cen Junda transferred all of his interests in Apex Medical, an entity which, as of
           June 30, 2026, was the beneficial owner of 920,000,000 shares of the Company, to JQC International Limited,
           which is indirectly wholly-owned by Cantrust (Far East) Limited (as the trustee of a discretionary trust of which
           Mr. Cen Junda is the founder). Accordingly, Mr. Cen Junda has become a person with influence over a trust
           and is deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares of JQC International Limited which are ultimately
           beneficially owned by Cantrust (Far East) Limited for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.

     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, so far as is known to the Directors, no person (not being a
     Director or chief executive of the Company) had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in
     the shares or underlying shares of the Company which was required to be notified to the Company under
     Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




34   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


SHARE SCHEMES

Restricted Share Unit Scheme

We have conditionally approved and adopted a RSU Scheme on May 27, 2019 to recognize contributions
by selected participants and give incentives to them in order to retain them for the continual operation
and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.
The eligible participants of the RSU Scheme include (i) employees (including director, chief executive
officer, vice president, financial controller, company secretary, members of senior management or key
technical personnel) of the Group; and (ii) any other person selected by the Board at its sole discretion
from time to time (subject to the compliance of the applicable Listing Rules). The RSU Scheme was
adopted for a period of 10 years commencing on June 14, 2019. According to the terms of the RSU
Scheme, the RSU Scheme may be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the scheme period by the
Board. No further awards shall be granted after the RSU Scheme is terminated but in all other respects
the provisions of the RSU Scheme shall remain in full force and effect. All awards granted under the RSU
Scheme prior to such termination that have not yet vested as at the date of the termination shall remain
valid. On April 28, 2026, the Board resolved to terminate the RSU Scheme. The termination of the RSU
Scheme took effect on June 26, 2026, being the date of adoption of the 2026 Share Scheme. For further
details of the RSU Scheme, please refer to Appendix IV “Statutory and General Information – D. Post-IPO
RSU Scheme” of the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019.

Total number of shares available

No award shall be granted pursuant to the RSU Scheme if, as a result of such grant (assumed accepted),
the aggregate number of shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the RSU Scheme (excluding
awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with the rules of the RSU Scheme) will exceed
114,118,384 Shares, representing 2% of the number of shares in issue on June 14, 2019.

The number of RSUs available for grant under the scheme mandate of the RSU Scheme at the beginning
of the Reporting Period was 39,429,884 Shares. As the RSU Scheme was terminated with effect from
June 26, 2026, no further RSUs may be offered or were available for grant under the RSU Scheme
thereafter, and therefore the number of RSUs available for grant under the RSU Scheme at the end of the
Reporting Period was nil.

Vesting period

The vesting period of the RSUs granted is either (i) three years or (ii) thirty months and would follow one
of the following vesting schedules: (i) 40% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the
remaining 30% and 30% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; (ii)
30% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 30% and 40% shall vest on
the second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; (iii) approximately 34% shall vest on the
first anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement date (as the case may be) and the remaining
approximately 33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the grant
date/vesting commencement date (as the case may be), respectively; (iv) approximately 19% shall vest
six months after the grant date and the remaining approximately 33%, 33% and 15% shall vest on the
first, second and third anniversary of the grant date, respectively; or (v) approximately 34% shall vest
six months after the grant date, approximately 33% shall vest eighteen months after the grant date and
approximately 33% shall vest thirty months after the grant date, respectively.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT      35
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Exercise period

     The concept of exercise period is inapplicable to the RSU Scheme. The selected participants are required
     to pay the purchase price for the RSUs that will vest in the period at the time of vesting.

     Performance targets

     Subject to certain performance indicators and other requirements set out in the grant letter entered into
     between the selected participants and the Company, including based on the Company’s annual results
     and the selected participant’s individual annual performance.

     Rights attached to the RSUs and the converted Shares

     A selected grantee under the RSU Scheme (“Grantees”) does not have any contingent interest in any
     Shares underlying a grant. Furthermore, a Grantee may not exercise any voting right in respect of any of
     the Shares underlying the grant, unless otherwise specified by the Board, nor do they have any rights to
     any cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and non-
     scrip distributions from any Shares underlying the grant prior to vesting.

     Any Shares transferred to a Grantee upon vesting shall be subject to the provisions of the Articles and will
     rank pari passu with the fully paid Shares in issue on the date of the transfer. The holders of the Shares
     will be entitled to participate in all dividends or other distributions paid or made on or after the date of
     transfer.

     Amount payable

     No amount is payable upon acceptance of the awards, and the purchase consideration is payable upon
     vesting during the vesting period.




36   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

Present status of the RSU Scheme

As at June 30, 2026, pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Company had granted to Directors, executives
and employees of the Group outstanding RSUs representing 13,262,350 Shares, accounting for
approximately 0.219% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at June 30, 2026. As the
RSU Scheme was terminated with effect from June 26, 2026, no further RSUs may be offered or were
available for grant under the RSU Scheme thereafter.

Details of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme for the six months ended June 30, 2026 are as
follows:

                                                                  Outstanding                                                               Outstanding
                                        Vesting      Purchase    as at January                  During the Reporting Period                  as at June
Category            Grant date          Period       Price            1, 2026        Granted         Vested       Cancelled        Lapsed     30, 2026

1. Directors
   Ms. Sun Yuan     April 27, 2023      3 years(1)   HK$2.84         429,000               0     429,000(3)              0             0            0
                    June 27, 2024       3 years(1)   HK$3.379        858,000               0     429,000(3),(6)          0             0      429,000
   Dr. Lyu Aifeng   April 27, 2023      3 years(1)   HK$2.84         198,000               0     178,200(4)         19,800             0            0
                    June 27, 2024       3 years(1)   HK$3.379        192,620               0      86,679(4)          9,631             0       96,310
                    April 28, 2025      3 years(1)   HK$4.573        211,910               0      64,845(4)          7,205             0      139,860
                    April 28, 2026(7)   3 years(1)   HK$7.8592             0      109,010(2)             0               0             0      109,010

2. Employees        April 27, 2023      3 years(1)   HK$2.84       3,984,700               0    3,654,068(5)       188,432        142,200            0
                    June 27, 2024       3 years(1)   HK$3.379      5,584,410               0    2,624,150(5)        67,820        200,530    2,691,910
                    April 28, 2025      3 years(1)   HK$4.573      7,925,770               0    2,535,705(5)        74,795        327,910    4,987,360
                    April 28, 2026      3 years(1)   HK$7.8592             0     4,883,320(2)            0               0         74,420    4,808,900
Total:                                                            19,384,410      4,992,330     10,001,647         367,683        745,060   13,262,350




                                                                                                                              2026 INTERIM REPORT         37
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Present status of the RSU Scheme (Continued)

     Notes:

     (1)   Vesting schedule: approximately 34% shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement
           date (as the case may be) and the remaining approximately 33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the
           second and third anniversary of the grant date/vesting commencement date (as the case may be), respectively.

     (2)   The fair value of the RSUs granted was determined based on the binomial model on the date of grant. Such fair
           value on April 28, 2026 was HK$29.4408 per unit. The determination of fair value of the RSUs is in accordance
           with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting . The variables and assumptions used
           in computing the fair value of the RSUs are based on the directors’ best estimate. Changes in estimates and
           assumptions may result in changes in fair value of the RSUs. At the end of each reporting period, the Group
           revises its estimates of the number of RSUs that are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the
           estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment
           reserve. Details of the fair value of the RSUs granted and the related accounting standard and policy adopted
           are set out in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. Closing price immediately prior to the grant date
           is HK$38.60 per Share. The performance target in relation to the grants are those as set forth in “Performance
           targets” above.

     (3)   Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting dates is HK$32.98 per Share.

     (4)   Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting dates is HK$35.03 per Share.

     (5)   Weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting dates is HK$34.73 per Share.

     (6)   The 429,000 RSUs vested on June 27, 2026 were settled by cash payment by the Company based on the
           closing price of the Company’s Share at HK$28.66 per Share on June 26, 2026 (the last trading day before the
           vesting date).

     (7)   All RSUs granted to Dr. Lyu Aifeng (representing 109,010 Shares), being an executive director of the Company,
           mentioned in the announcement dated April 28, 2026 only involve existing shares of the Company held or to be
           held by the RSU Trustee, and no new shares were or will be allotted or issued by the Company for the vesting
           of the RSUs. According to the director’s services contract with the Company, the RSUs granted to him form part
           of his remuneration package and are therefore exempted from the reporting, announcement and independent
           shareholders’ approval requirements under Rules 14A.73(6) and 14A.95 of the Listing Rules.

     No grant has been made to (i) any related entity participant or service provider with options and awards
     granted in excess of 0.1% of the Company’s issued shares over the 12-month period, and (ii) any other
     participant with options and awards granted in excess of the 1% individual limit, as such terms are used
     in the Listing Rules.




38   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

2026 Share Scheme

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the 2026 Share Scheme adopted by the Shareholders
at the annual general meeting of the Company on June 26, 2026. For details of the 2026 Share Scheme,
please refer to the circular of the Company dated June 4, 2026.

1.   Purpose

     The 2026 Share Scheme enables the Company to grant awards in the form of RSUs and options,
     and its purpose is (a) to recognize the contributions by the eligible participants and give incentives
     to them in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group; and (b) to
     attract suitable and skilled personnel to strive for the future development of the Group, with a view
     to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Company and aligning the interests of the
     selected participants directly to the Shareholders through ownership of Shares.

2.   Participants

     Persons eligible to receive awards under the 2026 Share Scheme include the following:

     (i)     employee participants: any Director or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
             (including any person who is granted awards under the 2026 Share Scheme as an inducement
             to enter into employment contracts with the Company or any of its subsidiaries);

     (ii)    service providers: consultants and externally engaged personnel, who provide services to the
             Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which
             are in the interests of the long-term growth of the Group, provided that (i) placing agent or
             financial adviser providing services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions or (ii) professional
             service provider such as auditor or valuer who provides assurance, or is required to perform
             services with impartiality and objectivity shall not be service providers; and

     (iii)   related entity participants: directors and employees of the holding companies, fellow
             subsidiaries or associated companies of the Company.




                                                                                         2026 INTERIM REPORT      39
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2026 Share Scheme (Continued)

     3.   Total number of shares available

          The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards to be granted
          under the 2026 Share Scheme and any other share schemes must not exceed 121,283,001 Shares,
          representing 2% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares, if any) on June
          26, 2026, the adoption date of the 2026 Share Scheme (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”).

          The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards to be granted
          to all service providers under the 2026 Share Scheme and any other share schemes must not
          in aggregate exceed 60,641,500 Shares, representing 1% of the total number of Shares in issue
          (excluding treasury shares, if any) on June 26, 2026, the adoption date of the 2026 Share Scheme
          (the “Service Provider Sublimit”).

          For the purposes of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit,
          options and awards that have already lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Share
          Scheme and any other share schemes shall not be regarded as utilized. Where the awards are
          funded by existing Shares, such awards shall not be regarded as utilized for the purposes of
          calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit.

          As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2026 Share
          Scheme was 121,283,001 Shares which represented approximately 2% of the total number of
          Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of this report.

          Since the adoption of the 2026 Share Scheme on June 26, 2026 and up to the date of this report,
          no awards had been granted, agreed to be granted, exercised/vested (as the case may be),
          cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the 2026 Share Scheme and therefore the total number of Shares
          available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit and Service Provider Sublimit of the 2026
          Share Scheme were 121,283,001 Shares and 60,641,500 Shares respectively at the end of the
          Reporting Period and up to the date of this report. The 2026 Share Scheme had not been adopted
          at the beginning of the Reporting Period.




40   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

2026 Share Scheme (Continued)

4.   Maximum entitlement of each participant

     Subject to the following, no award shall be granted to any eligible participant if, at the time of the
     grant, the number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted
     (excluding any options and awards already lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Share
     Scheme) to such person under the 2026 Share Scheme and any other share schemes in the
     12-month period up to and including the grant date of the relevant award would exceed 1% of the
     total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares, if any) as at the grant date (the “Individual
     Limit”), unless such grant has been approved by Shareholders in general meeting with a circular
     complying with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, and the number and terms of such award are fixed
     prior to such meeting.

     Where an award is to be granted to any Director, the chief executive or any substantial Shareholder
     (or any of their respective associates), the grant shall not be valid unless it has been approved by
     the independent non-executive Directors (excluding any independent non-executive Director who is
     the proposed grantee).

     Where an award is to be granted to an independent non-executive Director or a substantial
     Shareholder (or any of their respective associates), and the grant will result in the number of Shares
     issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted (excluding any options and
     awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Share Scheme) to such person under the
     2026 Share Scheme and any other share schemes in the 12-month period up to and including the
     grant date of the relevant award exceeding 0.1% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding
     treasury shares, if any) as at the grant date, such grant shall not be valid unless approved by
     Shareholders in general meeting with a circular complying with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, and
     the number and terms of such award are fixed prior to such meeting.

     Where an award (excluding grant of options, if any) is to be granted to a Director (other than an
     independent non-executive Director) or the chief executive of the Company or any of their respective
     associates, and the grant will result in the number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect
     of all awards granted (excluding any awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2026
     Share Scheme) to such person under the 2026 Share Scheme and any other share schemes in the
     12-month period up to and including the grant date of the relevant award exceeding 0.1% of the
     total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares, if any) as at the grant date, such grant
     shall not be valid unless approved by Shareholders in general meeting with a circular complying
     with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, and the number and terms of such award are fixed prior to
     such meeting.

5.   Vesting period

     The vesting period shall not be less than 12 months, unless the Board or the person(s) delegated
     and authorized by the Board for the purpose of administering the 2026 Share Scheme (the
     “Administrator”) determines, in its sole discretion, that the awards granted to an employee
     participant may be subject to a vesting period of less than 12 months in certain circumstances in
     accordance with the terms of the 2026 Share Scheme.




                                                                                        2026 INTERIM REPORT      41
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2026 Share Scheme (Continued)

     6.   Exercise period

          The exercise period is applicable only to option awards granted under the 2026 Share Scheme and
          is not applicable to RSUs. In respect of option awards, the exercise period means the period during
          which the grantee may exercise the option award as may be determined by the Administrator and
          specified in the grant letter, provided that such period shall not go beyond the day immediately prior
          to the tenth anniversary of the grant date in respect of such option award.

     7.   Performance targets

          The Administrator may, in its absolute discretion, as it thinks fit, set performance targets for the
          grantees on a case-by-case basis to ensure the awards vested would be beneficial to the Group,
          with general factors to be taken into account including but not limited to (i) at the Company level,
          the period-to-period growth and development of the Group, the key performance indicators of which
          will tentatively tie to the phased profit and research and development costs after taking into account
          the period-to-period macroeconomic condition and the market and industry condition, as well as
          the overall strategic planning of the Group (i.e., the business focus of the Group for the upcoming
          financial year); and (ii) at the individual level, his/her personal position, the results of individual
          performance assessments carried out by the Company’s human resources committee in accordance
          with each department’s function and target and other factors relevant to the grantee.

          The Administrator will conduct assessment at the end of a performance period by comparing the
          Group’s overall performance and the individual performance of the grantees with the pre-agreed
          performance targets to determine whether the targets have been met and the extent to which they
          have been met.

     8.   Present status of the 2026 Share Scheme

          No awards have been granted under the 2026 Share Scheme since its adoption and up to June 30,
          2026.

     9.   Amount payable

          In respect of awards granted in the form of RSUs, the purchase price (if any) is payable upon
          vesting, and the grantee is required to return the relevant documents (including evidence of
          payment of the full amount of the purchase price, if any) within ten (10) working days (or such
          other date as stated in the notice), failing which the relevant RSUs will lapse.

          In respect of awards granted in the form of option awards, the grantee shall pay the exercise price
          upon exercise of the relevant option.

          The grantee may be required to pay HK$1.00 (or such other nominal sum in any currency as the
          Administrator may determine) as consideration for the acceptance of the grant within such period
          as the Administrator may determine.

          If applicable, the grant letter shall state the purchase price for RSUs, the exercise price for options,
          the consideration for acceptance of the grant (if any), the relevant payment period and mechanism.



42   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

2026 Share Scheme (Continued)

10. Basis for determining purchase price and exercise price

     In respect of awards to be granted in the form of RSUs, the purchase price (if any) shall be
     determined at the sole and absolute discretion of the Administrator after taking into consideration
     (i) the purpose of the award, (ii) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s
     daily quotations sheet on the grant date, (iii) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in
     the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet for the ten (10) business days immediately preceding
     the grant date and/or (iv) any other matter which the Administrator considers relevant. Such
     consideration (if any) shall be paid to the Company at the sole and absolute discretion of the
     Administrator. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrator may determine the purchase price to
     be nil.

     In respect of awards to be granted in the form of option awards, the exercise price shall be
     determined at the sole and absolute discretion of the Administrator, provided that it shall be at least
     the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
     sheet on the grant date, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares
     as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five (5) business days immediately
     preceding the grant date; and (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.

11. Remaining life of the 2026 Share Scheme

     Without prejudicing the subsisting rights of any selected participant and subject to any early
     termination as may be determined by the Administrator pursuant to the 2026 Share Scheme, the
     2026 Share Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years commencing on
     June 26, 2026, the adoption date of the 2026 Share Scheme, after which no further awards will be
     granted, but the provisions of the 2026 Share Scheme shall in all other respects remain in full force
     and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to any awards granted prior to such expiry and the
     administration of the trust fund held by the trustee pursuant to the trust deed. The remaining life of
     the 2026 Share Scheme is approximately 10 years.

The number of shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under all schemes
(including both the RSU Scheme and the 2026 Share Scheme) during the Reporting Period divided by
the weighted average number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) for the period is 0.082%.




                                                                                      2026 INTERIM REPORT      43
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     CHANGE IN DIRECTORS ’ INFORMATION

     There is not any change in the Directors’ biographical details which is required to be disclosed pursuant
     to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules during the six months ended June 30, 2026.

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     Events after the Reporting Period are set out below:

     In July 2026, HS-20136-2 injection, a Class 1 innovative medicine self-developed by the Group, obtained
     two Clinical Trial Approvals issued by the NMPA, which are intended to be investigated in clinical trials
     for T2DM and weight management, respectively.

     In July 2026, Avere and NextCure entered into a merger agreement, pursuant to which Avere will be
     merged into NextCure.

     In July 2026, HS-20093 met the primary endpoint of OS in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial (ARTEMIS-008)
     for patients with advanced or relapsed SCLC after prior platinum-based therapy.

     In July 2026, HS-20093 met the primary endpoint of PFS assessed by the IRC in the pivotal Phase
     III clinical trial (ARTEMIS-011) for patients with osteosarcoma who had progressed or relapsed after
     receiving at least two prior lines of systemic therapy.

     In August 2026, HS-10582 tablets, a Class 1 innovative medicine self-developed by the Group, obtained
     a Clinical Trial Approval issued by the NMPA, which is intended to be investigated in clinical trials for the
     treatment of adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia.

     In August 2026, based on the positive results from the pivotal Phase III ARTEMIS-008 trial on risvutatug
     rezetecan for injection (HS-20093), the product’s indication for SCLC after the failure of prior platinum-
     based chemotherapy was included in the Priority Review and Approval Procedure of the NMPA. In
     September 2026, the biologics license application of the Group’s innovative medicine HS-20093 for
     injection was accepted by the NMPA, for the treatment of adult patients with SCLC after the failure of
     prior platinum-based chemotherapy.

     Save as disclosed above, there is no material event affecting the Company during the period from June
     30, 2026 to the date of this report.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set
     out in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules and the Company has adopted the CG
     Code as its own code of corporate governance.

     The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions in effect as
     set out in Part 2 of the CG Code during the six months ended June 30, 2026, save for code provision C.2.1
     of the CG Code.




44   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE (Continued)

Code Provision C.2.1

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code states that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should
be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has appointed Ms. Zhong
as both the chairlady and the chief executive officer of the Company. Due to the nature and the extent of
the Group’s operations and Ms. Zhong’s in-depth knowledge and experience in the PRC pharmaceutical
industry, the Board considers that the balance of power and authority under the present arrangement is
not impaired and this structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and
effectively. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of chairlady of the Board
and the chief executive officer of the Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the
circumstances of the Group as a whole.

The Board will periodically review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure that the
Company continues to meet the requirements of the CG Code.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted its own Company Code on terms no less exacting than the required standard
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in Appendix
C3 to the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made to all Directors by the Company and all Directors
confirmed that they have complied with the Company Code during the six months ended June 30, 2026.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Board has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule
3.21 of the Listing Rules and paragraph D.3 of Part 2 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee consists of
four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan Charles Sheung Wai (chairman of the Audit
Committee), Mr. Lin Guoqiang, Ms. Yang Dongtao and Mr. Yan Jia.

The Audit Committee and the external auditor, Ernst & Young, have reviewed the unaudited interim
results of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The Audit Committee has also reviewed
together with the management the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the
interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The Audit
Committee was satisfied that such consolidated financial information was prepared in accordance with
the applicable accounting standards and fairly present the Group’s financial position and results for the
Reporting Period.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’ S LISTED SECURITIES

During the six months ended June 30, 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) (as
defined under the Listing Rules). As at June 30, 2026, no treasury shares (as defined under the Listing
Rules) were held by the Company.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT     45
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     INTERIM DIVIDEND AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     The Board has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK$28.50 cents per share for the six
     months ended June 30, 2026 (the interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2025: HK$23.16
     cents per share). The interim dividend for 2026 will be paid to shareholders on Thursday, October 29,
     2026, whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Friday, September 25, 2026.
     For the purpose of determining shareholders who are qualified for the interim dividend, the register of
     members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, September 24, 2026 to Friday, September 25,
     2026, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. The record date for
     determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the interim dividend will be Friday, September
     25, 2026. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant
     share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong
     Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
     by 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, September 23, 2026.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2026

     Use of Proceeds from the Placing

     On August 20, 2025, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Citigroup Global Markets
     Asia Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (in alphabetical order),
     pursuant to which Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (together, the
     “Placing Agents”) agreed to place 108,000,000 ordinary shares (with an aggregate nominal value of
     HK$1,080) in the Company, or, failing which, to purchase themselves on a fully underwritten basis, to
     not fewer than six placees who are professional, institutional or other investors selected and procured by
     the Placing Agents and whose ultimate beneficial owners are independent third parties (the “Placing”).
     The Placing price was HK$36.30 per share. The closing price per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange
     on August 19, 2025, being the date on which the Placing price was fixed, was HK$38.82. The Directors
     consider that the Placing represents an opportunity to raise capital for the business development of the
     Group and to broaden the Shareholder base of the Company. For further details of the Placing, please
     refer to the announcement of the Company dated August 20, 2025.

     The net proceeds from the Placing (after deducting the Placing commission, levies and trading fee) were
     approximately HK$3,896.54 million, which have been and will be utilized as follows:

     (i)     approximately 65% for (a) the R&D of new innovative medicines in therapeutic areas including
             oncology, autoimmune, CNS and metabolic diseases, and (b) the in-licensing for innovative
             medicines and innovative technology platforms. Proceeds are mainly used for the later-stage clinical
             R&D activities of the Group’s existing programs.

     (ii)    approximately 25% for (a) the construction of new innovative medicine production facilities and
             R&D laboratories, and (b) the upgrade of the Group’s existing R&D laboratories and production
             facilities. Part of the proceeds has been applied to Phase I construction of the Company’s Shanghai
             global R&D headquarters project.

     (iii)   approximately 10% for working capital and other general corporate purposes.




46   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2026 (Continued)

Use of Proceeds from the Placing (Continued)

On this basis, the net price per Placing share was approximately HK$36.08. As at June 30, 2026, net
proceeds of approximately HK$1,291.60 million were utilized and approximately HK$2,604.94 million
remained unutilized. The net proceeds were used, and the remaining proceeds will be used, according to
the intended purposes and timeline previously disclosed by the Company. As at June 30, 2026, the net
proceeds utilized by the Group were as follows:

                                                                                        Utilized from
                                                                                        the issuance         Unutilized
                                                                                Net            date to            as at
                                                          Percentage      proceeds    June 30, 2026      June 30, 2026
                                                          of the total   (HK$100            (HK$100           (HK$100
Purpose                                                       amount       million)           million)         million)   Expected time frame

(i)     (a) the R&D of new innovative medicines
        in therapeutic areas including oncology,
        autoimmune, CNS and metabolic diseases, and
        (b) the in-licensing for innovative medicines                                                                     The balance is expected to
        and innovative technology platforms                      65%     25.32751           9.21727          16.11024       be fully utilized by 2031

(ii)    (a) the construction of new innovative medicine
        production facilities and R&D laboratories, and
        (b) the upgrade of the Group’s existing R&D                                                                       The balance is expected to
        laboratories and production facilities                   25%      9.74135           0.73630           9.00505       be fully utilized by 2031

(iii) working capital and other general corporate                                                                         The balance is expected to
      purposes                                                   10%      3.89654           2.96243           0.93411       be fully utilized by 2031

Total                                                          100%      38.96540          12.91600          26.04940

To the best knowledge of the Directors, there has neither been any material change nor delay in the use
of proceeds during the six months ended June 30, 2026.




                                                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT                47
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2026 (Continued)

     Use of Proceeds from the Issuance of Convertible Bonds

     On February 3, 2026, the Company successfully completed the issuance of HK$4,680 million
     zero-coupon convertible bonds due in 2033 to professional investors only (the “Bonds”). On February
     4, 2026, the Bonds were admitted to trading and listing on the Vienna MTF operated by the Vienna
     Stock Exchange, effective February 6, 2026. The Bonds have been offered and sold to no less than six
     independent placees (who are professional investors). Assuming full conversion of the Bonds at the initial
     conversion price of HK$57.39 per Share, the Bonds will be convertible into 81,547,308 Shares (with
     aggregate nominal value of approximately HK$815). The closing price per share as quoted on the Stock
     Exchange on January 26, 2026, being the date on which the initial conversion price was determined,
     was HK$40.24. The Directors consider that the issue of Bonds represents an opportunity to raise capital
     for the Company while broadening the shareholder base and capital base of the Company and to obtain
     immediate funding for further business expansion.

     The net proceeds from the Bonds were approximately HK$4,640 million, representing a net issue price
     of approximately HK$56.90 per conversion share based on the initial conversion price, which have been
     and will be utilized in the following manner as disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated
     January 27, 2026 and February 3, 2026:

     (a) approximately 65% on drug R&D and in-licensing:
          The intended use of such net proceeds includes (i) funding of the R&D of the Group’s innovative
          medicine pipeline across oncology, CNS, metabolic and autoimmune diseases, covering preclinical
          to late-stage clinical programs; and (ii) supporting selective in-licensing projects for innovative
          medicines and R&D platforms to enrich the Group’s product portfolio and facilitate near-term
          commercialization in the PRC.

          The Group’s progress in advancing multiple innovative programs into mid-to-late stage clinical
          development demonstrates its continued commitment and increased investment in clinical R&D,
          while also benefiting from a versatile early-stage preclinical pipeline supported by sustained
          investment. Between 2019 and 2025, the Group has, on average, advanced approximately eight
          innovative preclinical or in-licensing candidates into clinical trials per year, demonstrating a
          productive internal R&D and business development engine.

          The Group plans to further increase investment in preclinical R&D in 2026 and beyond, with a
          focus on strengthening pipeline depth and ensuring a sustainable flow of high-quality innovative
          candidates from preclinical research into clinical development, taking into account global
          development potential for selected programs. For selected high-potential newly developed programs,
          the Group has incorporated, and will continue to incorporate, early consideration of global
          development planning, with the aim of strengthening international competitiveness and enhancing
          future partnering potential, subject to program-specific development considerations.

          While the Group continues to advance selected innovative programs with a view to its
          mid-to-long-term development, it also adopts a pragmatic approach in the near term to accelerate
          the enrichment of its pipeline with products that have clear commercialization potential in the PRC.
          In this regard, the Company has entered into over 10 in-licensed collaboration projects to broaden
          its product portfolio in China, and expects to continue pursuing such collaborations as appropriate
          to support near-term commercialization and growth. Pursuant to the existing exclusive licensing
          or collaboration agreements, the Company is required to pay milestone payments to the licensors
          upon the achievement of specified development, regulatory or commercialization milestones. In
          particular, R&D and registration milestone payments are payable prior to the commercialization of
          the in-licensed drugs or technology platforms.

48   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Corporate Governance and Other Information


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2026 (Continued)

Use of Proceeds from the Issuance of Convertible Bonds (Continued)

(b) approximately 25% on the construction of new R&D centers and production lines, and the
    upgrade of existing R&D and production facilities:

    The intended use of such net proceeds includes the construction and expansion of innovative
    medicine R&D centers and laboratories, the construction of new production lines, and the upgrading
    and enhancement of existing R&D laboratories and production facilities.

    The Company intends to apply part of the net proceeds to, among others, the Phase II construction
    of the Company’s global R&D headquarters project in Pudong, Shanghai, which is planned to
    commence in 2028 and is expected to be of a comparable scale to the ongoing Phase I construction
    which commenced in 2024. The new headquarters is designed to accommodate advanced R&D
    infrastructure and will encompass facilities including biological laboratories and pilot-scale units,
    chemical R&D laboratories, R&D offices and supporting utilities. The project is intended to establish
    an integrated global platform for innovative medicine R&D technologies and modalities, including
    ADC, artificial intelligence, proteolysis targeting chimera (PROTAC) and peptide drug, and to
    undertake global R&D management functions, serving as a key hub for the Group’s scientific
    research and technological development.

    The Company plans to continue upgrading and enhancing its existing R&D process development
    and clinical-supply production facilities and related equipment, with a focus on supporting the
    development, scale-up and clinical supply of products based on such new modalities. In this regard,
    the Company intends to utilize part of the proceeds to support the upgrading and improvement of its
    existing R&D centers located in the PRC, including those in Shanghai, Changzhou and Lianyungang,
    subject to further refinement of the scope and implementation plan.

    The Company also intends to construct new commercial production lines to expand its
    manufacturing capacity, with a view to further advancing the integration of informatization and
    industrialization (the “Two Integrations”). In this connection, the Company plans to deploy
    intelligent and digitalized manufacturing and testing equipment to continuously enhance the smart
    manufacturing capabilities of its industrial base.

    In light of the anticipated commercialization of products based on new technology modalities from
    2027 and beyond, particularly in therapeutic areas such as oncology, metabolic diseases and
    immunology, the Company considers it necessary to establish additional production lines and to
    strengthen manufacturing capabilities aligned with such modalities. The Company will also carry
    out forward-looking capacity planning and phased capacity expansion investments to support the
    expected growth in commercial supply following product launches, while maintaining flexibility to
    adjust capacity deployment based on actual market demand and product uptake.

(c) approximately 10% for working capital and other general corporate purposes:

    The intended use of such net proceeds includes supplier payments, employee compensation, drug
    production to replenish the Company’s inventory, and other routine operational expenditures, which
    are subject to our actual needs and market conditions at the relevant time.




                                                                                   2026 INTERIM REPORT      49
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PREVIOUS FUNDRAISING ACTIVITIES AS AT JUNE 30, 2026 (Continued)

     Use of Proceeds from the Issuance of Convertible Bonds (Continued)

     As at June 30, 2026, net proceeds of approximately HK$964 million were utilized and approximately
     HK$3,676 million remained unutilized. The net proceeds were used, and the remaining proceeds will be
     used, according to the intended purposes and timeline previously disclosed by the Company. As at June
     30, 2026, the net proceeds utilized by the Group were as follows:

                                                                                           Utilized from
                                                                                           the issuance         Unutilized
                                                                                   Net            date to            as at
                                                             Percentage      proceeds    June 30, 2026      June 30, 2026
                                                             of the total   (HK$100            (HK$100           (HK$100
     Purpose                                                     amount       million)           million)         million)   Expected time frame

                                                                                                                             The balance is expected to
     (i)     drug R&D and in-licensing                              65%        30.16               9.17             20.99      be fully utilized by 2031

     (ii)    the construction of new R&D centers and
             production lines, and the upgrade of existing                                                                   The balance is expected to
             R&D and production facilities                          25%        11.60               0.47             11.13      be fully utilized by 2031

     (iii) working capital and other general corporate                                                                       The balance is expected to
           purposes                                                 10%          4.64                   -            4.64      be fully utilized by 2031

     Total                                                        100%         46.40               9.64             36.76

     To the best knowledge of the Directors, there has neither been any material change nor delay in the use
     of proceeds during the six months ended June 30, 2026.




50   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Independent Review Report of Interim Financial
Information


                         Ernst & Young             安永會計師事務所                   Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                         27/F, One Taikoo Place
                         979 King’s Road           香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號             Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                         Quarry Bay, Hong Kong     太古坊一座 27 樓                 ey.com

Independent review report
To the board of directors of Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim condensed consolidated financial information set out on pages 52 to 83,
which comprises the condensed consolidated statement of financial position of Hansoh Pharmaceutical
Group Company Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2026 and the
related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss, comprehensive income, changes in equity
and cash flows for the six months period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report
on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong
Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS 34”) as issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for
the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our
responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the
HKICPA. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons
responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards
on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim
condensed consolidated financial information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with
HKAS 34.

Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

26 August 2026




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT     51
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Profit or Loss
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                   Notes        2026           2025
                                                           (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000

     REVENUE                                        4      8,304,007      7,433,559

     Cost of sales                                           (671,083)     (660,786)

     Gross profit                                          7,632,924      6,772,773

     Other income                                   4       1,318,260       578,413
     Selling and distribution expenses                     (1,860,652)   (1,817,936)
     Administrative expenses                                 (326,441)     (342,770)
     Research and development costs                        (1,739,380)   (1,440,841)
     Other expenses                                 4         (15,369)      (61,487)

     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                              5      5,009,342      3,688,152

     Income tax expense                             6        (751,401)     (553,223)

     PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                 4,257,941      3,134,929

     Attributable to owners of the parent                  4,257,941      3,134,929

     EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
       ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
       FOR THE PERIOD

     Basic (RMB)                                    8            0.70          0.53
     Diluted (RMB)                                  8            0.70          0.53




52   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                 2026                 2025
                                                            (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                       4,257,941             3,134,929

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:

Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations     (871,912)             (86,108)

Net other comprehensive loss that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods        (871,912)             (86,108)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR
  THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                      (871,912)             (86,108)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                   3,386,029             3,048,821

Attributable to owners of the parent                        3,386,029             3,048,821




                                                                          2026 INTERIM REPORT   53
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2026



                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                 Notes        2026             2025
                                                                         (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                                 9      2,759,532      2,758,000
     Right-of-use assets                                         10(a)      500,467        421,344
     Intangible assets                                                      481,948        362,647
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        12      1,326,939        772,486
     Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment               78,379         30,532

     Total non-current assets                                             5,147,265      4,345,009

     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                                            686,022        608,922
     Trade and bills receivables                                  11      3,156,378      3,060,517
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                        232,892        319,623
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        12              –         17,612
     Cash and bank balances                                       13     37,382,899     31,548,668

     Total current assets                                                41,458,191     35,555,342

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade payables                                               14        376,701        334,314
     Other payables and accruals                                  15      2,367,922      2,562,579
     Contract liabilities                                                    93,848      1,181,478
     Convertible bonds                                            16      4,084,806         40,501
     Lease liabilities                                           10(b)       14,376         16,968
     Tax payable                                                            498,935        259,094
     Dividends payable                                                    1,053,405              –

     Total current liabilities                                            8,489,993      4,394,934

     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                  32,968,198     31,160,408

     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                               38,115,463     35,505,417




54   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2026



                                                         30 June    31 December
                                              Notes        2026             2025
                                                      (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                             10(b)     134,366           47,624
Deferred tax liabilities                                192,221           72,299
Other non-current liabilities                            20,807           21,043

Total non-current liabilities                           347,394         140,966

NET ASSETS                                            37,768,069     35,364,451

EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                  18             53             53
Treasury shares                                19         (5,188)        (2,885)
Reserves                                              37,773,204     35,367,283

Total equity                                          37,768,069     35,364,451




                                                              2026 INTERIM REPORT   55
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                     Share-based                   Merger      Exchange     Statutory
                                                Share       Share        payment    Treasury reserve/other   fluctuation     surplus     Retained        Total
                                      Note     capital   premium*       reserve*      shares reserves*          reserve*   reserves*      profits*      equity
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

     At 1 January 2026 (audited)                   53 17,879,784        298,281      (2,885)      (59,391)    (212,310)     906,781 16,554,138 35,364,451
     Profit for the period                          –          –              –           –             –            –            – 4,257,941 4,257,941
     Exchange differences on
        translation of foreign
        operations                                  –            –             –          –             –     (871,912)            –            –    (871,912)

     Total comprehensive income for
        the period                                  –            –             –          –             –     (871,912)            –    4,257,941    3,386,029
     Issuance of new shares under
        share award scheme                          –      28,247              –    (28,247)            –             –            –            –            –
     Subscription of shares under
        share award scheme                          –     116,400      (127,146)     38,656             –             –            –            –      27,910
     Share-based payments                           –           –        56,850           –             –             –            –            –      56,850
     Repurchase of shares under
        share award scheme                          –            –             –    (12,712)            –             –           –          –     (12,712)
     Transfer from retained profits                 –            –             –          –             –             –      51,000    (51,000)          –
     Dividends declared                7            –            –             –          –             –             –           – (1,054,459) (1,054,459)

     At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                   53 18,024,431        227,985      (5,188)      (59,391) (1,084,222)      957,781 19,706,620 37,768,069

                                                                     Share-based                   Merger      Exchange     Statutory
                                                Share        Share      payment     Treasury reserve/other   fluctuation     surplus     Retained       Total
                                      Note     capital   premium*       reserve*      shares reserves*          reserve*   reserves*      profits*     equity
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

     At 1 January 2025 (audited)                   52 13,999,985        463,072     (13,215)      (59,391)     371,369      906,781 13,011,261 28,679,914
     Profit for the period                          –          –              –           –             –            –            – 3,134,929 3,134,929
     Exchange differences on
        translation of foreign
        operations                                  –            –             –          –             –      (86,108)            –            –      (86,108)

     Total comprehensive income for
        the period                                  –            –             –          –             –      (86,108)            –    3,134,929    3,048,821
     Issuance of new shares under
        share award scheme                          –      31,608              –    (31,608)            –             –            –            –            –
     Subscription of shares under
        share award scheme                          –     290,686      (301,048)     41,539             –             –            –           –       31,177
     Share-based payments                           –           –        71,574           –             –             –            –           –       71,574
     Dividends declared                7            –           –             –           –             –             –            –    (734,910)    (734,910)

     At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                   52 14,322,279        233,598      (3,284)      (59,391)     285,261      906,781 15,411,280 31,096,576

     *       These reserve accounts comprise the reserves of RMB37,773,204,000 (unaudited) and RMB31,099,808,000
             (unaudited) in the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2026 and 30 June
             2025, respectively.



56   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                Notes        2026           2025
                                                                        (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                       5,009,342       3,688,152

Adjustments for:
Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of trade receivables, net    4          1,472          (2,369)
Impairment of inventories, net                                   4          2,533          16,698
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    5        171,685         176,454
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              5         15,203          14,255
Amortisation of deferred income                                              (236)           (236)
Amortisation of intangible assets                                5          9,883           6,565
Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment       4        (11,095)           (908)
Fair value (gain)/loss of financial assets at fair
  value through profit or loss                                   4         (74,818)        35,564
Gain resulting from derecognition of convertible bonds                      (2,680)             –
Convertible bonds issuance costs                                             6,873              –
Investment income                                                4        (631,083)       (17,167)
Interest income from deposits with initial terms of
  over three months when acquired                                         (579,251)      (470,470)
Finance costs                                                    4          48,612          1,633
Share-based payments                                                        56,850         78,585

                                                                        4,023,290       3,526,756

(Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables                         (97,333)       378,398
Decrease/(increase) in prepayments,
   other receivables and other assets                                       86,731        (16,087)
Increase in inventories                                                    (79,633)       (18,963)
Increase in trade payables                                                  42,387         50,803
Decrease in other payables and accruals                                   (159,071)      (107,880)
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                             (1,087,630)       159,973

Cash generated from operations                                          2,728,741       3,973,000
Income tax paid                                                          (391,638)       (367,520)

Net cash flows from operating activities                                2,337,103       3,605,480




                                                                                2026 INTERIM REPORT   57
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement
     of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                    Notes         2026           2025
                                                                             (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000

     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                     12,395         1,196
     Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                (250,514)     (173,374)
     Purchases of intangible assets                                            (136,906)      (53,061)
     Purchase of equity investments designated
       at fair value through profit or loss                                     (89,140)      (74,634)
     Purchase of convertible bonds                                             (433,707)            –
     Purchases of bank deposits with initial terms of
       over three months when acquired                                      (11,550,706)   (8,527,447)
     Proceeds from disposal of financial products included
       in other financial assets                                                      –       745,919
     Proceeds from disposal of financial products included
       in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  14,688             –
     Proceeds from disposal of bank deposits with initial term of
       over three months                                                     6,514,363      6,179,210
     Interest income received from deposits with initial terms of
       over three months when acquired                                         192,155        371,240
     Investment income                                                         679,716         25,373

     Net cash flows used in investing activities                             (5,047,656)   (1,505,578)

     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Lease payments                                                             (11,859)      (11,129)
     Repayment of convertible bonds                                             (37,215)            –
     Repurchase of shares under the share award scheme                          (12,712)            –
     Proceeds from employees for subscription of
       shares under the share award scheme                                      27,910         31,177
     Issuance of convertible bonds                                           4,137,287              –

     Net cash flows from financing activities                                4,103,411         20,048

     NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                               1,392,858      2,119,950

     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                        3,408,919      2,322,701
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                             (144,632)        (5,231)

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                              4,657,145      4,437,420

     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                            13      2,457,241      4,412,438
     Non-pledged time deposits with initial term of
       less than three months when acquired                          13      2,199,904         24,982

     Cash and cash equivalents as stated
       in the consolidated statement of cash flows                           4,657,145      4,437,420



58   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

     The Company is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
     under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June
     2026 has been prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting . The interim
     condensed consolidated financial information does not include all the information and disclosures
     required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s
     annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.

     The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), and all
     values are rounded to the nearest thousand (“RMB’000”) except when otherwise indicated.

2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

     The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial
     information are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated
     financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025, except for the adoption of the
     following amended HKFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current period’s financial
     information.

     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                 Amendments to the Classification and
                                                         Measurement of Financial Instruments
     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
     Annual Improvements to HKFRS                      Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
       Accounting Standards – Volume 11                  HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7

     The nature and impact of the amended HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

     (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
           of Financial Instruments clarify that a financial asset is derecognised when the entity’s rights to
           the contractual cash flows expire or are transferred, while a financial liability is derecognised
           on the settlement date. The amendments introduce an accounting policy option to derecognise
           a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement
           date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash
           flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance (ESG) and
           other similar contingent features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for
           classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments.
           The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments
           designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with
           contingent features. Since the Group’s accounting policy for the derecognition of financial
           assets and liabilities in prior years aligned with the amendments and the Group did not have
           the financial assets that were addressed by the amendments, the amendments did not have
           any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                                        2026 INTERIM REPORT      59
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

          The nature and impact of the amended HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:
          (Continued)

          (b)   Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
                clarify the application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the
                designation requirements for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope
                contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures that enable users of financial
                statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial performance
                and future cash flows. As the Group did not have any contracts that are in the scope of
                the amendments, the amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed
                consolidated financial information.

          (c)   Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out narrow scope
                amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing
                HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. The amendments include clarifications,
                simplifications, corrections or changes to improve consistency in the corresponding HKFRS
                Accounting Standards. The amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed
                consolidated financial information.

     3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

          Information about geographical areas

          Since approximately 80% of the Group’s revenue was generated from the sale of pharmaceutical
          products in Chinese Mainland and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets were located
          in Chinese Mainland, no geographical segment information in accordance with HKFRS 8 Operating
          Segments is presented.

          Information about major customers

          No revenue from the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s
          revenue during the reporting period.




60   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



4.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER EXPENSES

     An analysis of revenue and other income is as follows:

                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2026               2025
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Pharmaceutical products related sales                          6,843,069            5,985,705
     Others                                                         1,460,938            1,447,854

     Total revenue                                                  8,304,007            7,433,559

     Other income
     Bank interest income                                             630,498              512,393
     Investment income                                                631,083               17,167
     Government grants                                                 56,397               48,558
     Others                                                               282                  295

     Total other income                                             1,318,260              578,413

     An analysis of other expenses is as follows:

                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2026               2025
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Other expenses
     Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and
       equipment                                                       11,095                  908
     Fair value gain/(loss) of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss
       – wealth management products                                       267                  386
       – unlisted investments                                          74,551              (35,950)
     Exchange differences, net                                        (31,171)              (7,496)
     (Impairment)/reversal of impairment of
       trade receivables, net                                          (1,472)               2,369
     Impairment of inventories, net                                    (2,533)             (16,698)
     Interest expenses                                                (48,612)              (1,633)
     Others                                                           (17,494)              (3,373)

     Total other expenses                                             (15,369)             (61,487)




                                                                                 2026 INTERIM REPORT   61
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     5.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

          The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                  Notes                    2026               2025
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          Cost of inventories sold                                                     590,056                467,450
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment             9                  171,685                176,454
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                       10                  15,203                 14,255
          Amortisation of intangible assets                                              9,883                  6,565
          Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of
            trade receivables, net                                   4                    1,472                (2,369)
          Impairment of inventories, net                             4                    2,533                16,698
          Short-term lease expenses                                                       3,366                 4,125
          Auditors’ remuneration
            Audit services                                                                1,625                  1,630
            Non-audit services                                                            1,318                      –
          Gain on disposal of items of property,
            plant and equipment                                      4                 (11,095)                  (908)
          Investment income                                          4                (631,083)               (17,167)
          Fair value (gain)/loss of financial assets at
            fair value through profit or loss                        4                 (74,818)                35,564
          Bank interest income                                       4                (630,498)              (512,393)
          Exchange differences, net                                  4                  31,171                  7,496

          Employee benefit expense
            Wages and salaries                                                       1,195,032             1,026,868
            Social welfare and other benefits*                                         541,759               469,594
            Share-based payments                                                        79,058                78,585

          Total employee benefit expense                                             1,815,849             1,575,047

          *     There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing
                level of contributions.




62   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



6.   INCOME TAX

     The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the
     jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the
     Group is not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands.

     The subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong and the subsidiaries registered as a Hong Kong
     tax resident are subject to income tax at the rate of 16.5% (2025: 16.5%) on the estimated
     assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the reporting period. The first HK$2,000,000 (2025:
     HK$2,000,000) of assessable profits of each subsidiary are taxed at 8.25% (2025: 8.25%) and the
     remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% (2025: 16.5%).

     The provision for the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) corporate income tax is based on
     the statutory rate of 25% of the assessable profits of certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group as
     determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and
     became effective on 1 January 2008, except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Chinese
     Mainland which are granted tax concession and are taxed at preferential tax rates.

     In 2023, Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Hansoh”) and Shanghai Hansoh
     Biomedical Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Hansoh”), subsidiaries of the Company, renewed their “High and
     New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”) qualification and were entitled to a preferential income
     tax rate of 15% for a period of three years from 2023 to 2025. As at the end of the reporting
     period, Jiangsu Hansoh and Shanghai Hansoh are in the process of applying for their “HNTE”
     qualifications, which is expected to be completed within this year.

     In 2024, Changzhou Hansoh Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, renewed its
     “HNTE” qualification and was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for a period of three
     years from 2024 to 2026.

     The income tax expense of the Group for the periods presented is analysed as follows:

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026               2025
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Current income tax                                                   631,479              459,624
     Deferred income tax                                                  119,922               93,599

     Total                                                                751,401              553,223

     The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the temporary
     mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and
     liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes. From 1 January 2025, the Group is liable to
     Pillar Two income taxes under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for
     Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025 for its earnings in Hong Kong and certain other
     jurisdictions where a domestic minimum top-up tax has not been implemented. The Group will
     account for the additional Pillar Two income taxes as current tax when incurred.



                                                                                    2026 INTERIM REPORT     63
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     6.   INCOME TAX (Continued)

          The Group has assessed its potential exposure based on the information available regarding
          the financial performance of the Group in the current period. As such, it may not be entirely
          representative of future circumstances. Based on the assessment, the Group should benefit from
          the transitional safe harbour provisions in most jurisdictions in which the Group operates and
          certain jurisdictions’ effective tax rates are above 15% and the directors of the Company are not
          currently aware of any circumstances under which they might change. Therefore, the Group does
          not expect material exposure to Pillar Two “top-up” taxes.

          The Group continues to follow Pillar Two legislative developments, as more countries prepare to
          enact the Pillar Two model rules, to evaluate the potential future impact on its financial statements.
          However, the enactment or substantial enactment of Pillar Two legislation in additional jurisdictions
          in which the Group operates does not have a material impact to the Group’s overall exposure to
          Pillar Two income taxes.

     7.   DIVIDENDS

                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          2025 final dividends declared – HK$20.00 cents per
            ordinary share (2024 final dividends declared –
            HK$13.53 cents per ordinary share)                                 1,054,459              734,910

          Pursuant to the resolutions of the shareholders of the Company dated 26 June 2026, the Company
          declared dividends of HK$20.00 cents per ordinary share (20 June 2025: HK$13.53 cents per
          ordinary share), amounting to a total of approximately RMB1,054,459,000 (six months ended 30
          June 2025: RMB734,910,000), which were paid on 24 July 2026.

     8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

          The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the period attributable to
          ordinary equity holders of the parent of RMB4,257,941,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
          RMB3,134,929,000), and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 6,056,678,630 (six
          months ended 30 June 2025: 5,937,754,754) outstanding during the period, which are adjusted to
          reflect the changes in the number of ordinary shares during the period.

          The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period
          attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest in the
          convertible bonds. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of the
          diluted earnings per share is the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during
          the period, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number
          of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued on all potential dilutive ordinary shares.




64   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
     (Continued)

     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026               2025
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Earnings
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                 4,257,941              3,134,929

     Interest on convertible bonds                                            46,666                 272

     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
       used in the diluted earnings per share calculation               4,304,607              3,135,201

                                                                       Adjusted number of shares
                                                                       six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026                2025
                                                                       (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
       issue during the period used in the basic
       earnings per share calculation                               6,056,678,630          5,937,754,754

     Effect of dilution – weighted average number of
       ordinary shares:
       Restricted share units                                          14,849,045             17,941,276
       Convertible bonds                                               66,699,102                725,384

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
      issue during the period used in the diluted
      earnings per share calculation                                6,138,226,777          5,956,421,414

     Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                   0.70                0.53
     Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                                 0.70                0.53




                                                                                       2026 INTERIM REPORT   65
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                 2026               2025
                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

          At beginning of period:
            Cost                                                          5,326,509           5,055,316
            Accumulated depreciation and impairment                      (2,568,509)         (2,250,551)

          Net carrying amount                                             2,758,000           2,804,765

          At beginning of period, net of accumulated
            depreciation and impairment                                   2,758,000           2,804,765
            Additions                                                       174,805             142,353
            Disposals                                                        (1,300)               (288)
            Depreciation provided during the period                        (171,685)           (176,454)
            Transfer                                                              –              (3,810)
            Exchange realignment                                               (288)               (378)

          At end of period, net of accumulated
            depreciation and impairment                                   2,759,532           2,766,188

          At end of period:
            Cost                                                          5,473,696           5,185,184
            Accumulated depreciation and impairment                      (2,714,164)         (2,418,996)

          Net carrying amount                                             2,759,532           2,766,188

     10. LEASES

          The Group as a lessee

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights and property. Lump sum
          payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of
          50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
          buildings generally have lease terms between 1 and 13 years. Generally, the Group is restricted
          from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.




66   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



10. LEASES (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     (a) Right-of-use assets

                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2026               2025
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           At beginning of the period                                      421,344               442,405
           Additions                                                        97,110                 8,880
           Exchange realignment                                             (2,784)                 (218)
           Depreciation charge                                             (15,203)              (14,255)

           At end of the period                                            500,467               436,812

     (b) Lease liabilities

           The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period are as follows:

                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2026               2025
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           Carrying amount at beginning of the period                        64,592               77,019
           New leases                                                        97,110                8,880
           Accretion of interest recognised during the period                 1,946                1,361
           Exchange realignment                                              (3,047)                (251)
           Payments                                                         (11,859)             (11,129)

           Carrying amount at end of the period                            148,742                75,880




                                                                                       2026 INTERIM REPORT   67
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     10. LEASES (Continued)

          The Group as a lessee (Continued)

          (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

                  Interest on lease liabilities                                  1,946               1,361
                  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                    15,203              14,255
                  Short-term lease expenses                                      3,366               4,125

                  Total                                                         20,515              19,741

     11. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                 2026                 2025
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)

          Trade receivables                                                  3,001,843           3,050,099
          Impairment                                                           (13,066)            (11,594)

          Net carrying amount                                                2,988,777           3,038,505
          Bills receivable                                                     167,601              22,012

          Total                                                              3,156,378           3,060,517

          An ageing analysis of trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
          date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                 2026                 2025
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)

          Within 90 days                                                     2,947,124           3,023,697
          91 days to 180 days                                                   17,235              13,024
          Over 180 days                                                         24,418               1,784

          Total                                                              2,988,777           3,038,505




68   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



11. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of bills receivable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the billing date,
     is as follows:

                                                                              30 June         31 December
                                                                                2026                  2025
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                           (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Within 90 days                                                           165,459                18,119
     91 days to 180 days                                                        2,142                 3,893

     Total                                                                    167,601                22,012

     The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

     At beginning of the period                                                11,594                12,425
     Provision/(reversal for impairment), net                                   1,472                (2,369)

     At end of the period                                                      13,066                10,056

     Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
     using a provision matrix:

                                                                          Past due
                                                               Within      91 days          Over
                                                  Current     90 days     to 1 year       1 year       Total

     At 30 June 2026
     Expected credit loss rate                     0.38%      0.40%         6.44%       100.00%       0.44%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)            2,958,225     17,303        26,098           217   3,001,843

     Expected credit losses (RMB’000)             11,099           69        1,681          217      13,066

     At 31 December 2025
     Expected credit loss rate                     0.37%      0.41%         6.44%       100.00%       0.38%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)            3,034,294     13,682         1,907           216   3,050,099

     Expected credit losses (RMB’000)             11,198           57          123          216      11,594




                                                                                         2026 INTERIM REPORT    69
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     12. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                         30 June          31 December
                                                                                           2026                   2025
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Current
          Investments in financial products                                                      –               17,612

          Non-current
          Other unlisted investments, at fair value (note (a))                           893,232                772,486
          Investment in convertible bonds                                                433,707                      –

          Total                                                                        1,326,939                772,486

          Note:

          (a)     The balance as at 30 June 2026 represents unlisted equity investments in nine venture capitals which
                  specialise in making equity investments in the life science industry and two innovative biopharmaceutical
                  manufacturers. The Group has an intention of holding them as long-term investments.

     13. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                         30 June          31 December
                                                                                           2026                   2025
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Cash and bank balances, unrestricted                                         2,457,241             2,941,080
          Time deposits with original maturity of
            less than three months when acquired                                       2,199,904                467,839
          Time deposits with original maturity of over
            three months when acquired (note (a))                                    32,725,754             28,139,749

          Cash and bank balances                                                     37,382,899             31,548,668

          Note:

          (a)     The above investments represent time deposits with initial term of over three months when acquired
                  (including three months) issued by commercial banks with annual return rates ranging from 1.10% to
                  4.30% (2025: 1.35% to 4.50%). None of these investments are either past due or impaired. None of these
                  deposits are pledged.




70   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



14. TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                          30 June         31 December
                                                                            2026                  2025
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Trade payables                                                       376,701              334,314

     Total                                                                376,701              334,314

     An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
     date, is as follows:

                                                                          30 June         31 December
                                                                            2026                  2025
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Within 90 days                                                       376,170              333,883
     91 days to 180 days                                                      101                   29
     181 days to 1 year                                                       105                  105
     Over 1 year                                                              325                  297

     Total                                                                376,701              334,314

15. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                          30 June         31 December
                                                                            2026                  2025
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Accrued expenses                                                   1,571,082            1,617,387
     Staff payroll, welfare and bonus payables                            229,555              440,270
     Payables for purchase of items of property,
       plant and equipment                                                 24,130               29,267
     Other tax payables                                                   109,659              102,808
     Other payables                                                       433,496              372,847

     Total                                                              2,367,922            2,562,579




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT    71
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

          Convertible bonds issued on 22 January 2021

          On 22 January 2026, the remaining convertible bonds matured and the Company redeemed the
          convertible bonds at a total cash consideration of US$5,378,000 (equivalent to RMB37,215,000).

          The convertible bonds have been split into the debt and embedded derivative components as
          follows:

                                                                             Embedded
                                                                 Debt        derivative
                                                            component       component            Total
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

          As at 1 January 2026                                  37,779           2,722          40,501
          Derecognition                                        (37,215)         (2,680)        (39,895)
          Exchange adjustments                                    (586)            (42)           (628)
          Interest charged                                          22               –              22

          As at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                             –               –               –

                                                                            Embedded
                                                                 Debt        derivative
                                                            component       component           Total
                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

          As at 1 January 2025                                  38,090           2,784          40,874
          Exchange adjustments                                    (158)            (12)           (170)
          Interest charged                                         272               –             272

          As at 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                        38,204           2,772          40,976




72   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)

     Convertible bonds issued on 3 February 2026

     On 3 February 2026, the Company issued HK$4,680,000,000 (equivalent to RMB4,170,652,000) zero
     coupon convertible bonds due in 2033. The bonds are convertible at the option of the bondholders
     into ordinary shares on or after 16 March 2026 with a basic conversion price of HK$57.39 per share.
     The convertible bonds comprise two components: the debt component was initially measured at fair
     value amounting to HK$3,715,900,000 (equivalent to RMB3,311,480,000) and is subsequently
     measured at amortized cost after considering the effect of the transaction costs; the derivative
     component comprises conversion options and early redemption options (not closely related to
     the debt component), which were initially measured at fair value amounting to HK$964,100,000
     (equivalent to RMB859,172,000) and subsequently measured at fair value with changes in fair
     value recognized in profit or loss.

     The total transaction costs of HK$37,440,000 (equivalent to RMB33,365,000) related to the issue
     of the convertible bonds were allocated to the debt and derivative components in proportion to their
     respective fair values, which were directly deducted from the gross proceeds.

     As the convertible bonds are convertible at any time on or after 16 March 2026, they are presented
     as current liabilities as at 30 June 2026.

     The convertible bonds have been split into the debt and embedded derivative components as
     follows:

                                                                             Embedded
                                                                Debt         derivative
                                                           component        component            Total
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

     Issue of convertible bonds                            3,311,480          859,172        4,170,652
     Allocated transaction costs                             (26,492)               –          (26,492)
     Exchange adjustments                                    (84,194)         (21,804)        (105,998)
     Interest charged                                         46,644                –           46,644

     As at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                        3,247,438          837,368        4,084,806




                                                                                    2026 INTERIM REPORT     73
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     17. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

          The Group’s restricted share unit scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution
          passed on 27 May 2019 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors and eligible
          employees. This RSU Scheme was terminated on 26 June 2026, no further awards shall be
          granted under the RSU Scheme upon termination, whilst all outstanding awards previously granted
          thereunder shall remain valid and continue to vest in accordance with their respective terms and
          conditions.

          The Group’s 2026 Share Scheme (the “2026 Share Scheme”) was adopted at the annual general
          meeting of the Company on 26 June 2026 for the primary purpose of providing incentives to eligible
          employees to retain them for the continued operation and development of the Group. As at 30 June
          2026, an aggregate of 121,283,001 shares of the Company will be available for future grant under
          the 2026 Share Scheme.

          During the six months ended 30 June 2026, 4,992,330 restricted share units were granted on 28
          April 2026. Vesting commencement date is on 29 April 2026. The closing price of the Group’s
          shares immediately before the date of grant was HK$38.60 per share. These restricted share units
          will be vested subject to certain performance indicators and other requirements in the grant letter
          between the employees and the Group, including requirements based on the achievement of the
          Group’s annual results and the employees’ individual annual performance. Approximately 34% shall
          vest on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining approximately
          33% and approximately 33% shall vest on the second and third anniversary of the vesting
          commencement date, respectively.

          The table below discloses movements of the RSU Scheme:

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2026                2025
                                                                              Number of          Number of
                                                                              restricted          restricted
                                                                              share unit         share unit

          Outstanding as at 1 January                                       19,384,410          25,688,620
          Granted during the period                                          4,992,330           8,560,990
          Cancelled/lapsed during the period                                (1,112,743)         (1,896,015)
          Vested during the period                                         (10,001,647)        (11,919,135)

          Outstanding as at 30 June                                        13,262,350           20,434,460




74   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



17. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

     The fair value of the restricted share units determined on 28 April 2026 using the binomial model
     was HK$29.4408 per unit. The following criteria were used to calculate the fair value of the
     restricted share units:

                                                                                           28 April 2026

     Weighted average closing price                                                           HK$37.30
     Purchase price                                                                          HK$7.8592
     Vesting period                                                                             3 Years
     Vest volatility                                                                    40.63%-44.95%
     Dividend yield                                                                              1.16%
     Risk-free interest rate                                                              2.27%-2.35%

     The binomial model has been used to estimate the fair value of the restricted share units. The
     variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the restricted share units are based
     on the directors’ best estimate. Changes in estimates and assumptions may result in changes in fair
     value of the restricted share units.

     At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of restricted
     share units that are expected to vest ultimately. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any,
     is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment reserve.

     The Group recognised share-based payments expense of RMB56,850,000 (six months ended 30
     June 2025: RMB78,585,000) during the reporting period.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT      75
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     18. SHARE CAPITAL

          Authorized:

                                                                                       Number        Nominal value
                                                                                     of shares       of each share
                                                                                                              HKD

          As at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025 and
            1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026                                  20,000,000,000                0.00001

          Issued and paid:

                                                                                     30 June          31 December
                                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                                        RMB                   RMB
                                                                                  (Unaudited)             (Audited)

          Issued and paid: 6,064,150,070 shares of HK$0.00001
            each (31 December 2025: 6,055,150,070 shares of
            HK$0.00001 each)                                                           53,458                53,379

          A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                    Number of
                                                                               shares in issue        Share capital
                                                                                                              RMB

          At 1 January 2026 (audited)                                          6,055,150,070                 53,379

          Issue of shares pursuant to the RSU Scheme adopted
            on 27 May 2019, HK$0.00001 each (note (a))                              9,000,000                    79

          At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                          6,064,150,070                 53,458

          Note:

          (a)     On 17 April 2026, the Company issued 9,000,000 new ordinary shares to Computershare Hong Kong
                  Trustees Limited (the “RSU Trustee”) pursuant to the terms of the RSU Scheme approved and adopted on
                  27 May 2019, at the price of HK$3.5788 per restricted share unit for vesting.




76   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



19. TREASURY SHARES

     As instructed by the board of directors, the RSU Trustee is appointed to acquire a certain number
     of shares from the open market for the RSU Scheme, and the purchased shares will be held by the
     RSU Trustee, recognised as treasury shares, until such shares are vested in accordance with the
     provisions of the RSU Scheme.

     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, a summary of movements in the Company’s treasury
     shares is as follows:

                                                                 Number of shares      Treasury shares
                                                                                             RMB’000

     At 1 January 2026                                                 1,194,647                 2,885
     Shares reserved for RSU Scheme                                    9,370,000                40,959
     Vested                                                           (9,143,647)              (38,656)

     At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                       1,421,000                 5,188

                                                                 Number of shares      Treasury shares
                                                                                             RMB’000

     At 1 January 2025                                                 1,315,065                13,215
     Shares reserved for RSU Scheme                                   11,500,000                31,608
     Vested                                                          (11,620,418)              (41,539)

     At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                       1,194,647                 3,284

20. COMMITMENTS

     The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     Contracted, but not provided for acquisition of property,
       plant and equipment                                               448,662               116,031




                                                                                    2026 INTERIM REPORT   77
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          (a)   Name of and relationship with a related party

                Name                                                Relationship

                江蘇恒瑞醫藥股份有限公司                                        Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.)          of a director
                山東盛迪醫藥有限公司                                          Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Shandong Suncadia Medicine Co., Ltd.)               of a director
                成都新越醫藥有限公司                                          Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Chengdu Xinyue Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)            of a director
                江蘇原創藥物研發有限公司                                        Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Jiangsu Original Drug Research &                    of a director
                 Development Co., Ltd.)
                蘇州盛迪亞生物醫藥有限公司                                       Entity controlled by a close family member
                 (Suzhou Suncadia Biopharmaceuticals                  of a director
                 Co., Ltd.)

          (b)   Transactions with a related party

                The following transactions were carried out with a related party:

                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

                Sales of services
                  Controlled by a close family member of a director                 25,120                  –

                Licensing
                  Controlled by a close family member of a director                 30,000                  –

                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

                Purchasing of products and service
                  Controlled by a close family member of a director                   780             10,835

                Licensing
                  Controlled by a close family member of a director                 56,604                  –

                The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above sales to related parties,
                purchases from related parties and licensing with related parties were conducted in the
                ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms.




78   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties

                                                                      30 June         31 December
                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)            (Audited)

           Amounts due from related parties
            Controlled by a close family member of a director          31,800                    –

           Amounts due to related parties
            Controlled by a close family member of a director          30,771                  626

     (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2026               2025
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)

           Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                   41,435               39,438
           Performance related bonuses                                 30,748               37,710
           Share-based payments                                        36,808               34,539
           Pension scheme contributions                                 1,707                1,250

           Total compensation paid to key management
             personnel                                                110,698              112,937




                                                                                 2026 INTERIM REPORT   79
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     22. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits with
          original maturity of over three months when acquired, financial assets at fair value through profit
          or loss, trade and bills receivables, trade and bills payables, deposits and other receivables,
          convertible bonds, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals and dividends
          payable approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these
          instruments.

          The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
          instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
          forced or liquidation sale.

          The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

          The fair values of the non-current portion of lease liabilities have been calculated by discounting
          the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
          credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own
          non-performance risk for lease liabilities as at 30 June 2026 were assessed to be insignificant. The
          fair value of the liability portion of the convertible bonds is estimated by discounting the expected
          future cash flows using an equivalent market interest rate for a similar convertible bond with
          consideration of the Group’s own non-performance risk.

          The Group held bills receivable within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
          collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. Bills receivable is measured at
          fair value through other comprehensive income. The Group has estimated the fair value of bills
          receivable by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of
          instruments with similar terms and risks.

          The Group invests in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which represent wealth
          management products issued by banks, investments in limited partnerships in nine venture capitals
          which specialise in making equity investments in the life science sector, investments in two private
          innovative biopharmaceutical companies and investments in convertible bonds. The Group has
          estimated the fair value of these investments using the following valuation techniques:

                                                     Fair value as at
                                                   30 June 31 December
                                                      2026            2025    Valuation techniques
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                (unaudited)       (audited)

          Wealth management products                     –         17,612     Discounted cash flow
          Unlisted investments                     814,952        693,996     Market approach
          Unlisted investments                      78,280         78,490     Income approach
          Investments in convertible bonds         433,707              –     Market approach

          The fair value of convertible bonds issued by the Company has been estimated based on Binomial
          Model.




80   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



22. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments
     together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025:

                                                         Significant                                  Sensitivity of fair
     Financial instruments           Valuation technique unobservable input       Range               value to the input

     Bills receivable held both to   Discounted cash      Discount rate per       2.85% to 3.15%      5% increase/decrease in
       collect cash flows and to       flow method          annum                                      discount rate would result
       sell                                                                                            in decrease/increase in
                                                                                                       fair value by 0.00%
     Convertible bonds –             Binomial option      Expected volatility     37% to 47%          5% increase in expected
       embedded derivative             pricing with the                                                volatility would result in
       instruments                     volatilities and                                                increase in fair value by
                                       risk-free rates as                                              11.98%
                                       key inputs                                                     5% decrease in expected
                                                                                                       volatility would result in
                                                                                                       decrease in fair value by
                                                                                                       11.82%

     Fair value hierarchy
     The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
     instruments:

     Assets measured at fair value:

                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                               Quoted
                                                                prices          Significant  Significant
                                                             in active          observable unobservable
                                                              markets               inputs       inputs                     Total
                                                            (Level 1)            (Level 2)          (Level 3)
                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

     As at 30 June 2026

     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                 –                   –    1,326,939             1,326,939
     Bills receivable                                                 –                   –      167,601               167,601

     Total                                                            –                   –    1,494,540             1,494,540

     As at 31 December 2025

     Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                                 –            17,612           772,486            790,098
     Bills receivable                                                 –                 –            22,012             22,012

     Total                                                            –            17,612           794,498            812,110


                                                                                                        2026 INTERIM REPORT         81
     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



     22. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

          Liabilities measured at fair value:

                                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                                           Quoted
                                                         prices in     Significant  Significant
                                                            active     observable unobservable
                                                          markets          inputs       inputs                Total
                                                         (Level 1)       (Level 2)        (Level 3)
                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

          As at 30 June 2026

          Convertible bonds – embedded
            derivative instruments                               –               –        837,368          837,368

          As at 31 December 2025

          Convertible bonds – embedded
            derivative instruments                               –               –           2,722           2,722

          During the period/year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and
          Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2025:
          Nil).

          Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                                        Investments
                                                                                    Unlisted          in convertible
                                                                                investments                   bonds
                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Fair value at 1 January 2026 (audited)                                      772,486                    –
            Purchases                                                                  96,302              433,707
            Disposals                                                                  (7,162)                   –
            Fair value gain to profit or loss                                          74,551                    –
            Investment income to profit or loss                                       631,083                    –
            Investment income received                                               (674,974)                   –
            Exchange difference                                                           946                    –

          Fair value at 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                     893,232               433,707




82   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Information
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



22. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets at FVTPL (Continued)

                                                                                                 Unlisted
                                                                                             investments
                                                                                               RMB’000

     Fair value at 1 January 2025 (audited)                                                       702,283
       Purchases                                                                                  132,591
       Disposals                                                                                   (6,071)
       Fair value loss to profit or loss                                                          (13,121)
       Investment income received                                                                 (43,761)
       Exchange difference                                                                            565

     Fair value at 31 December 2025 (audited)                                                     772,486

23. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     The Group has no material events after the reporting period up to the date of this report.




                                                                                     2026 INTERIM REPORT     83
     Definitions


     In this interim report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings
     set out below.

     “2026 Share Scheme”               the share scheme adopted by the Shareholders at the annual general
                                       meeting on June 26, 2026

     “AACR”                            American Association for Cancer Research

     “ADC”                             antibody-drug conjugate

     “Apex Medical”                    APEX MEDICAL COMPANY LTD., a company incorporated in the BVI as
                                       a limited liability company and wholly-owned by Mr. Cen Junda

     “AQP4”                            anti-aquaporin-4

     “ASCO”                            American Society of Clinical Oncology

     “associate”                       has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board

     “Avere”                           Avere Therapeutics, Inc., an investee company of the Company

     “BD”                              business development

     “Biotheus”                        Biotheus Inc., which was acquired by Biopharmaceutical New
                                       Technologies in February 2025

     “Board”                           the board of Directors of the Company

     “BVI”                             the British Virgin Islands

     “China” or “PRC”                  the People’s Republic of China

     “CKD”                             chronic kidney disease

     “CNS”                             central nervous system

     “Company”                         Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited, a company
                                       incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, whose shares
                                       are listed and traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange




84   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Definitions


“Company Code”                the Company’s own code of conduct regarding securities transactions
                              of the Company by Directors and relevant employees

“Corporate Governance Code”   the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
  or “CG Code”                Rules

“cORR”                        confirmed objective response rate

“CSCO”                        the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology

“Director(s)”                 the director(s) of the Company

“ECE”                         European Congress of Endocrinology

“ECIM”                        European Congress of Internal Medicine

“EGFR”                        epidermal growth factor receptor

“EGFR ex20ins”                EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations

“ELCC”                        European Lung Cancer Congress

“EPO”                         erythropoietin

“ESG”                         environmental, social and governance

“ESG Committee”               the environmental, social and governance committee of the Board

“ESMO”                        the European Society of Medical Oncology

“ES-SCLC”                     extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer

“EU”                          the European Union

“FDA”                         the United States Food and Drug Administration

“GLP-1”                       glucagon-like peptide-1

“GLP-1RA”                     GLP-1 receptor agonist

“gMG”                         generalized myasthenia gravis

“GMP”                         Good Manufacturing Practice




                                                                               2026 INTERIM REPORT     85
     Definitions


     “Group”, “we” or “us”            the Company and its subsidiaries and, in respect of the period before
                                      the Company became the holding company of our present subsidiaries,
                                      the businesses operated by such subsidiaries or their predecessors (as
                                      the case may be)

     “GSK”                            GlaxoSmithKline Intellectual Property (No.4) Limited

     “Harmonia Holding”               Harmonia Holding Investing (PTC) Limited

     “Hengrui”                        Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.

     “HK$” or “Hong Kong dollar(s)”   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
       or “cent”

     “Hong Kong” or “HK”              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

     “ICI”                            immune checkpoint inhibitor

     “IgG4”                           immunoglobulin G4

     “IL-23”                          interleukin-23

     “IRC”                            independent review committee

     “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                      Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

     “Macau”                          the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC

     “Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                                      Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the
                                      Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange. For the avoidance of
                                      doubt, the Main Board excludes the GEM of the Stock Exchange

     “mCRPC”                          metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer

     “MET”                            mesenchymal to epithelial transition factor

     “Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                      Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

     “mPFS”                           median progression-free survival

     “NDA”                            New Drug Application

     “NextCure”                       NextCure, Inc., a company listed on Nasdaq (NASDAQ: NXTC)

     “NMOSD”                          neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder




86   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
Definitions


“NMPA”                     the National Medical Products Administration of the PRC (中國國家藥
                           品監督管理局)

“Nomination Committee”     the nomination committee of the Board

“non-AGA”                  without actionable genomic alterations

“NRDL”                     the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance,
                           Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Catalogue*
                           ( 國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄 ) released by the
                           National Healthcare Security Administration ( 國家醫保局 ) and the
                           Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security (人力資源和社會保障
                           部)

“NSCLC”                    non-small cell lung cancer

“ODD”                      Orphan Drug Designation

“OS”                       overall survival

“PFS”                      progression-free survival

“PNH”                      paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria

“Prospectus”               the prospectus of the Company dated May 31, 2019

“QD”                       quaque die (once daily)

“QW”                       once a week

“R&D”                      research and development

“Remuneration Committee”   the remuneration committee of the Board

“Renminbi” or “RMB”        Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”         the period of six months from January 1, 2026 to June 30, 2026

“rHuEPO”                   recombinant human erythropoietin

“RSU(s)”                   restricted share unit(s)

“RSU Scheme”               the scheme conditionally approved and adopted by the Company on
                           May 27, 2019 and terminated with effect from June 26, 2026, which
                           has granted RSUs upon completion of the Global Offering, the details
                           of which are set out in the section headed “Statutory and General
                           Information” in Appendix IV of the Company’s Prospectus

“RSU Trustee”              Computershare Hong Kong Trustees Limited

“SAD”                      single ascending dose

“SAE”                      serious adverse event

                                                                           2026 INTERIM REPORT    87
     Definitions


     “SCLC”                               small cell lung cancer

     “SFO”                                the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                          Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                          time

     “Share(s)”                           ordinary share(s) of the Company with nominal value of HK$0.00001
                                          each, which are listed and traded on the Stock Exchange

     “Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of Shares

     “SHPT”                               secondary hyperparathyroidism

     “Stellar Infinity”                   Stellar Infinity Company Ltd., a company incorporated in the BVI as a
                                          limited liability company and held as to 100% by Sunrise Investment

     “Stock Exchange”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “Strategy and Development            the strategy and development committee of the Board
       Committee”

     “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”       has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Substantial Shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Sunrise Investment”                 Sunrise Investment Advisors Limited, a company incorporated in the
                                          BVI with limited liability and held as to 100% by Harmonia Holding

     “Sunrise Trust”                      Sunrise Trust, a discretionary trust set up by Ms. Sun, of which
                                          Harmonia Holding acts as the trustee pursuant to a trust deed dated
                                          January 28, 2016

     “T2DM”                               type 2 diabetes mellitus

     “TEAE”                               treatment-emergent adverse event

     “TKI”                                tyrosine kinase inhibitor

     “TRAE”                               treatment-related adverse event

     “TYK2”                               tyrosine kinase 2

     “%”                                  percentage

     * For identification purposes only




88   HANSOH PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP COMPANY LIMITED
